 Our Policies'' means our Acceptable Use Policy, guidelines for Reporting Copyright and Trademark Violations, Online Community Platforms Terms, Privacy Policy, Support Policy, Enterprise Support and Services Policy, terms for Third Party Code in Atlassian Products, and-LRB- unless specified-RRB- any other policies or terms referenced in these Terms.
We will defend you against any claim brought against you by a third party alleging that the Cloud Products, when used as authorized under these Terms, infringe a patent right granted in the United States, Australia or a member nation of the European Union or a copyright registered in such a jurisdiction-LRB- a`` Claim''-RRB-, and we will indemnify you and hold you harmless against any damages and costs awarded on the Claim by a court of competent jurisdiction or agreed to via settlement executed by us-LRB- including reasonable attorneys' fees-RRB-, provided:-LRB- a-RRB- prompt written notice of the Claim-LRB- but in any event notice in sufficient time for us to respond without prejudice-RRB-;-LRB- b-RRB- reasonable assistance in the defense and investigation of the Claim, including providing us a copy of the Claim, all relevant evidence in your possession, custody, or control, and cooperation with evidentiary discovery, litigation, and trial, including making witnesses within your employ or control available for testimony; and-LRB- c-RRB- the exclusive right to control and direct the investigation, defense, and settlement-LRB- if applicable-RRB-.
 if we deem such action necessary based on your violation of these Terms, including Our Policies, or in response to takedown requests that we receive following our guidelines for Reporting Copyright and Trademark Violations, we may remove Your Data from the Cloud Products or-LRB- 2-RRB- suspend your access to the Cloud Products.
You will provide all required disclosures and will obtain and maintain all required consents from End Users to allow:-LRB- i-RRB- Administrators to have the access described in these Terms and the Privacy Policy; and-LRB- ii-RRB- Atlassian's provision of the Cloud Products to Administrators and End Users.
You represent and warrant that:-LRB- i-RRB- to submit all Your Data to the Cloud Products and to grant the rights granted to us in these Terms and-LRB- ii-RRB- Your Data and its submission and use as you authorize in these Terms will not violate any Laws,-LRB- 2-RRB- any third-party intellectual property, privacy, publicity or other rights, or-LRB- 3-RRB- any of your or third-party policies or terms governing Your Data.
If you enable or use third party products or services with the Cloud Products-LRB- including Third Party Apps as referenced in Section 6.2-LRB- Marketplace Apps-RRB--RRB-, we will allow the third party providers or use Your Data as required for the interoperation of their products and services with the Cloud Products.
 Excluded Claims'' means-LRB- 1-RRB- amounts owed by you under any Orders,-LRB- 2-RRB- either party's express indemnification obligations in these Terms, and-LRB- 3-RRB- your breach of Section 3.3-LRB- Restrictions-RRB- or of Section 2-LRB- Combining the Products-RRB- of Third Party Code in Atlassian Products.
Except as permitted in these Terms, you will not: reproduce, modify, adapt or create derivative works of the Cloud Products; rent, lease, distribute, sell,, transfer or provide access to the Cloud Products to a third party; use the Cloud Products for the benefit of any third party;-LRB- d-RRB- incorporate any Cloud Products into a product or service you provide to a third party; interfere with or circumvent mechanisms in the Cloud Products intended to limit your use;-LRB- f-RRB- reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, translate or otherwise seek to obtain or derive the source code, underlying ideas, algorithms, file formats or non-public APIs to any Cloud Products, except to the extent permitted by applicable law-LRB- and-RRB-;-LRB- g-RRB- remove or obscure any proprietary or other notices contained in any Cloud Product;-LRB- h-RRB- use the Cloud Products for competitive analysis or to build competitive products;-LRB- i-RRB- disseminate information regarding the performance of the Cloud Products; or encourage or assist any third party to do any.
Our indemnification obligations above do not apply:-LRB- 1-RRB- if the total aggregate fees we receive with respect to your subscription to a Cloud Product in the twelve month period immediately preceding the Claim is less than US$ 50,000;-LRB- 2-RRB- if the Cloud Product is modified by any party other than us, but solely to the extent;-LRB- 3-RRB- if the Cloud Product is used in combination with any non-Atlassian product, software, service or equipment, but to the extent the alleged infringement is caused by such combination;-LRB- 4-RRB- to unauthorized use of Cloud Products;-LRB- 5-RRB- to any Claim arising as a result of Your Data or circumstances covered by your indemnification obligations in Section 5.4-LRB- Your Indemnity-RRB- or-LRB- z-RRB- any third-party deliverables or components contained with the Cloud Products or-LRB- 6-RRB- if you settle or make any admissions with respect to a Claim.
You will defend, indemnify and hold harmless us from and against any and all claims, costs, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses-LRB- including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs-RRB- resulting from any claim arising or related to your breach of Section 2.3-LRB- End User Consent-RRB- or any claims or disputes brought by your End Users arising out of their use of Cloud Products,-LRB- ii-RRB- your breach-LRB- or alleged breach-RRB- of Sections 5.2-LRB- Your Data Compliance Obligations-RRB- or 5.3-LRB- No Sensitive Data-RRB-; or-LRB- iii-RRB- Your Materials.
The following provisions will survive any termination or expiration of these Terms: Sections 3.3, 5.4-LRB- Your Indemnity-RRB-, 6.1-LRB- Third-Party Products-RRB-, 9.4, 11, 14, 15-LRB- IP Rights in the Cloud Products and Feedback-RRB-, 16, 17-LRB- Term and Termination-RRB-, 18.4, 19, 20-LRB- but with respect to claims arising from your use of Cloud Products during the Subscription Term-RRB-, 22 and 26.
You indicate your assent to these Terms by clicking``''-LRB- or similar button or checkbox-RRB- at the time you register for a Cloud Product, create a Cloud Product account, or place an Order.
We collect certain data and information about you and your End Users in connection with your and your End Users' use of the Cloud Products and in connection with these Terms.
We may modify the terms and conditions of these Terms-LRB- including Our Policies-RRB- from time to time, with notice to you in accordance with Section 26.1-LRB- Notices-RRB- or by posting the modified Terms.
You will not have access to Your Data-LRB- and we may delete all of Your Data unless prohibited-RRB- after expiration or termination of these Terms-LRB- or its applicable Subscription Term-RRB-, so you should make sure to export Your Data using the functionality of the Cloud Products during the applicable Subscription Term.
Subject to these Terms, and solely to the extent necessary to provide the Cloud Products to you, you grant us a worldwide, limited term license, use, process, copy, distribute, perform, export, and display Your Data.
During the Subscription Term, we will provide Support for the Cloud Products in accordance with the Support Policy, Enterprise Support and Services Policy-LRB- to the extent applicable-RRB-, and the applicable Order.
 Product-Specific Terms'' means additional terms that apply to certain Cloud Products and Additional Services, located.
As described in the Atlassian Marketplace Terms of Use, the Atlassian Marketplace lists a variety of Apps that may be used with Cloud Products, including both Atlassian Apps and Third Party Apps.
You retain your rights in Your Materials, subject to our ownership of any Cloud Products, any of Our Deliverables or any of Our Technology underlying Your Materials.
These Atlassian Cloud Terms of Service-LRB- these`` Terms''-RRB- describe your rights and responsibilities as a customer of our Cloud Products.
Third Party Apps are not Cloud Products and remain subject to their own applicable Vendor Terms.
If your use of the Cloud Products is enjoined, whether by court order or by settlement, or, we may, at our option and:-LRB- i-RRB- procure the right for your continued use of the Cloud Product in accordance with these Terms;-LRB- ii-RRB- substitute a substantially functionally similar Cloud Product; or-LRB- iii-RRB- terminate your right to continue using the Cloud Product and refund any prepaid amounts for the terminated portion of the Subscription Term.
You and your use of Cloud Products-LRB- including use by your End Users-RRB- must comply at all times with these Terms, the Acceptable Use Policy and all Laws.
 Your Data'' means any data, content, code, video, images or other materials that you-LRB- including any of your End Users-RRB- submit to Cloud Products.
These Terms govern our Cloud Products, related Support, and Additional Services.
These Terms are between you and the Atlassian entity that owns or operates the Cloud Product that you are using or accessing listed-LRB-`` Atlassian'',`` we'' or`` us''-RRB-.
As part of our commitment to customer satisfaction and without limiting the Performance Warranty in Section 18-LRB- Warranties and Disclaimer-RRB-, you may terminate your initial Order of a Cloud Product under these Terms, for no reason or any reason, by providing notice of termination to us after the Order date for such Cloud Product.
Other than as set in Section 10-LRB- Our return policy-RRB-, 18.3, Section 20-LRB- IP Indemnification-RRB- or Section 24-LRB- Changes to these Terms-RRB-, all amounts are non-refundable, non-cancelable and non-creditable.
We may offer certain Cloud Products-LRB- including some Atlassian Apps-RRB- to you at no charge, including free accounts, trial use and Beta Versions as defined below-LRB- collectively,`` No-Charge Products''-RRB-.
Using Your Data to provide Cloud Products to You.
You may use any of Our Deliverables provided to you in connection with the Cloud Products, subject to the same usage rights and restrictions as for the Cloud Products.
Your fees under these Terms exclude any taxes or duties payable in respect of the Cloud Products where the payment is either made or received.
As applicable, the Order will identify:-LRB- i-RRB- the Cloud Products,-LRB- ii-RRB- the number of End Users, Subscription Term, domain associated with your use of Cloud Products, storage capacity or limits, or other scope of use parameters and-LRB- iii-RRB- the amount or rate you will be charged, the billing and renewal terms, applicable currency, and form of payment.
 Additional Services'' means Technical Account Manager services, premier or priority support or other services related to the Cloud Products we provide to you, as identified in an Order.
 Subscription Term'' means your permitted subscription period for a Cloud Product, as set forth in the applicable Order.
For clarity,, any client software we provide as part of the Cloud Products themselves remains subject to these Terms.
If the effective date of such modifications is during your then-current Subscription Term and you object to the modifications, then you may terminate your affected Orders upon notice to us, and we will refund you any fees you have pre-paid for use of the affected Cloud Products for the terminated portion of the applicable Subscription Term.