We can remove any content or information you share on the Service if we believe that it violates these Terms of Use, our policies-LRB- including our Instagram Community Guidelines-RRB-, or we are permitted or required to do by law.
We can refuse to provide or stop providing of the Service to you-LRB- including terminating or disabling your account-RRB- immediately to protect our community or services, or if you create risk or legal exposure for us, violate these Terms of Use or our policies-LRB- including our Instagram Community Guidelines-RRB-, if you infringe other people's intellectual property rights, or.
To opt out, you must send your name, residence address, username, email address or phone number you use for your Instagram account, and a clear statement that you want to opt out of this arbitration agreement, and you must send them: Facebook, Inc.. ATTN: Instagram Arbitration Opt-out, 1601 Willow Rd., Menlo Park, CA 94025.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and costs, arising out of or in any way connected with these Terms or your use of the Service.
You give us permission to show your username, profile picture, and information about your actions or relationships to or in connection with accounts, ads, offers, and other sponsored content that you follow or engage with that are displayed on Facebook Products, without any compensation to you.
We also may share information about misuse or harmful content with other Facebook Companies or law enforcement.
These Terms of Use govern your use of Instagram and provide information about the Instagram Service, outlined.
We agree to provide you with the Instagram Service.
Your use of music on the Service is subject to our Music Guidelines, and your use of our API is subject to our Platform Policy.
You agree that we wo n't be responsible for any lost profits, revenues, information, or data, or consequential, special, indirect, exemplary, punitive, or incidental damages arising out of or related to these Terms, even if we know they are possible.
We do not claim ownership of your content that you post on or through the Service.
If you use content covered by intellectual property rights that we have and make available in our Service-LRB- for example, images, designs, videos, or sounds we provide that you add to content you create or share-RRB-, we retain all rights to our content-LRB--RRB-.
Instagram is part of the Facebook Companies, which share technology, systems, insights, and information-including the information we have-LRB- learn more in the Data Policy-RRB- in order to provide services that are better, safer, and more secure.
To learn how we use information, and how to control or delete your content, review the Data Policy and visit the Instagram Help Center.
We also are n't responsible for services and features offered by other people or companies, even if you access them through our Service.
Our Service is provided`` is,'' and we ca n't guarantee it will be safe and secure or will work all the time.
The following claims do n't have to be arbitrated and may be brought in court: disputes related to intellectual property-LRB- like copyrights and trademarks-RRB-, violations of our Platform Policy, or efforts to interfere with the Service or engage with the Service-LRB- for example, automated ways-RRB-.
We want our Service to be as open and inclusive as possible, but we want it to be safe, secure, and in accordance with the law.
You must agree to the Data Policy to use Instagram.
The Service includes all of the Instagram products, features, applications, services, technologies, and software that we provide to advance Instagram's mission: To bring you closer.
You ca n't post private or confidential information or do anything that violates someone else's rights, including intellectual property.
The Instagram Service is one of the Facebook Products, provided to you by Facebook, Inc..
We may change our Service and policies, and we may need to make changes to these Terms so that they reflect our Service and policies.
We use the information we have to study our Service and collaborate with others on research to make our Service better and contribute.
If you do not want to agree to these or any updated Terms, you can delete your account, here.
This paragraph, and the section below called`` Our Agreement and What Happens if We Disagree,'' will apply even after your account is terminated or deleted.
You agree that we can download and install updates to the Service.
If there is an issue with our Service, we ca n't know.
 when you share, post, or content that is covered by intellectual property rights-LRB- like photos or videos-RRB- on or in connection with our Service, you hereby grant to us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide license to host, use, distribute, modify, run, copy, perform or display, translate, and create derivative works of your content-LRB- consistent-RRB-.
You can end this license anytime by deleting your content or account.
This includes when we delete your content, information, or account.
You ca n't do anything to interfere or impair the intended operation of the Service.
You ca n't impersonate others or provide inaccurate information.
WE EXPLAIN SOME EXCEPTIONS AND HOW YOU CAN OPT OUT OF ARBITRATION BELOW.
How You Ca n't Use Instagram.
You do n't have to disclose your identity on Instagram.
Before you commence arbitration of a claim, you must provide us with a written Notice of Dispute that includes your name, residence address, username, email address or phone number you use for your Instagram account, a detailed description, and the relief you seek.
We also do n't control what people and others do or say, and we are n't responsible for their actions or conduct-LRB- whether online or offline-RRB- or content-LRB- including unlawful or objectionable content-RRB-.
The Instagram Service.
We use data from Instagram and other Facebook Company Products, as well as from third-party partners, to show you ads, offers.
If you do n't bring your claims in small claims court-LRB- or if you or we appeal a small claims court judgment to a court-RRB-, then the claims must be resolved by binding, individual arbitration.
You ca n't attempt to create accounts or access or collect information.
You must not be prohibited from receiving any aspect of our Service under applicable laws or engaging in payments related Services if you are.
If you use certain other features or related services, you will be provided with an opportunity to agree to additional terms that will become a part of our agreement.
Except as provided, you and we agree that any cause of action, legal claim, or dispute between you and us arising out of or related to these Terms or Instagram-LRB-`` claim-LRB- s-RRB-''-RRB- must be resolved by arbitration on an individual basis.
The Data Policy explains how we collect, use, and share information across the Facebook Products.
We do not claim ownership of your content.
You can not transfer your rights or obligations under this agreement.
We develop and use tools and offer resources to our community members that help to make their experiences positive and inclusive,.
The laws of the State of California, to the extent not preempted by or inconsistent with federal law, will govern these Terms and any claim, without regard to conflict.
When you create an Instagram account or use Instagram, you agree.
Who Has Rights.
Who Can Use Instagram.
These Terms therefore constitute an agreement between you and Facebook, Inc..
You can opt out of this provision that you agreed to these Terms.
We will pay all arbitration filing fees, administration and hearing costs, and arbitrator fees for any arbitration we bring or if your claims seek less than$ 75,000 and you timely provided us with a Notice.
And we try to make that content as relevant as all your other experiences on Instagram.
Before we commence arbitration, we will send you a Notice of Dispute to the email address you use with your Instagram account, or other appropriate means.
Providing a safe and open Service for a broad community requires that we do our part.