If you believe Your Content was removed due to a mistake or misidentification, you can send a counter notification to our Copyright Agent-LRB- contact information provided above-RRB-.
Except to the extent prohibited by law, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us, our licensors, our third party service providers and our officers, employees, licensors, and agents-LRB- the`` Reddit Entities''-RRB- harmless, including costs and attorneys' fees, or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of-LRB- a-RRB- your use of the Services,-LRB- b-RRB- your violation of these Terms,-LRB- c-RRB- your violation of applicable laws or regulations, or-LRB- d-RRB- Your Content.
We may suspend or terminate your Accounts, status as a moderator, or ability to access or use the Services at any time, including for a violation of these Terms or our Content Policy.
Access the Services or Content in order to build a similar or competitive website, product, or service, except as permitted under the Reddit API Terms.
This Reddit User Agreement-LRB-`` Terms''-RRB- applies to your access to and use of the websites, mobile apps, widgets, and other online products and services-LRB- collectively, the`` Services''-RRB- provided by Reddit, Inc.-LRB-`` Reddit,''`` we,'' or`` us''-RRB-.
Reddit grants you a personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, limited license to use and access the Services as permitted by these Terms.
You may terminate these Terms at any time and by deleting your Account and discontinuing your use of all Services.
If you believe that anything on our Services infringes a copyright that you own or control, you may notify Reddit's Designated Agent by filling out our DMCA Report Form or:
Use the Services, collect, gather or assemble information or data regarding the Services or users of the Services except as permitted in these Terms or in a separate agreement with Reddit;
By submitting Your Content to the Services, you represent and warrant that you have all rights, power, and authority necessary to grant the rights to Your Content contained within these Terms.
Except for the government entities listed below: any claims arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Services will be governed by the laws of California, other than its conflict of laws rules; all disputes related to these Terms or the Services will be brought in the federal or state courts located in San Francisco, California; and you consent to personal jurisdiction in these courts.
If we remove Your Content in response, we will notify you via Reddit's private messaging system.
You retain any ownership rights you have in Your Content, but you grant Reddit the following license to use that Content:
The following sections will survive any termination of these Terms or of your Accounts: 4-LRB- Your Content-RRB-, 6-LRB- Things You Can not Do-RRB-, 10, 11, 12, 13, 16, and 17.
The Services may contain information, text, links, graphics, photos, videos, or other materials-LRB-`` Content''-RRB-, including Content created or submitted to the Services by you or through your Account-LRB-`` Your Content''-RRB-.
If you do not agree to these Terms, you may not access or use our Services.
If you use Reddit Premium or Virtual Goods, you must agree to our Terms for Reddit Premium and Virtual Goods.
If you use our public API, you must agree to our Reddit API Terms of Use.
This license includes the right for us to make Your Content available who partner with Reddit.
All disputes related to these Terms or the Services will be brought in the federal or state courts located in San Francisco, California.
You may create and enforce rules for the subreddits you moderate, provided that such rules do not conflict with these Terms, our Content Policy, and the Moderator Guidelines.
If you do not agree to the revised Terms, you must stop accessing and using our Services.
When accessing or using the Services, you must respect others and their rights, including by following these Terms and the Content Policy, so that we may continue to use and enjoy the Services.
If you are a U.S. federal government entity: any claims arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Services will be governed by the laws of the United States of America without reference.
We want you to enjoy Reddit, so if you have an issue or dispute, you agree to raise it and try to resolve it with us.
You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Services or any part thereof.
Take a look at Reddit's Privacy Policy too-- it explains how we collect, use, and share information about you when you access or use our Services.
The Services may contain links, products, or services, which may be posted by advertisers, our affiliates, our partners, or other users-LRB-`` Third-Party Content''-RRB-.
By continuing to access or use the Services on or after the Effective Date of the revised Terms, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms.
We may make changes to these Terms from time.
Because we offer a variety of Services, you may be asked to agree to additional terms before using a specific product or service offered by Reddit-LRB-`` Additional Terms''-RRB-.
You also agree that we may remove metadata associated with Your Content, and you waive any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to Your Content.
 premium features, including Reddit Premium and Virtual Goods, which include Coins, may be available for purchase on certain of our Services.
If we make changes, we will post the amended Terms to our Services and update the Effective Date.