If you are a United States resident or make any claim against Rovio in the United States, you expressly agree that any legal claim, dispute or other controversy between you and Rovio arising out of or relating in any way to Services, including controversies relating to the applicability, enforceability or validity of any provision of these TOS or Rovio's Privacy Policy-LRB-`` Disputes''-RRB-, shall be resolved in confidential binding arbitration conducted before one commercial arbitrator from the American Arbitration Association-LRB-`` AAA''-RRB-, rather than.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Rovio-LRB- and Rovio's officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees-RRB- harmless from any claim, demand, damages or other losses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, asserted by any third-party resulting from or arising out of your use of the Services, or any breach by you of these TOS.
You agree that you have no right or title in or to any content that appears, including, but not limited to, the Virtual Items or currency appearing in or originating from the Services, whether earned in the Services or purchased from Rovio or third parties.
In no way will Rovio be liable for special, incidental or consequential damages resulting from access, use or malfunction of the Services, including but not limited to, damages to property, loss of goodwill, device failure or malfunction and, to the extent permitted by law, damages for personal injuries, property damage, lost profits or punitive damages from any causes of action arising out of or related to these TOS or the Services, whether arising in tort, contract, strict liability or and whether or not Rovio has been advised.
In exchange for use of the Services, you hereby grant Rovio a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, fully transferable and sub-licensable worldwide right and license to use your User Contributions in any way and for any purposes including, but not limited to, the right to reproduce, copy, adapt, modify, perform, display, publish, broadcast, transmit, or communicate to the public by any current or future means and to distribute your User Contributions without any further notice or compensation to you.
In no way will Rovio's total aggregate liability arising out of or in connection with these TOS, the Privacy Notice or the Services exceed the higher of:-LRB- i-RRB- the actual price you paid for the license to use Virtual Items; or-LRB- ii-RRB- one hundred euros.
Without limiting any other remedies available to Rovio, if Rovio believes that you are in breach of these TOS, Rovio reserves the right to take any of the following actions, whether, and either with or without notice to you:-LRB- i-RRB- delete, suspend and/or modify your Account or parts of your Account;-LRB- ii-RRB- limit, suspend and/or terminate your access to the Services;-LRB- iii-RRB- modify and/or remove any of your Virtual Items;-LRB- iv-RRB- reset and/or modify any game progression or benefits and privileges associated, such as any level or score you have reached in the Services.
If you believe the Services or any of its content infringes your copyrights send a notice to: Rovio Entertainment Corporation, Legal Department, Keilaranta 7, 02150 Espoo, Finland or alternatively via email to: legal@rovio.com.
Where not prohibited by law, you hereby waive any moral rights of paternity, publication, reputation, or attribution with respect to Rovio's and other players' use and enjoyment of your User Contributions in connection with the Services and related goods and services under applicable law.
Make available through the Services any material or information that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, right of privacy, right of publicity, or other right, or which impersonates any other person, including, but not limited to, a Rovio employee, director or officer.
These terms-LRB-`` TOS''-RRB- apply to you and Rovio Entertainment Corporation, address Keilaranta 7, 02150 Espoo, Finland,-LRB-`` Rovio''-RRB- regarding your use of Rovio's games, websites, discussion forums and related services-LRB-`` Services''-RRB-.
You understand that when you provide data to such third parties you are providing it in accordance with their privacy policy and you understand Rovio's Privacy Notice does not apply in relation to such data.
Rovio will provide 30-days' notice of any changes to this Section`` Binding arbitration/ Class waiver'' through the Services or.
You agree that such Unsolicited Content may be used and exploited by Rovio without compensation to you or any third party and you grant Rovio a perpetual, non-exclusive, irrevocable, fully paid, royalty free, sub-licensable and transferable worldwide license to use, exploit, reproduce, transmit, amend, display and exhibit Unsolicited Content in all current or future media and to create derivative works based upon the Unsolicited Content.
Rovio may limit, suspend or terminate the Services, or portions, and take technical and legal steps to prevent users from accessing the Services if Rovio believes they are creating risk or possible legal liabilities, infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, or not acting in accordance with the letter or spirit of these TOS.
If at any time Rovio chooses, at its sole discretion, to monitor the Services, Rovio nonetheless assumes no responsibility for content made available by users of the Services.
Unless authorized by law, attempt to decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or hack any of the Services, or to defeat or overcome any of the encryption technologies or security measures or data transmitted, processed or stored by Rovio, or to obtain any information from the Services using any method not permitted by Rovio.
In such an event, unless required by applicable law, Rovio does not have to provide refunds for Virtual Items or other items in connection with such discontinued Services.
The Services may allow you to create content, including, but not limited to, gameplay maps, characters, screenshots or videos-LRB- collectively`` User Contributions''-RRB-.
You agree that any claim or dispute you may file against Rovio must be resolved exclusively by a court located.
You may not assign or delegate any rights or obligations under these TOS or the Privacy Notice without Rovio's prior written consent.
Except where you opt out, and except for certain types of disputes described in Section 8, you agree that any disputes arising between you and Rovio will be resolved, individual arbitration and you waive your right to participate in any class-action lawsuit or class-wide arbitration.
You acknowledge and consent that the provision of Virtual Items for use in the Services is a process that commences upon purchase and that you forfeit your right of cancelation once the process has commenced.
For purposes of Article 12`` Limitations of Liability,'' Rovio's licensors and other partners are third-party beneficiaries to the limitations of liability specified herein and may enforce these TOS.
When Rovio updates these TOS, Rovio will take appropriate measures to inform you via the Services or otherwise, in accordance with the significance of the changes Rovio makes.
This TOS and Privacy Notice set out the entire agreement between you and Rovio regarding the Services and supersede agreements and understandings between you and Rovio.
Rovio may utilize technology to monitor and/or record your interactions with the Services or communications-LRB- including, but not limited to, chat text-RRB- when you are using the Services.
Unless authorized by law, the Services may not be copied, reproduced or distributed in any manner or medium, in whole or in part, without Rovio's prior written consent.
If the jurisdiction of your domicile prohibits Rovio from enforcing the governing law provision, nothing in these TOS limits your rights.
Rovio assumes no responsibility for the conduct of other users of the Services and assumes no responsibility for monitoring the Services for inappropriate content or conduct.
If you do, neither you nor Rovio can require the other to participate in an arbitration proceeding.
Engage in any act that Rovio deems to conflict with the spirit or intent of the Services or make improper use of Rovio's support services.
Rovio may link to third-party websites or services from the Services.
If you do not agree to these TOS, you may not use or access the Services.
If you access the Services from a social networking site, such as Facebook, you agree to comply with its terms of service as well as these TOS.
Use the Services in violation of any applicable law or regulation.
Rovio retains all right, title and interest in and to the Services, including.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services, to accounts registered to others or to the computers, servers, or networks connected to the Services by any means other than the user interface provided by Rovio, including, attempting to circumvent or modify, or encouraging or assisting any other person to circumvent or modify, any security, technology, device, encryption, or software that is part of the Services.
Rovio may license to you certain virtual goods to be used within the Service and which you may purchase or which you may earn or redeem via gameplay-LRB-`` Virtual Items''-RRB-.
If you ask for your personal data to be deleted as described in Rovio's Privacy Notice, you will forfeit all of your Virtual Items without the right to refund, as Rovio will be able associate such Virtual Items with you.
You understand that Rovio makes no promises regarding any content, goods or services provided by such third parties.
Use of the Services is governed by Rovio's Privacy Notice available at https://www.rovio.com/privacy, which is incorporated by reference.
Any failure by Rovio to exercise or enforce any under these TOS does not waive its right to enforce such right.
You and Rovio agree that there is no right or authority for any dispute to be arbitrated on a class-action basis or to utilize class action procedures.
Rovio also reserves the right in its sole and exclusive discretion to assume responsibility for all arbitration costs imposed.
You acknowledge that you will not receive money or other compensation for unused Virtual Items, regardless of whether your loss of license under these TOS was voluntary or involuntary.
To opt out, you must notify Rovio in writing within 30 days of the date that you became subject to this arbitration provision.
 you agree that Rovio is not required to provide a refund for Virtual Items for any reason.
Rovio's failure to enforce any right or provision of these TOS will not be deemed a waiver.
If you are a resident outside the United States, you agree that all disputes between you and Rovio shall be governed by the laws of Finland, regardless of conflict.