This Privacy & Cookie Policy describes our practices concerning the personal information collected through our websites, including Dictionary.com and Thesaurus.com and any related Dictionary products and services including the Dictionary.com mobile app available here and explains why explains how cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, clear gifs, and other similar files or technologies may be used to collect and store the information automatically collected about your computer, device, and Service usage and how you can control the use of these technologies.

By using the Services, you consent to our collection and use of your information as described in this Privacy & Cookie Policy.

Except in connection with updates that materially change the ways in which we process your information, your continued use of the Services after our posting of changes to this Privacy & Cookie Policy means that you agree to be bound by such changes.

Third parties whose products or services are accessible or advertised through the Services, including social networking services, may also use cookies or similar tools, and we advise you to check their privacy policies for information about their cookies and other practices.

Exercising our rights: We may use your personal information to exercise our legal rights where it is necessary to do so, for example to detect, prevent and respond to fraud claims, intellectual property infringement claims or violations of law or our Terms of Service.

Service Providers: We may share your information with vendors who provide services on our behalf such as voice transcription, email messaging, customer service, trouble shooting, survey providers, video players.

We may also transfer data to the U.S. under the Privacy Shield framework which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the EU and the US. CONTACT INFORMATION. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy & Cookie Policy or the manner in which your information is processed or would like to submit a request to us, please contact:Dictionary.com, LLCOffice of Data Protection.