


Atlassian Cloud Terms of Service


Effective starting: November 1, 2018 


Thanks for using Atlassian’s Cloud Products!  These Atlassian Cloud Terms of Service (these
      “Terms”) describe your rights and responsibilities as a customer of our Cloud Products. As
      applicable to the specific Cloud Product, if you are being invited or added to a Cloud Product set up by an
      Atlassian customer, the User Notice governs your access and use of the
      Cloud Product (and not these Terms).  These Terms are between you and the Atlassian entity that owns or
      operates the Cloud Product that you are using or accessing listed here (“Atlassian”, “we”
      or “us”).  “You” means the entity you represent in accepting these Terms
      or, if that does not apply, you individually.  If you are accepting on behalf of your employer or another
      entity, you represent and warrant that: (i) you have full legal authority to bind your employer or such entity to
      these Terms; (ii) you have read and understand these Terms; and (iii) you agree to these Terms on behalf of the
      party that you represent. If you don’t have the legal authority to bind your employer or the applicable entity
      please do not click “I agree” (or similar button or checkbox) that is presented to you.  PLEASE NOTE
        THAT IF YOU SIGN UP FOR A CLOUD PRODUCT USING AN EMAIL ADDRESS FROM YOUR EMPLOYER OR ANOTHER ENTITY, THEN (A)
        YOU WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT SUCH PARTY, (B) YOUR CLICK TO ACCEPT WILL BIND YOUR EMPLOYER OR THAT ENTITY TO
        THESE TERMS, AND (C) THE WORD “YOU” IN THESE TERMS WILL REFER TO YOUR EMPLOYER OR THAT ENTITY.
These Terms are effective as of the date you first click “I agree” (or similar button or checkbox) or
          use or access a Cloud Product, whichever is earlier (the “Effective Date”). These Terms do not have to be
          signed in order to be binding. You indicate your assent to these Terms by clicking “I agree” (or similar
          button or checkbox) at the time you register for a Cloud Product, create a Cloud Product account, or place an
          Order. For No-Charge Products, you also indicate your assent to these Terms by accessing or using the
          applicable No-Charge Product.  


1. What these Terms cover.
1.1. Cloud Products. These Terms govern our Cloud Products, related Support, and
      Additional Services. These Terms include Our Policies (including our Privacy
        Policy), the Product-Specific Terms, and your Orders.
1.2. Product-Specific Terms. Some Cloud Products may be subject to additional
      terms specific to that product as set forth in the Product-Specific Terms. By accessing or using a product covered
      by the Product-Specific Terms, you also agree to the Product-Specific Terms.
1.3. Software Products Not Covered. These Terms do not apply to our downloadable
      software products (currently designated as “Server” and “Data Center” deployments), use of which requires a
      separate license agreement with us. For clarity, however, any client software (e.g., a desktop or mobile
      application) we provide as part of the Cloud Products themselves remains subject to these Terms.
2. How Cloud Products are administered.
2.1. Administrators. Through the Cloud Products, you may be able to specify certain End
      Users as Administrators, who will have important rights and controls over your use of Cloud Products and End User
      Accounts. This may include making Orders for Cloud Products or enabling Apps (which may incur fees); creating,
      de-provisioning, monitoring or modifying End User Accounts, and setting End User usage permissions; and managing
      access to Your Data by End Users or others. Administrators may also take over management of accounts previously
      registered using an email address belonging to your domain (which become “managed accounts”, as described in our
      Documentation). Without limiting Section 2.4 (Responsibility for End Users), which fully applies to
      Administrators, you are responsible for whom you allow to become Administrators and any actions they take,
      including as described above. You agree that our responsibilities do not extend to the internal management or
      administration of the Cloud Products for you.
2.2. Reseller as Administrator. If you order Cloud Products through a Reseller, then
      you are responsible for determining whether the Reseller may serve as an Administrator and for any related rights
      or obligations in your applicable agreement with the Reseller.  As between you and Atlassian, you are solely
      responsible for any access by Reseller to your accounts or your other End User Accounts.
2.3. End User Consent. You will provide all required disclosures to and will
      obtain and maintain all required consents from End Users to allow: (i) Administrators to have the access described
      in these Terms and the Privacy Policy; and (ii) Atlassian’s provision of the
      Cloud Products to Administrators and End Users. You will provide evidence of such consents upon our reasonable
      request. 
2.4. Responsibility for End Users. Our Cloud Products have various user onboarding
      flows. Some Cloud Products require users to be designated by Administrators; some allow users to sign up for
      individual accounts which can become associated with teams or organizations at a later time; and some may allow
      users to invite other users. You are responsible for understanding the settings and controls for each Cloud
      Product you use and for controlling whom you allow to become an End User. If payment is required for End Users to
      use or access a Cloud Product, then we are only required to provide the Cloud Products to those End Users for whom
      you have paid the applicable fees, and only such End Users are permitted to access and use the Cloud Products.
      Some Cloud Products may allow you to designate different types of End Users (for example, Jira Service Desk
      distinguishes between “agents” and “customers”), in which case pricing and functionality may vary according to the
      type of End User. You are responsible for compliance with these Terms by all End Users, including for any payment
      obligations. Please note that you are responsible for the activities of all your End Users, including Orders they
      may place and how End Users use Your Data, even if those End Users are not from your organization or domain. We
      may display our User Notice to End Users at sign up, account creation, Cloud
      Product registration, or in-product. If you use single sign-on (SSO) for identity management of your Cloud
      Product(s) such that End Users will bypass these screens and our User Notice, you
      are responsible for displaying our User Notice to End Users and for any
      damages resulting from your failure to do so.
2.5. Credentials. You must require that all End Users keep their user IDs and
      passwords for the Cloud Products strictly confidential and do not share such information with any unauthorized
      person. User IDs are granted to individual, named persons and may not be shared. You are responsible for any and
      all actions taken using End User Accounts and passwords, and you agree to immediately notify us of any
      unauthorized use of which you become aware.
2.6. Age Requirement for End Users. The Cloud Products are not intended for,
      and should not be used by, anyone under the age of 16. You are responsible for ensuring that all End Users are at
      least 16 years old.
2.7. Domain Name Ownership. Where you are required to specify a domain for the
      operation of a Cloud Product or certain Cloud Product features, we may verify that you own or control that domain.
      If you do not own or control the domain you specify, then we will have no obligation to provide you with the Cloud
      Product or Cloud Product features.
3. What's included in your Cloud Product subscriptions; what are the restrictions.
3.1. Access to Cloud Products. Subject to these Terms and during the applicable
      Subscription Term, you may access and use the Cloud Products for your own business purposes or personal use, as
      applicable, all in accordance with these Terms, the applicable Order and the Documentation. This includes the
      right, as part of your authorized use of the Cloud Products, to download and use the client software associated
      with the Cloud Products. The rights granted to you in this Section 3.1 are non-exclusive, non-


