User Instructions:
Keep all co-players and audiences in mind when chatting.
Be courteous and considerate of everybody.
Do not bully or harass other players.

Protects Everybody:
No hate speech of any kind is allowed.

User Rights (Negative):
You agree to not use the service to submit or link to any content which is defamatory, abusive, hateful, threatening, libelious, spam or spam-like, likely to offend, contains adult, nudity or objectionable content, contains personal information of others, or is racially, sexually, religiously, or other objectionable or offensive, risks copyright infringement, encourages unlawful activity, or otherwise violates any laws.
At our discretion, our representative or technology may monitor and/or record your interaction with the service or communications (including without limitation chat text) when you are using the Service.
You are granting us with a non-exclusive, permanent, irrevocable, unlimited license to use, publish, or re-publish your content in connection with the service.
You acknowledge and agree that you have no expectation of privacy concerning the transmission of any content, including without limitation chat text or voice communications.
You will fully cooperate with us to investigate any suspected unlawful, fraudulent or improper activity, including, without limitation, granting us access to any password-protected portions of your account.
By accepting these Rules, you hereby provide your irrevocable consent to such monitoring and recording.

User Rights (Positive):
You retain copyright over the content.
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users and any other parties with whom you interact through the service.

Company Rights (Positive):
We reserve the right to remove or modify any content submitted for any reason without explanation.
We reserve the right to take action against any account with the service at any time.
If we would monitor the service, we still assume no responsibility for user content and assume no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate user content.
We have the right, but not the obligation, in our sole discretion to edit, refuse to post, or remove any user content.
We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to become involved in any way with these disputes.
All content you submit or upload may be reviewed by the staff members or sent to third-party verification services (including, but not limited to, spam prevention services).
Requests for content to be removed or modified will be undertaken only at our discretion.

Protects company:
Attempt to, or harass, abuse, or harm, or advocate of incite harassment, abuse, or harm of another person, group, including Rovio employees, including its customer service representatives is violation of theses Rules.
If you have a dispute with one or more users, you release us (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.

Warnings:
We do not, and cannot, pre-screen or monitor all content submitted to the service.
Your use of the service is at your own risk.
By using the Service, you may be exposed to user content that is offensive, indecent of otherwise not in line with your expectations, again at your risk.

Summarizebot https://www.summarizebot.com/api/99fac7a670cd4df182105a381da679df.html
:
These terms of service (“TOS”) apply to you and Rovio Entertainment Corporation, address Keilaranta 7, 02150 Espoo, Finland, ("Rovio”) regarding your use of Rovio´s games, websites, discussion forums and related services ("Services").

For United States residents, these TOS contain a binding arbitration clause in Article 8 and a class-action waiver that affects your rights about how to resolve disputes.

Unless otherwise specified by a component of an applicable Service, the Services are free to use or download but may contain features that may allow you to make purchases within the Services.

If you access the Services from a social networking site ("SNS"), such as Facebook, you agree to comply with its terms of service as well as these TOS.

You agree that you have no right or title in or to any content that appears in the Service, including, but not limited to, the Virtual Items or currency appearing in or originating from the Services, whether earned in the Services or purchased from Rovio or third parties.

Rovio may license to you certain virtual goods to be used within the Service and which you may purchase with "real world" money or which you may earn or redeem via gameplay ("Virtual Items").

You agree that you will not, under any circumstances: Services may include links to third-party services (including, but not limited to, advertisements displayed by third parties) and/or the third-party services may be made available to you via Services.

These services may include, but are not limited to gameplay recording and sharing, social media connectivity and advertisements.

These services are subject to respective third party terms and conditions.

Please read these third-party terms and conditions, carefully as they constitute an agreement between you and the relevant third-party service provider to which Rovio is not a party.

Rovio reserves the right to delete your Account if Rovio observes no activity by you in relation to the Account for 180 days or more.

Rovio assumes no responsibility for the conduct of other users of the Services and assumes no responsibility for monitoring the Services for inappropriate content or conduct.

Rovio may utilize technology to monitor and/or record your interactions with the Services or communications (including, but not limited to, chat text) when you are using the Services.

If at any time Rovio chooses, at its sole discretion, to monitor the Services, Rovio nonetheless assumes no responsibility for content made available by users of the Services, and Rovio assumes no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate content.

Rovio also reserves the right in its sole and exclusive discretion to assume responsibility for all arbitration costs imposed by the AAA.

For more information on AAA, its Rules and Procedures, and how to file an arbitration claim, you may call AAA at 800-778-7879 or visit the AAA website at www.adr.org.

To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter to: Rovio Entertainment Corporation, ATTN: Legal Department, Keilaranta 7, 02150 Espoo, Finland requesting arbitration and describing your claim.

Rovio may limit, suspend or terminate the Services, or portions thereof, and take technical and legal steps to prevent users from accessing the Services if Rovio believes they are creating risk or possible legal liabilities, infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, or not acting in accordance with the letter or spirit of these TOS.

Rovio does not warrant against interference with your enjoyment of the Services; that the Services will meet your requirements; that operation of the Services will be uninterrupted or error-free; that the Services will interoperate or be compatible with any other services; or, that any errors in the Services will be corrected.

Notices sent to the specified address will reach Rovio´s registered DMCA agent.

Rovio may link to third-party websites or services from the Services.

You understand that Rovio makes no promises regarding any content, goods or services provided by such third parties and, you understand Rovio does not endorse them.

When Rovio updates these TOS, Rovio will take appropriate measures to inform you via the Services or otherwise, in accordance with the significance of the changes Rovio makes.

If you are a resident outside the United States, you agree that all disputes between you and Rovio shall be governed by the laws of Finland, regardless of conflict of law provisions.

You agree that any claim or dispute you may file against Rovio must be resolved exclusively by a court located in Espoo, Finland.

If the jurisdiction of your domicile prohibits Rovio from enforcing the governing law provision, nothing in these TOS limits your rights based on the laws governing your domicile.

This TOS and Privacy Notice set out the entire agreement between you and Rovio regarding the Services and supersede all earlier agreements and understandings between you and Rovio.
