An Alexa Enabled Product and internet connection are required to access and use Alexa.
Alexa streams audio to the cloud when you interact with Alexa.
Amazon processes and retains your Alexa Interactions, such as your voice inputs, music playlists, and your Alexa to-do and shopping lists, in the cloud to provide, personalize, and improve our services.
You authorize us (without notice to you, unless required by applicable law) to collect the subscription price and any taxes using any payment method we have on record for you.
Alexa also allows you to make donations to eligible charities by voice.
When you make a donation, Amazon Pay will process the donation using your default Amazon payment settings and will share your name, address, and email with the charity.
Alexa can automatically recognize the voices of users in your household over time to improve personalization of certain Alexa features.
You can also create a voice profile, so Alexa can call you by name and do more to personalize your experience.
When Alexa recognizes your voice automatically, or when you create a voice profile, Alexa uses recordings of your voice to create an acoustic model of your voice characteristics.
You can turn off automatic voice recognition or delete any voice profile you’ve created.
If you use a Third Party Service, we may exchange related information with that service, such as your ZIP code when you ask for the weather, your custom music stations, information about your Auxiliary Products, or the content of your requests.
We do not guarantee that Alexa or its functionality or content (including traffic, health, or stock information) is accurate, reliable, always available, or complete.
You may encounter content through Alexa that you find offensive, indecent, or objectionable.
Alexa is operated in the United States.
We may restrict access to Alexa from other locations.
In case of such termination, Amazon may immediately revoke your access to Alexa without refund of any fees.
Amazon's failure to insist upon or enforce your strict compliance with this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of any of its rights.
By using Alexa, you agree to be bound by those terms.
Amazon processes and retains your Alexa Interactions and related information in the cloud in order to respond to your requests (e.g., “Send a message to Mom”), to provide additional functionality (e.g., speech to text transcription and vice versa), and to improve our services.
Other users who know your contact details will be able to contact you using Alexa Communication.
Amazon will periodically import and store your contacts to improve your Alexa Communication experience.
Amazon uses information about your contacts and connections, including who you communicate with the most, to provide and improve our services.
Alexa Communication are not a replacement for traditional two-way telephone or mobile phone service, and do not function as such.
You acknowledge that you cannot use Alexa Communication to access emergency services, such as 911.
Alexa Communication are not designed or intended to be used to send or receive emergency communications to any police, fire department, hospital, or any other service that connects a user to a public safety answering point.
You should ensure you can contact your relevant emergency services providers through a mobile, landline telephone, or other service.
If you grant Drop In permission to yourself, anyone in your household also receives Drop In permission; and if you grant Drop In permission to a contact, anyone in that contact’s household also receives Drop In permission.
Users with Drop In permission may see an indicator to let them know if your device has been recently active.
This indicator is based on your Alexa Interactions, and motion sensors on Echo Show.
