These Terms of Use govern your use of Instagram and provide information about the Instagram Service, outlined below.
When you create an Instagram account or use Instagram, you agree to these terms.
The Service is made up of the following aspects (the Service)
:Offering personalized opportunities to create, connect, communicate, discover, and share.
We also have teams and systems that work to combat abuse and violations of our Terms and policies, as well as harmful and deceptive behavior.
We also may share information about misuse or harmful content with other Facebook Companies or law enforcement.
Instagram is part of the Facebook Companies, which share technology, systems, insights, and information-including the information we have about you (learn more in the Data Policy) in order to provide services that are better, safer, and more secure.
To provide our global Service, we must store and transfer data across our systems around the world, including outside of your country of residence.
This infrastructure may be owned or operated by Facebook Inc., Facebook Ireland Limited, or their affiliates.
We use data from Instagram and other Facebook Company Products, as well as from third-party partners, to show you ads, offers, and other sponsored content that we believe will be meaningful to you.
You must be at least 13 years old.
We must not have previously disabled your account for violation of law or any of our policies.
You must not be a convicted sex offender.
You can't impersonate others or provide inaccurate information.
You don't have to disclose your identity on Instagram, but you must provide us with accurate and up to date information (including registration information).
Also, you may not impersonate someone you aren't, and you can't create an account for someone else unless you have their express permission.
You can't do anything unlawful, misleading, or fraudulent or for an illegal or unauthorized purpose.
You can't do anything to interfere with or impair the intended operation of the Service.
You can't attempt to create accounts or access or collect information in unauthorized ways.
You can't attempt to buy, sell, or transfer any aspect of your account (including your username) or solicit, collect, or use login credentials or badges of other users.
You can't post private or confidential information or do anything that violates someone else's rights, including intellectual property.
You can't use a domain name or URL in your username without our prior written consent.
We do not claim ownership of your content, but you grant us a license to use it.
Nothing is changing about your rights in your content.
Instead, when you share, post, or upload content that is covered by intellectual property rights (like photos or videos) on or in connection with our Service, you hereby grant to us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide license to host, use, distribute, modify, run, copy, publicly perform or display, translate, and create derivative works of your content (consistent with your privacy and application settings).
You can end this license anytime by deleting your content or account.
However, content will continue to appear if you shared it with others and they have not deleted it.
You give us permission to show your username, profile picture, and information about your actions (such as likes) or relationships (such as follows) next to or in connection with accounts, ads, offers, and other sponsored content that you follow or engage with that are displayed on Facebook Products, without any compensation to you.
For example, we may show that you liked a sponsored post created by a brand that has paid us to display its ads on Instagram.
As with actions on other content and follows of other accounts, actions on sponsored content and follows of sponsored accounts can be seen only by people who have permission to see that content or follow.
If you select a username or similar identifier for your account, we may change it if we believe it is appropriate or necessary (for example, if it infringes someone's intellectual property or impersonates another user).
If you use content covered by intellectual property rights that we have and make available in our Service (for example, images, designs, videos, or sounds we provide that you add to content you create or share), we retain all rights to our content (but not yours).
We can remove any content or information you share on the Service if we believe that it violates these Terms of Use, our policies (including our Instagram Community Guidelines), or we are permitted or required to do so by law.
Content you delete may persist for a limited period of time in backup copies and will still be visible where others have shared it.
If you use certain other features or related services, you will be provided with an opportunity to agree to additional terms that will also become a part of our agreement.
If any of those terms conflict with this agreement, those other terms will govern.
If any aspect of this agreement is unenforceable, the rest will remain in effect.
Any amendment or waiver to our agreement must be in writing and signed by us.
If we fail to enforce any aspect of this agreement, it will not be a waiver.
You cannot transfer your rights or obligations under this agreement without our consent.
We also don’t control what people and others do or say, and we aren’t responsible for their (or your) actions or conduct (whether online or offline) or content (including unlawful or objectionable content).
We also aren’t responsible for services and features offered by other people or companies, even if you access them through our Service.
You agree that we won't be responsible ("liable") for any lost profits, revenues, information, or data, or consequential, special, indirect, exemplary, punitive, or incidental damages arising out of or related to these Terms, even if we know they are possible.
You agree to defend (at our request), indemnify and hold us harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and costs, arising out of or in any way connected with these Terms or your use of the Service.
You will cooperate as required by us in the defense of any claim.
Class actions and class arbitrations are not permitted; you and we may bring a claim only on your own behalf and cannot seek relief that would affect other Instagram users.
Instead of using arbitration, you or we can bring claims in your local "small claims" court, if the rules of that court will allow it.
If you don't bring your claims in small claims court (or if you or we appeal a small claims court judgment to a court of general jurisdiction), then the claims must be resolved by binding, individual arbitration.
You and we expressly waive a trial by jury.
You can opt out of this provision within 30 days of the date that you agreed to these Terms.
To opt out, you must send your name, residence address, username, email address or phone number you use for your Instagram account, and a clear statement that you want to opt out of this arbitration agreement, and you must send them here: Facebook, Inc. ATTN: Instagram Arbitration Opt-out, 1601 Willow Rd., Menlo Park, CA 94025.
Before you commence arbitration of a claim, you must provide us with a written Notice of Dispute that includes your name, residence address, username, email address or phone number you use for your Instagram account, a detailed description of the dispute, and the relief you seek.
Any Notice of Dispute you send to us should be mailed to Facebook, Inc., ATTN: Instagram Arbitration Filing, 1601 Willow Rd.
Menlo Park, CA 94025.
If we are unable to resolve a dispute within thirty (30) days after the Notice of Dispute is received, you or we may commence arbitration.
We will pay all arbitration filing fees, administration and hearing costs, and arbitrator fees for any arbitration we bring or if your claims seek less than $75,000 and you timely provided us with a Notice of Dispute.
For all other claims, the costs and fees of arbitration shall be allocated in accordance with the arbitration provider's rules, including rules regarding frivolous or improper claims.
For any claim that is not arbitrated or resolved in small claims court, you agree that it will be resolved exclusively in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California or a state court located in San Mateo County.
We always appreciate feedback or other suggestions, but may use them without any restrictions or obligation to compensate you for them, and are under no obligation to keep them confidential.
