By accessing or using our Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms.
Children under the age of 13 are not allowed to create an account or otherwise use the Services.
In addition, certain of our Services or portions of our Services require you to be older than 13 years of age, so please read all notices and any Additional Terms carefully when you access the Services.
We reserve the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Services (in whole or in part) at any time, with or without notice to you.
To use certain features of our Services, you may be required to create a Reddit account (an "Account") and provide us with a username, password, and certain other information about yourself as set forth in the Privacy Policy.
You are solely responsible for the information associated with Your Account and anything that happens related to Your Account.
You must maintain the security of your Account and promptly notify Reddit if you discover or suspect that someone has accessed your Account without your permission.
You will not license, sell, or transfer your Account without our prior written approval.
We take no responsibility for and we do not expressly or implicitly endorse any of Your Content.
Because you alone are responsible for Your Content, you may expose yourself to liability if you post or share Content without all necessary rights.
When Your Content is created with or submitted to the Services, you grant us a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, transferable, and sublicensable license to use, copy, modify, adapt, prepare derivative works from, distribute, perform, and display Your Content and any name, username, voice, or likeness provided in connection with Your Content in all media formats and channels now known or later developed.
You also agree that we may remove metadata associated with Your Content, and you irrevocably waive any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to Your Content.
Any ideas, suggestions, and feedback about Reddit or our Services that you provide to us are entirely voluntary, and you agree that Reddit may use such ideas, suggestions, and feedback without compensation or obligation to you.
Although we have no obligation to screen, edit, or monitor Your Content, we may, in our sole discretion, delete or remove Your Content at any time and for any reason, including for a violation of these Terms, a violation of our Content Policy, or if you otherwise create liability for us.
The type, degree, and targeting of advertisements are subject to change, and you acknowledge and agree that we may place advertisements in connection with the display of any Content or information on the Services, including Your Content.
If you choose to use the Services to conduct a promotion, including a contest or sweepstakes, you alone are responsible for conducting the promotion in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
When accessing or using our Services, you will not:
Create or submit Content that violates our Content Policy or attempt to circumvent any content-filtering techniques we use;
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to another user’s Account or to the Services (or to other computer systems or networks connected to or used together with the Services);
Upload, transmit, or distribute to or through the Services any computer viruses, worms, or other software intended to interfere with the intended operation of a computer system or data;
Use the Services in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect, or inhibit other users from fully enjoying the Services or that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the functioning of the Services in any manner;
We are not responsible for actions taken by the moderators.
We recognize that moderation can take some work, so we may change the features or abilities associated with moderating from time to time without prior notice.
We reserve the right to revoke or limit a user’s ability to moderate at any time and for any reason or no reason, including for a breach of these Terms.
You may not represent that you are authorized to act on behalf of Reddit, Inc.;
There are no fees for use of many aspects of the Services.
However, premium features, including Reddit Premium and Virtual Goods, which include Coins, may be available for purchase on certain of our Services.
REDDIT DOES NOT CONTROL, ENDORSE, OR TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR LINKED TO THE SERVICES OR THE ACTIONS OF ANY THIRD PARTY OR USER, INCLUDING MODERATORS.
IN NO EVENT AND UNDER NO THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE, WILL THE REDDIT ENTITIES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR LOST PROFITS ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR THE SERVICES, INCLUDING THOSE ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO CONTENT MADE AVAILABLE ON THE SERVICES THAT IS ALLEGED TO BE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL.
Except for the government entities listed below: any claims arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Services will be governed by the laws of California, other than its conflict of laws rules; all disputes related to these Terms or the Services will be brought solely in the federal or state courts located in San Francisco, California; and you consent to personal jurisdiction in these courts.
If the changes, in our sole discretion, are material, we may also notify you by sending an email to the address associated with your Account (if you have chosen to provide an email address) or by otherwise providing notice through our Services.
If you stop using the Services without deactivating your Accounts, your Accounts may be deactivated due to prolonged inactivity.
You may not assign or transfer any of your rights or obligations under these Terms without our consent.
We may freely assign these Terms.
