Except where you opt out, and except for certain types of disputes described in Section 8, you agree that any disputes arising between you and Rovio will be resolved by binding, individual arbitration and you waive your right to participate in any class-action lawsuit or class-wide arbitration.
If you accept these TOS, you represent that you are age 13 or older.
Subject to these TOS, Rovio hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited right and license to use the Services for your personal, non-commercial use.
Rovio retains all right, title and interest in and to the Services, including, but not limited to, all copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, trade names, proprietary rights, patents, titles, computer codes, audiovisual effects, themes, characters, character names, stories, dialog, settings, artwork, sound effects, musical works, gameplay recordings made using the Services, moral rights, whether registered or not and all applications thereof.
Unless expressly authorized by law, the Services may not be copied, reproduced or distributed in any manner or medium, in whole or in part, without Rovio’s prior written consent.
You agree that you have no right or title in or to any content that appears in the Service, including, but not limited to, the Virtual Items or currency appearing in or originating from the Services, whether earned in the Services or purchased from Rovio or third parties.
Rovio may license to you certain virtual goods to be used within the Service and which you may purchase with "real world" money or which you may earn or redeem via gameplay ("Virtual Items").
Virtual Items do not have an equivalent value in real world money and are not a substitute for real world money.
Rovio is not liable for hacking or loss of your Virtual Items.
By law, all purchases and redemptions of Virtual Items made through the Services are final and non-refundable.
Accordingly, you agree that Rovio is not required to provide a refund for Virtual Items for any reason.
If you ask for your personal data to be deleted as described in Rovio’s Privacy Notice, you will permanently forfeit all of your Virtual Items without the right to refund, as Rovio will no longer be able associate such Virtual Items with you.
You agree that you will not, under any circumstances:
Use, either directly or indirectly, any cheats, exploits, automation software, bots, hacks, mods or any unauthorized third-party software designed to modify or interfere with the Services.
Use the Services for commercial purposes, including, but not limited to, to advertising, or solicitation, or transmission of any commercial advertisements such as spam emails, chain letters, pyramid or other get-rich-quick schemes.
Disrupt, interfere with or otherwise adversely affect the normal flow of the Services or otherwise act in a manner that may negatively affect other users' experience when using the Services.
Disrupt, overburden, or aid or assist in the disruption or overburdening of any computer or servers used to offer or support the Services.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services, to accounts registered to others or to the computers, servers, or networks connected to the Services by any means other than the user interface provided by Rovio, including, but not limited to, by circumventing or modifying, attempting to circumvent or modify, or encouraging or assisting any other person to circumvent or modify, any security, technology, device, encryption, or software that is part of the Services.
Post any information, content or other material (or post links to any information or content) that contains nudity, excessive violence or is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory, libelous, or racially, sexually, religiously offensive or otherwise objectionable.
Engage in ongoing toxic behavior, such as repeatedly posting information on an unsolicited basis.
Attempt to, or harass, abuse, or harm, or advocate or incite harassment, abuse, or harm of another person, group, including Rovio employees, directors, officers, and customer service representatives.
Make available through the Services any material or information that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, right of privacy, right of publicity, or other right of any person or entity, or which impersonates any other person, including, but not limited to, a Rovio employee, director or officer.
Unless specifically authorized by law, attempt to decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or hack any of the Services, or to defeat or overcome any of the encryption technologies or security measures or data transmitted, processed or stored by Rovio, or to obtain any information from the Services using any method not expressly permitted by Rovio.
Solicit or attempt to solicit login information or any other login credentials or personal information from other users of the Services.
Harvest, scrape or collect any information about or regarding other people that use the Services, including, but not limited to, through use of pixel tags, cookies, GIFs or similar items that are sometimes also referred to as spyware.
Post anyone's private information, including personally identifiable information/personal data (whether in text, image or video form), identification documents, or financial information through the Services.
You agree that you will not give your Login Information to anyone else or allow anyone else to use your Login Information or Account.
Rovio may assume that anyone logging into your Account using your Login Information is either you or someone logging in with your permission.
Rovio reserves the right to delete your Account if Rovio observes no activity by you in relation to the Account for 180 days or more.
In such event, you may no longer be able to access and/or use any Virtual Items associated with that Account and no refund will be offered to you.
In exchange for use of the Services, you hereby grant Rovio a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, fully transferable and sub-licensable worldwide right and license to use your User Contributions in any way and for any purposes including, but not limited to, the right to reproduce, copy, adapt, modify, perform, display, publish, broadcast, transmit, or otherwise communicate to the public by any current or future means and to distribute your User Contributions without any further notice or compensation to you of any kind.
Where not expressly prohibited by law, you hereby waive any moral rights of paternity, publication, reputation, or attribution with respect to Rovio's and other players' use and enjoyment of your User Contributions in connection with the Services and related goods and services under applicable law.
Please do not submit any Unsolicited Content to Rovio or its directors, officers or employees.
However, if you submit Unsolicited Content to us, you agree that such Unsolicited Content will not be treated as confidential, regardless of what you otherwise state in your accompanying message.
You further agree that such Unsolicited Content may be used and exploited by Rovio without compensation to you or any third party and you grant Rovio a perpetual, non-exclusive, irrevocable, fully paid, royalty free, sub-licensable and transferable (in whole or in part) worldwide license to use, exploit, reproduce, transmit, amend, display and exhibit Unsolicited Content in all current or future media for any purpose and to create derivative works based upon the Unsolicited Content.
By using the Services, you may be exposed to content or conduct that is offensive, indecent or otherwise not in line with your values.
Rovio may utilize technology to monitor and/or record your interactions with the Services or communications (including, but not limited to, chat text) when you are using the Services.
You irrevocably consent to such monitoring and recording.
Accordingly, you agree that you have no expectation of privacy concerning the transmission of any content within the Services, including, but not limited to, chat text or voice communications.
You acknowledge that you are voluntarily and knowingly forfeiting your right to a trial by jury and to otherwise proceed in a lawsuit in state or federal court.
Each party agrees to pay its own attorneys' fees and expenses unless there is a governing statutory provision that requires the prevailing party to be paid attorneys' fees and expenses.
The arbitration may be conducted in Los Angeles, California or, upon your request, in the city closest to you location where AAA maintains an office.
The arbitrator's award shall be final and binding on you and Rovio and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.
You may opt out of this obligation to arbitrate.
To opt out, you must notify Rovio in writing within 30 days of the date that you first became subject to this arbitration provision.
You must include your name and residence address and a clear statement that you want to opt out of this arbitration clause.
Without limiting any other remedies available to Rovio, if Rovio believes that you are in breach of these TOS, Rovio reserves the right to take any of the following actions, whether individually or in combination, and either with or without notice to you: (i) delete, suspend and/or modify your Account or parts of your Account; (ii) limit, suspend and/or terminate your access to the Services; (iii) modify and/or remove any of your Virtual Items; (iv) reset and/or modify any game progression or benefits and privileges associated with you, such as any level or score you have reached in the Services.
In no way will Rovio be liable for special, incidental or consequential damages resulting from access, use or malfunction of the Services, including but not limited to, damages to property, loss of goodwill, device failure or malfunction and, to the extent permitted by law, damages for personal injuries, property damage, lost profits or punitive damages from any causes of action arising out of or related to these TOS or the Services, whether arising in tort (including negligence), contract, strict liability or otherwise and whether or not Rovio has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Rovio’s failure to enforce any right or provision of these TOS will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision.
Any waiver of such rights shall only be effective if it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of Rovio.
