WE EXPLAIN SOME EXCEPTIONS AND HOW YOU CAN OPT OUT OF ARBITRATION BELOW.
The Service includes all of the Instagram products, features, applications, services, technologies, and software that we provide to advance Instagram's mission: To bring you closer to the people and things you love.
The Service is made up of the following aspects (the Service):
So we build systems that try to understand who and what you and others care about, and use that information to help you create, find, join, and share in experiences that matter to you.
Part of that is highlighting content, features, offers, and accounts you might be interested in, and offering ways for you to experience Instagram, based on things you and others do on and off Instagram.
A big part of our Service is creating and using cutting-edge technologies that help us personalize, protect, and improve our Service on an incredibly large scale for a broad global community.
Technologies like artificial intelligence and machine learning give us the power to apply complex processes across our Service.
Instagram is part of the Facebook Companies, which share technology, systems, insights, and information-including the information we have about you (learn more in the Data Policy) in order to provide services that are better, safer, and more secure.
We also provide ways to interact across the Facebook Company Products that you use, and designed systems to achieve a seamless and consistent experience across the Facebook Company Products.
To provide our global Service, we must store and transfer data across our systems around the world, including outside of your country of residence.
This infrastructure may be owned or operated by Facebook Inc., Facebook Ireland Limited, or their affiliates.
Connecting you with brands, products, and services in ways you care about.
We use data from Instagram and other Facebook Company Products, as well as from third-party partners, to show you ads, offers, and other sponsored content that we believe will be meaningful to you.
And we try to make that content as relevant as all your other experiences on Instagram.
We use the information we have to study our Service and collaborate with others on research to make our Service better and contribute to the well-being of our community.
Instead, when you share, post, or upload content that is covered by intellectual property rights (like photos or videos) on or in connection with our Service, you hereby grant to us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide license to host, use, distribute, modify, run, copy, publicly perform or display, translate, and create derivative works of your content (consistent with your privacy and application settings).
You give us permission to show your username, profile picture, and information about your actions (such as likes) or relationships (such as follows) next to or in connection with accounts, ads, offers, and other sponsored content that you follow or engage with that are displayed on Facebook Products, without any compensation to you.
