This is an agreement between you and Amazon Digital Services LLC (with its affiliates, "Amazon" or "we").
By using Alexa, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.
"Software" means all software that we make available to you for use in connection with Alexa.
"Third Party Service" means any service or application provided by a third party that we make available to you for use on or through Alexa.
You may use the Software only on or through an Alexa Enabled Product or Auxiliary Product, and you may only make personal and non-commercial use of Alexa.
Amazon processes and retains your Alexa Interactions, such as your voice inputs, music playlists, and your Alexa to-do and shopping lists, in the cloud to provide, personalize, and improve our services.
Alexa allows voice purchasing of physical and digital products and services, including subscriptions, from Amazon and other sellers using your default Amazon payment and shipping settings (an “Amazon-Processed Purchase”).
These settings may not apply to purchases that are not Amazon-Processed Purchases (such as when you provide a credit card directly to the provider of a Third-Party Service), and we are not a party to, and have no responsibility for, those purchases.
Amazon-Processed Purchases are subject to the Amazon.com Privacy Notice, Amazon.com Conditions of Use, and, in the case of a subscription, the terms for the applicable service.
If you make an Amazon-Processed Purchase of, or start a free trial for, a subscription, your subscription will automatically continue at the applicable subscription price at the end of the free trial period (if any) and each renewal period, unless you notify us before a charge that you want to cancel or do not want to automatically renew your subscription.
You can find more information about Amazon-Processed Purchases and donations in our Alexa and Alexa Device FAQs, including applicable terms, return and refund policies, and how to cancel subscriptions.
You can also create a voice profile, so Alexa can call you by name and do more to personalize your experience.
You can turn off automatic voice recognition or delete any voice profile you’ve created.
If you do not accept the third party terms applicable to a Third Party Service, do not use that Third Party Service.
Amazon has no responsibility or liability for Third Party Services.
Publishers of Third Party Services may change or discontinue the functionality or features of their Third Party Service.
Amazon has no responsibility or liability for such third party products or manufacturer-provided firmware.
This information may be stored on servers outside the country in which you live.
We will handle any information we receive in accordance with the Amazon.com Privacy Notice.
We do not guarantee that Alexa or its functionality or content (including traffic, health, or stock information) is accurate, reliable, always available, or complete.
Amazon has no responsibility or liability for such content.
We may change, suspend, or discontinue Alexa, or any part of it, at any time without notice.
Your continued use of Alexa after the effective date of the revised Agreement constitutes your acceptance of the terms.
We may restrict access to Alexa from other locations.
Your rights under this Agreement will automatically terminate without notice if you fail to comply with any of its terms.
Amazon's failure to insist upon or enforce your strict compliance with this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of any of its rights.
This schedule is part of the Alexa Terms of Use and you agree to these terms when you register for or use Alexa Communication.
Your messages, communications requests (e.g., “Alexa, call Mom”), and related interactions are “Alexa Interactions,” as described in the Alexa Terms of Use.
Alexa Communication are not a replacement for traditional two-way telephone or mobile phone service, and do not function as such.
The optional Drop In feature allows permissioned users to instantly connect to your Alexa Enabled Products for a voice or video chat without you needing to take any action.
Users with Drop In permission may see an indicator to let them know if your device has been recently active.
AMCS does not currently charge fees for Alexa Communication, but reserves the right to place limitations on use of certain services or features, including subscription or other fees.
You and/or the recipient of your calls or messages may be required to pay carrier fees for data usage.
