If you are accepting on behalf of your employer or another entity, you represent and warrant that: (i) you have full legal authority to bind your employer or such entity to these Terms; (ii) you have read and understand these Terms; and (iii) you agree to these Terms on behalf of the party that you represent.
You indicate your assent to these Terms by clicking “I agree” (or similar button or checkbox) at the time you register for a Cloud Product, create a Cloud Product account, or place an Order.
This may include making Orders for Cloud Products or enabling Apps (which may incur fees); creating, de-provisioning, monitoring or modifying End User Accounts, and setting End User usage permissions; and managing access to Your Data by End Users or others.
You agree that our responsibilities do not extend to the internal management or administration of the Cloud Products for you.
As between you and Atlassian, you are solely responsible for any access by Reseller to your accounts or your other End User Accounts.
You will provide all required disclosures to and will obtain and maintain all required consents from End Users to allow: (i) Administrators to have the access described in these Terms and the Privacy Policy; and (ii) Atlassian’s provision of the Cloud Products to Administrators and End Users.
If payment is required for End Users to use or access a Cloud Product, then we are only required to provide the Cloud Products to those End Users for whom you have paid the applicable fees, and only such End Users are permitted to access and use the Cloud Products.
Some Cloud Products may allow you to designate different types of End Users (for example, Jira Service Desk distinguishes between “agents” and “customers”), in which case pricing and functionality may vary according to the type of End User.
We may display our User Notice to End Users at sign up, account creation, Cloud Product registration, or in-product.
If you use single sign-on (SSO) for identity management of your Cloud Product(s) such that End Users will bypass these screens and our User Notice, you are responsible for displaying our User Notice to End Users and for any damages resulting from your failure to do so.
You are responsible for any and all actions taken using End User Accounts and passwords, and you agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of which you become aware.
Where you are required to specify a domain for the operation of a Cloud Product or certain Cloud Product features, we may verify that you own or control that domain.
Subject to these Terms and during the applicable Subscription Term, you may access and use the Cloud Products for your own business purposes or personal use, as applicable, all in accordance with these Terms, the applicable Order and the Documentation.
This includes the right, as part of your authorized use of the Cloud Products, to download and use the client software associated with the Cloud Products.
Except as otherwise expressly permitted in these Terms, you will not: (a) reproduce, modify, adapt or create derivative works of the Cloud Products; (b) rent, lease, distribute, sell, sublicense, transfer or provide access to the Cloud Products to a third party; (c) use the Cloud Products for the benefit of any third party; (d) incorporate any Cloud Products into a product or service you provide to a third party; (e) interfere with or otherwise circumvent mechanisms in the Cloud Products intended to limit your use; (f) reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, translate or otherwise seek to obtain or derive the source code, underlying ideas, algorithms, file formats or non-public APIs to any Cloud Products, except to the extent expressly permitted by applicable law (and then only upon advance notice to us); (g) remove or obscure any proprietary or other notices contained in any Cloud Product; (h) use the Cloud Products for competitive analysis or to build competitive products; (i) publicly disseminate information regarding the performance of the Cloud Products; or (j) encourage or assist any third party to do any of the foregoing.
Our security and data privacy policies.
We implement security procedures designed to help protect Your Data from security attacks.
We collect certain data and information about you and your End Users in connection with your and your End Users’ use of the Cloud Products and otherwise in connection with these Terms.
In order to do so, we use analytics techniques to better understand how our Cloud Products are being used.
Nothing in these Terms prevents us from disclosing Your Data to the extent required by law, subpoenas or court orders, but we will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you where permitted to do so.
Terms that apply to Your Data.
Subject to these Terms, and solely to the extent necessary to provide the Cloud Products to you, you grant us a worldwide, limited term license to access, use, process, copy, distribute, perform, export, and display Your Data.
We may also access your accounts, End User Accounts, and your Cloud Products with End User permission in order to respond to your support requests.
You represent and warrant that: (i) you have obtained all necessary rights, releases and permissions to submit all Your Data to the Cloud Products and to grant the rights granted to us in these Terms and (ii) Your Data and its submission and use as you authorize in these Terms will not violate (1) any Laws, (2) any third-party intellectual property, privacy, publicity or other rights, or (3) any of your or third-party policies or terms governing Your Data.
Other than our express obligations under Section 4 (Our security and data privacy policies), we assume no responsibility or liability for Your Data, and you are solely responsible for Your Data and the consequences of submitting and using it with the Cloud Products.
The Cloud Products are neither HIPAA nor PCI DSS compliant.
Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, we have no liability under these Terms for Sensitive Data.
Your Indemnity.
You will defend, indemnify and hold harmless us (and our Affiliates, officers, directors, agents and employees) from and against any and all claims, costs, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) resulting from any claim arising from or related to (i) your breach of Section 2.3 (End User Consent) or any claims or disputes brought by your End Users arising out of their use of Cloud Products, (ii) your breach (or alleged breach) of Sections 5.2 (Your Data Compliance Obligations) or 5.3 (No Sensitive Data); or (iii) Your Materials.
Nonetheless, if we deem such action necessary based on your violation of these Terms, including Our Policies, or in response to takedown requests that we receive following our guidelines for Reporting Copyright and Trademark Violations, we may (1) remove Your Data from the Cloud Products or (2) suspend your access to the Cloud Products.
We will use reasonable efforts to provide you with advance notice of removals and suspensions when practicable, but if we determine that your actions endanger the operation of the Cloud Product or other users, we may suspend your access or remove Your Data immediately without notice.
We have no liability to you for removing or deleting Your Data from or suspending your access to any Cloud Products as described in this Section 5.5.
Your receipt or use of any third party products or services (and the third parties’ use of any of Your Data) is subject to a separate agreement between you and the third party provider.
If you enable or use third party products or services with the Cloud Products (including Third Party Apps as referenced in Section 6.2 (Marketplace Apps)), we will allow the third party providers to access or use Your Data as required for the interoperation of their products and services with the Cloud Products.
Any third party provider’s use of Your Data is subject to the applicable agreement between you and such third party provider.
It is your responsibility to carefully review the agreement between you and the third party provider, as provided by the applicable third party provider.
As further described in the Atlassian Marketplace Terms of Use, the Atlassian Marketplace lists a variety of Apps that may be used with Cloud Products, including both Atlassian Apps and Third Party Apps.
Third Party Apps are not Cloud Products and remain subject to their own applicable Vendor Terms.
Subject to these Terms, you may purchase Additional Services that we will provide to you pursuant to the applicable Order.
Additional Services may be subject to additional policies and terms as specified by us, including the Enterprise Support and Services Policy.
You may use any of Our Deliverables provided to you only in connection with the Cloud Products, subject to the same usage rights and restrictions as for the Cloud Products.
We will use Your Materials solely for purposes of performing the Additional Services.
You represent and warrant that you have all necessary rights in Your Materials to provide them to us for such purposes.
Billing, renewals, and payment.
Except for No-Charge Products, all Cloud Products are offered either on a monthly subscription basis or an annual subscription basis.
You will provide any notice of non-renewal through the means we designate, which may include account settings in the Cloud Products or contacting our support team.
Cancelling your subscription means that you will not be charged for the next billing cycle, but you will not receive any refunds or credits for amounts that have already been charged.
All renewals are subject to the applicable Cloud Product continuing to be offered and will be charged at the then-current rates.
For Additional Services provided at any non-Atlassian location, unless otherwise specified in your Order, you will reimburse us for our pre-approved travel, lodging and meal expenses, which we may charge as incurred.
This termination and refund right applies only to your initial Order of the Cloud Product and only if you exercise your termination right within the period specified above, and does not apply to Additional Services.
Taxes not included.
You will pay all fees net of any applicable withholding taxes.
You will provide us reasonable evidence that you have paid the relevant authority for the sum withheld or deducted.
(a) Instead of paying us, you will pay the applicable amounts to the Reseller, as agreed between you and the Reseller.
We may suspend or terminate your rights to use Cloud Products if we do not receive the corresponding payment from the Reseller.
will be as stated in the Order placed with us by the Reseller on your behalf, and Reseller is responsible for the accuracy of any such Order as communicated to us.
(c) If you are entitled to a refund under these Terms, then unless we otherwise specify, we will refund any applicable fees to the Reseller and the Reseller will be solely responsible for refunding the appropriate amounts to you.
(d) Resellers are not authorized to modify these Terms or make any promises or commitments on our behalf, and we are not bound by any obligations to you other than as set forth in these Terms.
You agree that your purchases are not contingent on the delivery of any future functionality or features (including future availability of any Cloud Products beyond the current Subscription Term), or dependent on any oral or written public comments we make regarding future functionality or features.
Your use of No-Charge Products is subject to any additional terms that we specify and is only permitted during the Subscription Term we designate (or, if not designated, until terminated in accordance with these Terms).
Except as otherwise set forth in this Section 14, the terms and conditions of these Terms governing Cloud Products, including Section 3.3 (Restrictions), fully apply to No-Charge Products.
All information regarding the characteristics, features or performance of any No-Charge Products (including Beta Versions) constitutes our Confidential Information.
Cloud Products are made available on a limited access basis, and no ownership right is conveyed to you, irrespective of the use of terms such as “purchase” or “sale”.
We and our licensors have and retain all right, title and interest, including all intellectual property rights, in and to Our Technology (including the Cloud Products).
We may in connection with any of our products or services freely use, copy, disclose, license, distribute and exploit any Feedback in any manner without any obligation, royalty or restriction based on intellectual property rights or otherwise.
17.2.
17.3.
You may choose to stop using the Cloud Products and terminate these Terms (including all Orders) at any time for any reason upon written notice to us, but, unless you are exercising your right to terminate early pursuant to Section 10 (Our return policy), upon any such termination (i) you will not be entitled to a refund of any pre-paid fees and (ii) if you have not already paid all applicable fees for the then-current Subscription Term or related services period (as applicable), any such fees that are outstanding will become immediately due and payable.
17.4.
In no event will termination relieve you of your obligation to pay any fees payable to us for the period prior to the effective date of termination.
17.5.
The following provisions will survive any termination or expiration of these Terms: Sections 3.3 (Restrictions), 5.4 (Your Indemnity), 6.1 (Third-Party Products), 9.4 (Payment), 11 (Taxes not included), 14 (Evaluations, trials, and betas) (disclaimers and use restrictions only), 15 (IP Rights in the Cloud Products and Feedback), 16 (Confidentiality), 17 (Term and Termination), 18.4 (Warranty Disclaimer), 19 (Limitations of Liability), 20 (IP Indemnification) (but solely with respect to claims arising from your use of Cloud Products during the Subscription Term), 22 (Dispute Resolution) and 26 (General Provisions).
18 Warranties and Disclaimer.
18.1.
18.2.
18.3.
The Performance Warranty will not apply: (i) unless you make a claim within thirty (30) days of the date on which you first noticed the non-conformity, (ii) if the non-conformity was caused by misuse, unauthorized modifications or third-party products, software, services or equipment or (iii) to No-Charge Products.
WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DELAYS, INTERRUPTIONS, SERVICE FAILURES OR OTHER PROBLEMS INHERENT IN USE OF THE INTERNET AND ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS OR OTHER SYSTEMS OUTSIDE OUR REASONABLE CONTROL.
We will defend you against any claim brought against you by a third party alleging that the Cloud Products, when used as authorized under these Terms, infringe a patent right granted in the United States, Australia or a member nation of the European Union or a copyright registered in such a jurisdiction (a “Claim”), and we will indemnify you and hold you harmless against any damages and costs finally awarded on the Claim by a court of competent jurisdiction or agreed to via settlement executed by us (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), provided that we have received from you: (a) prompt written notice of the Claim (but in any event notice in sufficient time for us to respond without prejudice); (b) reasonable assistance in the defense and investigation of the Claim, including providing us a copy of the Claim, all relevant evidence in your possession, custody, or control, and cooperation with evidentiary discovery, litigation, and trial, including making witnesses within your employ or control available for testimony; and (c) the exclusive right to control and direct the investigation, defense, and settlement (if applicable) of the Claim.
Our indemnification obligations above do not apply: (1) if the total aggregate fees we receive with respect to your subscription to a Cloud Product in the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding the Claim is less than US$50,000; (2) if the Cloud Product is modified by any party other than us, but solely to the extent the alleged infringement is caused by such modification; (3) if the Cloud Product is used in combination with any non-Atlassian product, software, service or equipment, but solely to the extent the alleged infringement is caused by such combination; (4) to unauthorized use of Cloud Products; (5) to any Claim arising as a result of (y) Your Data or circumstances covered by your indemnification obligations in Section 5.4 (Your Indemnity) or (z) any third-party deliverables or components contained with the Cloud Products or (6) if you settle or make any admissions with respect to a Claim without our prior written consent.
We will promptly stop doing so upon your request sent to sales@atlassian.com.
Informal Resolution.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction.
Each party irrevocably agrees that any legal action, suit or proceeding arising out of or related to these Terms must be brought solely and exclusively in, and will be subject to the service of process and other applicable procedural rules of, the State or Federal court in San Francisco, California, USA, and each party irrevocably submits to the sole and exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts in San Francisco, California, USA, generally and unconditionally, with respect to any action, suit or proceeding brought by it or against it by the other party.
Exclusion of UN Convention and UCITA.
You shall not (and shall not allow any third-party to) remove or export from the United States or allow the export or re-export of any part of the Cloud Products or any direct product thereof: (a) into (or to a national or resident of) any embargoed or terrorist-supporting country; (b) to anyone on the U.S. Commerce Department’s Denied Persons, Entity, or Unverified Lists or the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals and Consolidated Sanctions list (collectively, “Prohibited Persons”); (c) to any country to which such export or re-export is restricted or prohibited, or as to which the United States government or any agency thereof requires an export license or other governmental approval at the time of export or re-export without first obtaining such license or approval; or (d) otherwise in violation of any export or import restrictions, laws or regulations of any United States or foreign agency or authority.
You agree not to use or provide the Cloud Products for any prohibited end use, including to support any nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons proliferation, or missile technology, without the prior permission of the United States government.
We may modify the terms and conditions of these Terms (including Our Policies) from time to time, with notice to you in accordance with Section 26.1 (Notices) or by posting the modified Terms on our website.
If the effective date of such modifications is during your then-current Subscription Term and you object to the modifications, then (as your exclusive remedy) you may terminate your affected Orders upon notice to us, and we will refund you any fees you have pre-paid for use of the affected Cloud Products for the terminated portion of the applicable Subscription Term.
For the avoidance of doubt, any Order is subject to the version of these Terms in effect at the time of the Order.
Modifications to Our Policies will take effect automatically as of the effective date specified for the updated policies.
Any notice to you will be deemed given upon the first business day after we send it.
You will provide notice to us by post to Atlassian Pty Ltd, c/o Atlassian, Inc., 350 Bush Street, Floor 13, San Francisco, CA, USA 94104, Attn: General Counsel.
Neither party will be liable to the other for any delay or failure to perform any obligation under these Terms (except for a failure to pay fees) if the delay or failure is due to events which are beyond the reasonable control of such party, such as a strike, blockade, war, act of terrorism, riot, natural disaster, failure or diminishment of power or telecommunications or data networks or services, or refusal of a license by a government agency.
You may not assign or transfer these Terms without our prior written consent.
We may assign our rights and obligations under these Terms (in whole or in part) without your consent.
Subject to the foregoing, these Terms will inure to the parties’ permitted successors and assigns.
Except as set forth in Section 24 (Changes to these Terms), any amendments or modifications to these Terms must be executed in writing by an authorized representative of each party.
“Affiliate” means an entity which, directly or indirectly, owns or controls, is owned or is controlled by or is under common ownership or control with a party, where “control” means the power to direct the management or affairs of an entity, and “ownership” means the beneficial ownership of greater than 50% of the voting equity securities or other equivalent voting interests of the entity.
Orders may also include Additional Services and No-Charge Products.
“Our Policies” means our Acceptable Use Policy, guidelines for Reporting Copyright and Trademark Violations, Online Community Platforms Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, Support Policy, Enterprise Support and Services Policy, terms for Third Party Code in Atlassian Products, and (unless specified) any other policies or terms referenced in these Terms.
“Sensitive Data” means any (i) categories of data enumerated in European Union Regulation 2016/679, Article 9(1) or any successor legislation; (ii) patient, medical or other protected health information regulated by HIPAA; (iii) credit, debit or other payment card data subject to PCI DSS; (iv) other information subject to regulation or protection under specific laws such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (or related rules or regulations); (v) social security numbers, driver’s license numbers or other government ID numbers; or (vi) any data similar to the foregoing that is protected under foreign or domestic laws or regulations.
Your Support level will be specified in the applicable Order.
