The Service includes all of the Instagram products, features, applications, services, technologies, and software that we provide to advance Instagram's mission: To bring you closer to the people and things you love.
Learn more in the Data Policy.
Developing and using technologies that help us consistently serve our growing community.
Organizing and analyzing information for our growing community is central to our Service.
Technologies like artificial intelligence and machine learning give us the power to apply complex processes across our Service.
Automated technologies also help us ensure the functionality and integrity of our Service.
Providing consistent and seamless experiences across other Facebook Company Products.
Instagram is part of the Facebook Companies, which share technology, systems, insights, and information-including the information we have about you (learn more in the Data Policy) in order to provide services that are better, safer, and more secure.
So, we need you to commit to a few restrictions in order to be part of the Instagram community.
You must be at least 13 years old.
You must not be prohibited from receiving any aspect of our Service under applicable laws or engaging in payments related Services if you are on an applicable denied party listing.
We must not have previously disabled your account for violation of law or any of our policies.
You must not be a convicted sex offender.
You don't have to disclose your identity on Instagram, but you must provide us with accurate and up to date information (including registration information).
Also, you may not impersonate someone you aren't, and you can't create an account for someone else unless you have their express permission.
You can't do anything unlawful, misleading, or fraudulent or for an illegal or unauthorized purpose.
Instead, when you share, post, or upload content that is covered by intellectual property rights (like photos or videos) on or in connection with our Service, you hereby grant to us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide license to host, use, distribute, modify, run, copy, publicly perform or display, translate, and create derivative works of your content (consistent with your privacy and application settings).
You give us permission to show your username, profile picture, and information about your actions (such as likes) or relationships (such as follows) next to or in connection with accounts, ads, offers, and other sponsored content that you follow or engage with that are displayed on Facebook Products, without any compensation to you.
We will also respect your ad settings.
You can learn more here about your ad settings.
You agree that we can download and install updates to the Service on your device.
If you use content covered by intellectual property rights that we have and make available in our Service (for example, images, designs, videos, or sounds we provide that you add to content you create or share), we retain all rights to our content (but not yours).
If you believe your account has been terminated in error, or you want to disable or permanently delete your account, consult our Help Center.
Content you delete may persist for a limited period of time in backup copies and will still be visible where others have shared it.
You agree that we won't be responsible ("liable") for any lost profits, revenues, information, or data, or consequential, special, indirect, exemplary, punitive, or incidental damages arising out of or related to these Terms, even if we know they are possible.
Class actions and class arbitrations are not permitted; you and we may bring a claim only on your own behalf and cannot seek relief that would affect other Instagram users.
All other claims (or requests for relief) remain subject to this provision.
You can opt out of this provision within 30 days of the date that you agreed to these Terms.
For any claim that is not arbitrated or resolved in small claims court, you agree that it will be resolved exclusively in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California or a state court located in San Mateo County.
