Subject to these TOS, Rovio hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited right and license to use the Services for your personal, non-commercial use.
Unless expressly authorized by law, the Services may not be copied, reproduced or distributed in any manner or medium, in whole or in part, without Rovio’s prior written consent.
You acknowledge and consent that the provision of Virtual Items for use in the Services is a process that commences immediately upon purchase and that you forfeit your right of cancelation once the process has commenced.
You further acknowledge that you will not receive money or other compensation for unused Virtual Items, regardless of whether your loss of license under these TOS was voluntary or involuntary.
If you ask for your personal data to be deleted as described in Rovio’s Privacy Notice, you will permanently forfeit all of your Virtual Items without the right to refund, as Rovio will no longer be able associate such Virtual Items with you.
Code of Conduct
Disrupt, interfere with or otherwise adversely affect the normal flow of the Services or otherwise act in a manner that may negatively affect other users' experience when using the Services.
Disrupt, overburden, or aid or assist in the disruption or overburdening of any computer or servers used to offer or support the Services.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services, to accounts registered to others or to the computers, servers, or networks connected to the Services by any means other than the user interface provided by Rovio, including, but not limited to, by circumventing or modifying, attempting to circumvent or modify, or encouraging or assisting any other person to circumvent or modify, any security, technology, device, encryption, or software that is part of the Services.
Post any information, content or other material (or post links to any information or content) that contains nudity, excessive violence or is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory, libelous, or racially, sexually, religiously offensive or otherwise objectionable.
Attempt to, or harass, abuse, or harm, or advocate or incite harassment, abuse, or harm of another person, group, including Rovio employees, directors, officers, and customer service representatives.
Make available through the Services any material or information that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, right of privacy, right of publicity, or other right of any person or entity, or which impersonates any other person, including, but not limited to, a Rovio employee, director or officer.
Unless specifically authorized by law, attempt to decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or hack any of the Services, or to defeat or overcome any of the encryption technologies or security measures or data transmitted, processed or stored by Rovio, or to obtain any information from the Services using any method not expressly permitted by Rovio.
Harvest, scrape or collect any information about or regarding other people that use the Services, including, but not limited to, through use of pixel tags, cookies, GIFs or similar items that are sometimes also referred to as spyware.
4.
These services may include, but are not limited to gameplay recording and sharing, social media connectivity and advertisements.
Please read these third-party terms and conditions, carefully as they constitute an agreement between you and the relevant third-party service provider to which Rovio is not a party.
game or other product ideas, stories, screenplays, artwork, musical or audiovisual works, concepts or any other creative materials) in any format, by means of any transmission (“Unsolicited Content”).
If you are a United States resident or otherwise make any claim against Rovio in the United States, you expressly agree that any legal claim, dispute or other controversy between you and Rovio arising out of or otherwise relating in any way to Services, including controversies relating to the applicability, enforceability or validity of any provision of these TOS or Rovio´s Privacy Policy (collectively "Disputes"), shall be resolved in confidential binding arbitration conducted before one commercial arbitrator from the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), rather than in a court, as described herein.
In addition to the foregoing, either party may assert an individual action in small claims court for Claims that are within the scope of such court's jurisdiction in lieu of arbitration.
You must include your name and residence address and a clear statement that you want to opt out of this arbitration clause.
To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter to: Rovio Entertainment Corporation, ATTN: Legal Department, Keilaranta 7, 02150 Espoo, Finland requesting arbitration and describing your claim.
In such an event, unless otherwise required by applicable law, Rovio does not have to provide refunds for Virtual Items or other items in connection with such discontinued Services.
In no way will Rovio´s total aggregate liability arising out of or in connection with these TOS, the Privacy Notice or the Services exceed the higher of: (i) the actual price (if any) you paid for the license to use Virtual Items; or (ii) one hundred euros (€100).
The exclusions and limitations of damages are fundamental elements of the basis of the agreement between Rovio and you.
Instead, in such jurisdictions, the foregoing limitations of liability shall apply only to the extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdictions.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Rovio (and Rovio´s officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) harmless from any claim, demand, damages or other losses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, asserted by any third-party resulting from or arising out of your use of the Services, or any breach by you of these TOS; however, the foregoing does not apply if the third-party claim is not attributable to your intentional or negligent behavior.
Notices sent to the specified address will reach Rovio´s registered DMCA agent.
If your DMCA notice covers multiple works, you may provide a representative list of such works.
Your description must be reasonably sufficient to enable Rovio to locate the material.
Provide your full legal name, mailing address, telephone number, and (if available) email address.
Include the following statement in the body of the DMCA notice:
512(f), if you knowingly misrepresent that a material or activity is causing infringement, you may be liable for damages, including the costs and attorneys’ fees incurred by us or our users.
Rovio may link to third-party websites or services from the Services.
Rovio is also not responsible to you in relation to any losses or harm caused by such third parties.
Any charges you incur in relation to these third parties are your responsibility.
You understand that when you provide data to such third parties you are providing it in accordance with their privacy policy (if any) and you understand Rovio´s Privacy Notice does not apply in relation to such data.
If you are a United States resident, in addition to Article 8 above, “Binding Arbitration / Class Waiver,” these TOS are governed by the laws of the State of California and applicable federal laws regardless of conflict of law provisions.
You agree that any claim or dispute you may file against Rovio must be resolved exclusively by a court located in Espoo, Finland.
Assignment, Severability and Entire Agreement
