
Intuit®:
Legal Information
Toggle navigation
United States (English)
Canada
(English)
Canada (Français)

Sign
In
Trademark, Copyright, and Licensing Guidelines
---
 
Trademarks
---
Authenticity
---
Licenses
---
Piracy
 
 
Patent Information
Features and services within
Intuit Inc. ("Intuit") products may be the subject matter of pending and issued patents assigned to Intuit.

Trademark Information
 
Intuit, the Intuit logo, QuickBooks, QB, Turbo, TurboTax, Mint, Lacerte, ProSeries and Intuit ProConnect, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc., or one of its subsidiaries, in the United States and other countries.
For more information on Intuit's trademarks, please see our Trademark Information and Restrictions page.

Copyright Information
 Intuit's products, services, web content and related materials (collectively, "Offerings") are owned by Intuit and/or its licensors, and all rights in such Offerings are reserved by Intuit and/or its licensors.
For information regarding permission to use screen displays and other content, please see Intuit's Permissions Policy.

Intuit's Anti-Piracy Information resource provides basic information on software piracy and its negative effects on businesses and consumers, including the risks associated with purchasing or using counterfeit optical disc media.
This resource also includes information on how to check certain products for authenticity and how to report piracy directly to Intuit.

Copyright Infringement Notification
 
Intuit respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects that the users of our Offerings do the same.
Persons who believe that their copyrighted work has been used in a way that may constitute copyright infringement and is accessible through an Intuit Offering may notify Intuit's Designated Agent, as set forth in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (DMCA).

All such notices must comply with the requirements of U.S. Copyright Act 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(3) and regulations promulgated thereunder, each as amended.
Such notices not complying with these requirements will not be processed. 
No other notices or inquiries of any type, including requests for information, purchase or technical support questions, notices of infringement of third-party trademark or patent rights, employment inquiries, press inquiries, or investor inquiries, will be read or answered under this Agent and Agent Address.
  

Designated Agent and Address of Agent:
  
Attn: Legal Department - Copyright Agent
 Intuit Inc.
 2700 Coast Avenue
 Mountain View, CA 94043
 
Telephone: (650) 944-6000
 
Fax: (650) 944-5656
 Email: copyright@intuit.com
 

Under Section 512(f) of the DMCA any person who knowingly materially misrepresents materials or activity is infringing may be subject to liability for damages (including costs and attorney fees). 
 
Lastly, the information provided to Intuit in a copyright infringement notification may be forwarded to the person who provided the allegedly infringing materials.
 

Risk of Loss

All items purchased and shipped from Intuit are fulfilled pursuant to a shipment contract between Intuit and our carriers.
This means that both the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery of the items to the carrier.

Licensing
For licensing information related to money transmission services offered by Intuit Payments Inc., please refer to licenses.

For Texas residents, if you have a complaint regarding money transmission services, please contact Mint Care at 855-646-3486.
If you still have an unresolved complaint regarding the company's money transmission activity, please direct your complaint to the Texas Department of Banking, 2601 North Lamar Boulevard, Austin, Texas, 78705, 1-877-276-5554 (toll free), www.dob.texas.gov
 
Licensing and Support
For licensing and product support related inquiries, please refer to Intuit Support.

QuickBooks ProAdvisor® Inquiries
For questions related to the QuickBooks ProAdvisor Program, please contact ProAdvisor Support.
 
To connect with a QuickBooks ProAdvisor, you can conduct a search here: www.findaproadvisor.com.

Note: QuickBooks ProAdvisors are not Intuit employees and their actions, opinions and positions do not necessarily represent those of Intuit.

Intuit® Reseller Inquiries
 
For more information about the Intuit Reseller Program, please see www.intuitreseller.com.
 
To connect with an Intuit Reseller, you can conduct a search here: www.intuitresellerlocator.com.
 
Note: Intuit Resellers are not Intuit employees and their actions, opinions and positions do not necessarily represent those of Intuit.

Intuit®Partner Platform Inquiries

For questions related to the Intuit Partner Platform program, please contact Developer Support.

Other Help
 
Please see Contact Us.
 

