You agree You will be bound by representations made by third parties acting on Your behalf, which either use or purchase services from DBP. You further agree that DBP will not be bound by statements of a general nature on DBP's website or DBP promotional materials.

You agree to: --Notify DBP within three calendar days when any of the personal information You provided upon subscribing to DBP's services, changes; --Respond within three calendar days to any inquiries made by DBP to determine the validity of personal information provided by You; and --Timely respond to email messages DBP sends to You regarding correspondence DBP has received that is either addressed to or involves You and/or Your domain name registration, as more fully set forth in Section 5(c) below.

If for any reason DBP and/or the Registrar for Your domain name is unable to charge Your credit card for the full amount of the service provided, or if DBP and/or the Registrar is charged back for any fee it previously charged to the credit card You provided, You agree that DBP and/or the Registrar may, without notice to You, pursue all available remedies in order to obtain payment, including but not limited to immediate cancellation of all services DBP provides to You.

DBP's rights to deny, suspend, terminate service and to disclose your personal information You understand and agree that DBP has the absolute right and power, in its sole discretion and without any liability to You whatsoever, to: --Cancel the privacy service and/or reveal Your name and personal information that You provided to DBP: A. When required by law, in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or in the interest of public safety; B. To comply with legal process served upon DBP or in response to a reasonable threat of litigation against DBP; or C. To comply with ICANN rules, policies, or procedures.

As with all communications, You agree to waive any and all claims arising from Your failure to receive email directed to Your domain name but not forwarded to You by DBP. c. Notifications Regarding Correspondence and Your Obligation to Respond When DBP receives certified or traceable courier mail or legal notices addressed to Your domain name, in most cases, DBP will attempt to forward the mail to you via email.

If You do not respond to the DBP email and/or the correspondence DBP has received regarding Your domain name registration concerns a dispute of any kind or otherwise requires immediate disposition, DBP may immediately reveal Your identity and/or cancel the DBP private registration service regarding either the domain name registration(s) in question.

Indemnity You agree to release, defend, indemnify and hold harmless DBP, its parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, shareholders, agents, directors, officers and employees and Your Registrar, from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, losses, damages or costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or related in any way to this Agreement, the services provided hereunder by DBP, the DBP website, Your account with DBP, Your use of Your domain name registration, and/or disputes arising in connection with the dispute policy.