As a condition to using the Service or in order to create certain statements through the Service, you may be required to supply IFTTT with certain registration information, including a valid email address, registration information for mobile phones, other mobile devices, or third-party sites or services you access through IFTTT. You promise to provide us with accurate, complete, and updated registration information about yourself.

You shall not use another user's account or any other person's registration information for the Service, any other mobile phones or other mobile devices, or any third party services you access through the Service, without that person's permission.

You shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining any equipment or ancillary services needed to connect to, access or otherwise use the Service, including, without limitation, mobile phones, modems, hardware, software, data plans, and long distance or local telephone service.

The Service may allow you to copy or download certain Content; please remember that just because this functionality exists, doesn't mean that all the restrictions above don't apply - they do! What if I see something on the Service that infringes my copyright? You may have heard of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, as it relates to online service providers, like IFTTT, being asked to remove material that allegedly violates someone's copyright.

The Service may contain links or connections to third party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by IFTTT. When you access third party websites or use third party services, you accept that there are risks in doing so, and that IFTTT is not responsible for such risks.

If you share a User Submission publicly on the Service and/or in a manner that more than just you or certain specified users can view, or if you provide us with any feedback, suggestions, improvements, enhancements, and/or feature requests relating to the Service, then you grant IFTTT the licenses above, as well as a license to display, perform, and distribute your Public User Submission for the purpose of making that Public User Submission accessible to all IFTTT users and providing the Service necessary to do so, as well as all other rights necessary to use and exercise all rights in that Public User Submission in connection with the Service and/or otherwise in connection with IFTTT's business.

We will notify you before the Service you are then using begins carrying a fee, and if you wish to continue using the Service, you must pay all applicable fees for the Service.