For United States residents, these TOS contain a binding arbitration clause in Article 8 and a class-action waiver that affects your rights about how to resolve disputes. If you live in the United States, please read it carefully. Except where you opt out, and except for certain types of disputes described in Section 8, you agree that any disputes arising between you and Rovio will be resolved by binding, individual arbitration and you waive your right to participate in any class-action lawsuit or class-wide arbitration. 
By using or otherwise accessing the Services, you agree to these TOS. If you do not agree to these TOS, you may not use or otherwise access the Services.
the Services are free to use or download but may contain features that may allow you to make purchases within the Services. If you access the Services from a social networking site ("SNS"), such as Facebook, you agree to comply with its terms of service as well as these TOS.
The Services and its contents are licensed, not sold.
Rovio may manage, control, modify or eliminate Virtual Items at any time, with or without notice.
all purchases and redemptions of Virtual Items made through the Services are final and non-refundable.
Accordingly, you agree that Rovio is not required to provide a refund for Virtual Items for any reason. You further acknowledge that you will not receive money or other compensation for unused Virtual Items, regardless of whether your loss of license under these TOS was voluntary or involuntary.
Services may include links to third-party services (including, but not limited to, advertisements displayed by third parties) and/or the third-party services may be made available to you via Services. 
Rovio reserves the right to delete your Account if Rovio observes no activity by you in relation to the Account for 180 days or more.
You irrevocably consent to such monitoring and recording. Accordingly, you agree that you have no expectation of privacy concerning the transmission of any content within the Services, including, but not limited to, chat text or voice communications.
You acknowledge that you are voluntarily and knowingly forfeiting your right to a trial by jury and to otherwise proceed in a lawsuit in state or federal court.
You and Rovio agree that there is no right or authority for any dispute to be arbitrated on a class-action basis or to utilize class action procedures, there is no right or authority for any dispute to be brought in a purported representative capacity or as a private attorney general, and no arbitration shall be joined with any other arbitration.
Rovio may assign these TOS, in whole or in part, to any person or entity at any time with or without your consent.
