User Instructions:
Keep all co-players and audiences in mind when chatting.
Be courteous and considerate of everybody.
Do not bully or harass other players.

Protects Everybody:
No hate speech of any kind is allowed.

User Rights (Negative):
You agree to not use the service to submit or link to any content which is defamatory, abusive, hateful, threatening, libelious, spam or spam-like, likely to offend, contains adult, nudity or objectionable content, contains personal information of others, or is racially, sexually, religiously, or other objectionable or offensive, risks copyright infringement, encourages unlawful activity, or otherwise violates any laws.
At our discretion, our representative or technology may monitor and/or record your interaction with the service or communications (including without limitation chat text) when you are using the Service.
You are granting us with a non-exclusive, permanent, irrevocable, unlimited license to use, publish, or re-publish your content in connection with the service.
You acknowledge and agree that you have no expectation of privacy concerning the transmission of any content, including without limitation chat text or voice communications.
You will fully cooperate with us to investigate any suspected unlawful, fraudulent or improper activity, including, without limitation, granting us access to any password-protected portions of your account.
By accepting these Rules, you hereby provide your irrevocable consent to such monitoring and recording.

User Rights (Positive):
You retain copyright over the content.
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users and any other parties with whom you interact through the service.

Company Rights (Positive):
We reserve the right to remove or modify any content submitted for any reason without explanation.
We reserve the right to take action against any account with the service at any time.
If we would monitor the service, we still assume no responsibility for user content and assume no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate user content.
We have the right, but not the obligation, in our sole discretion to edit, refuse to post, or remove any user content.
We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to become involved in any way with these disputes.
All content you submit or upload may be reviewed by the staff members or sent to third-party verification services (including, but not limited to, spam prevention services).
Requests for content to be removed or modified will be undertaken only at our discretion.

Protects company:
Attempt to, or harass, abuse, or harm, or advocate of incite harassment, abuse, or harm of another person, group, including Rovio employees, including its customer service representatives is violation of theses Rules.
If you have a dispute with one or more users, you release us (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.

Warnings:
We do not, and cannot, pre-screen or monitor all content submitted to the service.
Your use of the service is at your own risk.
By using the Service, you may be exposed to user content that is offensive, indecent of otherwise not in line with your expectations, again at your risk.
