Read carefully if you live the United States. Any disputes arising between you and Rovio will be resolved by binding, individual arbitration. By accepting these Terms of Service, you are saying that you are age 13 or older.

Rovio retains all right, title, and interest in and to the Services. The Services are licensed, not sold.

All purchases of Virtual Items made through the Services are final and non-refundable. If you ask for your personal data to be deleted, you will permanently forfeit all of your Virtual Items without the right to refund.

You will not under any circumstances: use the Services while breaking a law, use the service to impersonate someone else, post any obscene or extremely offensive content, harass other people including Rovio employees, make material available through the Services that infringes intellectual property rights, or collect information about other people that use the Services.

Services may include links to third-party services, which are subject to their own terms and conditions.

You agree to not give your Login Information to anyone else. Rovio reserves the right to delete your Account if there is no activity for 180 days or more. No refund will be offered for Virtual Items associated with the Account.

In exchange for use of the Services, you grant Rovio the right and license to use your User Contributions in any way and for any purpose, without further notice or compensation to you. Rovio does not consider any Unsolicited Content, but any Unsolicited Content you submit will not be treated as confidential and you grant Rovio the license to use the Content for any purpose.

Rovio assumes no responsibility for the conduct of other users of the Services. Rovio may monitor or record your interactions with the Services. You agree that you have no expectation of privacy concerning any content transmitted through the Services. Rovio reserves the right to modify or make unavailable any content made by users of the Service without notice.

If you are a United States resident or make a claim against Rovio in the United States, you agree that the controversy will be resolved in confidential binding arbitration conducted before a commercial arbitrator instead of a court. You are forfeiting your right to a trial by jury and to proceed in a lawsuit in state or federal court. Some exceptions to this rule are 1) a violation of Rovio’s intellectual property rights, 2) a claim related allegations of theft, piracy, unauthorized use, or a violation of the United States Computer Fraud and Abuse Act or of the Code of Conduct section of these terms of service.

If Rovio believes you are in breach with these terms of service, Rovio reserves the right to delete and modify your account, limit or terminate your access to Services, modify or remove Virtual Items, or modify game progression associated with you.

Rovio reserves the right to stop offering or supporting all or part of the Services, and will not provide refunds for items connected to discontinued Services.

The Services are provided to you “AS IS”, without warranty or guarantees.

Rovio will not be liable for any damages resulting from access, use, or malfunction of the services. Rovio’s total aggregate liability will not exceed the higher of 1) the actual price for the virtual items or 2) one hundred euros.

If you believe the Services infringe your copyrights, contact Rovio. Follow the specified format for your notice.

Rovio may link to third-party websites or services from the Services. Rovio is not responsible to you in relation to any losses or harm caused by such third parties.

Rovio may update these terms of service. By using the Services after updates to the terms of service, you agree to be bound to the updated terms of service.

If you are a United States resident, these terms of service are governed by the laws of the State of California. Otherwise, you agree that disputes between you and Rovio will be governed by the laws of Finland.

Rovio may assign these terms of service to any person or entity without your consent.
