Serge Ibaka -- the Oklahoma City Thunder forward who was born in the Congo but played in Spain -- has been granted Spanish citizenship and will play for the country in EuroBasket this summer, the event where spots in the 2012 Olympics will be decided.
Serge Ibaka has been granted Spanish citizenship and will play in EuroBasket.
MILAN -Catania held Roma to a 1-1 draw in Serie A on Wednesday as the teams played out the remaining 25 minutes of a game that was called off last month.
Catania held Roma to a 1 1 draw in Serie A.
State Street Corporation, a provider of investment servicing, investment management and investment research and trading services, has launched a new investment servicing solution to support small to mid-sized asset managers with their investment operations needs.
State Street Corporation, has launched a new investment servicing solution.
Massey Energy, the fourth largest coal company in the country, could have its corporate charter revoked if public interest organizations have their way.
Massey Energy, the coal company, could have its corporate charter revoked.
Foundation for MetroWest has awarded $55,000 in grants to 37 food pantries across the region, drawing on two of its funds that provide winter assistance to families in need.
Foundation for MetroWest has awarded $ 55,000 in grants to 37 food pantries across the region.
Wong won't rule out super raid Updated: 08:17, Tuesday March 26, 2013 Finance Minister Penny Wong has declined to rule out axing tax concessions for superannuation in the May budget.
Wong won't rule out super raid.
TINY 'robots' that can be dropped into an industrial process to report any problems are being developed by a Woolston company.
TINY robots are being developed by a company.
Jordan and South Korea have pledged to cooperate on nuclear regulatory issues as part of an agreement signed on Saturday.
Jordan and South Korea have pledged to cooperate on regulatory issues.
Just after the Fourth of July holiday, and only a week after the city's budget has been completed, City Council Member Robert Jackson will hold two town hall meetings in cooperation with several other Northern Manhattan elected officials.
Robert Jackson will hold two town hall meetings.
Tim Cowlishaw made a bad joke and now the MMA blogosphere is lighting torches and sharpening pitchforks.
Tim Cowlishaw made a bad joke.
Prime Minister Gordon Brown said Monday he had discussed the car industry crisis with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, but had not talked about any specific amount of aid for General Motors.
Gordon Brown had discussed the car industry crisis with Angela Merkel.
Fun and food are two ways to help Children's Hospital of Illinois during the month of July.
Fun and food are two ways to help Children's Hospital.
Police have denied fears that emergency response times will increase due to a forthcoming restructure.
Police have denied fears response times will increase.
Little Rock - Governor Mike Beebe today announced his intent to grant six pardons.
Mike Beebe today announced his intent to grant six pardons.
Andrzej Fonfara defeated Glen Johnson with a unanimous decision victory, which was enough to convince Johnson that he should retire from the sport of boxing.
Andrzej Fonfara defeated Glen Johnson.
England manager Fabio Capello is refusing to get carried away with thoughts of qualifying for the 2010 World Cup finals despite watching his side record a fourth successive victory.
Fabio Capello is refusing to get carried away.
A former Gulf Breeze Police officer is being arrested this morning on sexual battery and unlawful compensation charges, according to Gulf Breeze Deputy Chief of Police Robert Randle.
A former Gulf Breeze Police officer is being arrested.
An Abilene teenager was killed early Sunday in a one-car wreck just east of Chapman.
An Abilene teenager was killed early Sunday in a wreck.
The screenings identify people at high risk for stroke, abdominal aortic aneurysm, peripheral vascular disease, and osteoporosis.
The screenings identify for stroke vascular disease, and osteoporosis.
West Indies spinner Sulieman Benn bowled a marathon, uninterrupted spell of 33 overs on the first day of the first Test against England on Wednesday to dispel many of the question marks over his ability.
Sulieman Benn bowled a marathon, spell.
A Dutch physiotherapist has claimed that he uses two miniature pigs to help his patients in Germany.
He uses two pigs to help his patients.
Strictly Come Dancing increased its lead over The X Factor in the Saturday night day ratings last night.
Strictly Come Dancing increased its lead over The X Factor in the ratings.
The Times Square bombing suspect pleaded guilty Monday to a terror plot hoping to maim and kill those in the international tourist destination and American landmark.
The Times Square bombing suspect pleaded guilty.
Boxer Lamont Peterson failed a drug test, putting a May 19 light-welterweight rematch in Las Vegas against former title holder Amir Khan in doubt, a Nevada boxing official said Tuesday.
Lamont Peterson failed a drug test.
Britain would be justified to withdraw the Royal wedding invitation that has been extended to a representative of Robert Mugabe√¢‚Ç¨‚Ñ¢s regime as the Evening Standard has revealed.
Britain would be justified to withdraw the Royal wedding invitation.
Intermec Inc., which makes electronic devices for tracking inventory, plans to cut 150 jobs, or 7 percent of its work force.
Intermec Inc. plans to cut 150 jobs, or 7 percent of its work force.
Narain Karthikeyan of Team India finished 10th in both sprint and features at the A1 Grand Prix motorsport race here Sunday.
Narain Karthikeyan finished 10th at the A1 Grand Prix race.
Today's celebrity pictures include a demure Rita Ora in a white halter-neck gown as she attends the Bergdorf Goodman 111th anniversary celebration in New York.
Today's celebrity pictures include.
South Africa must continue with the stimulus package it has adopted as a response to the financial crisis, Minister of Finance Pravin Gordhan said on Sunday.
South Africa must continue with the stimulus package.
State Representative Dan Gattis has proposed a law that would allow police officers to draw the blood of suspected drunk drivers without a warrant.
A law would allow police officers to draw the blood.
Roger Chapin, the self-described ``nonprofit entrepreneur'' whose four-decade career pushing numerous, widely disparate causes has drawn controversy and Congressional scrutiny, has struck again.
Roger Chapin, the nonprofit entrepreneur, causes has drawn, has struck again.
What ever happened to David Archuleta?
What ever happened.
South African boxer Francois Botha will undergo a public drug test in the wake of doping allegations against him made by the connections of Sonny Bill Williams.
Francois Botha will undergo a public drug test.
President Barack Obama took the first steps on the road to the 2012 elections on Friday, presiding over the first of many fund-raising events to ensure his Democrats can compete against the Republicans.
Barack Obama took the first steps on the road to the 2012 elections.
American and Russian military leaders met Tuesday for unannounced talks in Finland, discussing Georgia, the Black Sea and Afghanistan, officials said.
American and Russian military leaders met for talks in Finland.
The Kentucky Speedway says it has sold out of grandstand tickets for its inaugural Sprint Cup race on July 9.
The Kentucky Speedway has sold out of tickets for its inaugural Sprint Cup race.
Former Irish prime minister Garret FitzGerald, who signed a landmark agreement on Northern Ireland in the 1980s, has died in a Dublin hospital after a short illness, his family have announced.
Former Irish prime minister Garret FitzGerald has died.
The family of three tried to cross a flooded road, but ended up dying.
The family tried to cross a flooded road.
A Christian body in Kolkata will probe the Rouvanjit Rawla suicide case by setting an independent enquiry to ascertain truth behind the entire murky episode.
A Christian body will probe the Rouvanjit Rawla suicide case.
Some 81% of adult Bulgarians oppose the legalization of soft drugs, including marijuana, according to a survey conducted by the National Center for Study of Public Opinion.
Some 81% of Bulgarians oppose the legalization of soft drugs.
Bombay Talkies, the much celebrated movie by Ashi Dua, that claimed to celebrates 100 years of cinema has earned a total of Rs. 5.05 crore in the opening weekend.
Bombay Talkies has earned a total of Rs. 5.05 crore in the opening weekend.
TRIALLIST Peter Gilbert is this week hoping to earn a contract with Coventry City FC.
Peter Gilbert is this week hoping to earn a contract with Coventry City FC.
SnoringIsntSexy.com, a patient information site and directory of dentists who provide oral appliance therapy for snoring and sleep apnea, has added sleep health professional listings to its directory.
SnoringIsntSexy.com has added sleep health professional listings to its directory.
In a victory for the video game industry and free speech advocates, the Supreme Court has struck down a California law banning the sale of ``violent'' video games to minors.
The Supreme Court has struck down a California law banning the sale of violent video games.
A WOMAN accused of stalking James and Erica Packer will face court later this year over allegations she twice breached an interim Apprehended Violence Order.
A WOMAN accused of stalking James will face court.
Cardinals reliever Ryan Franklin has apologized for criticizing St. Louis fans after they booed him.
Ryan Franklin has apologized for criticizing St. Louis fans.
President Mahmoud Abbas proposed cancelling the Oslo Accords with Israel at a weekend meeting of the Palestinian leadership, a senior member of the Palestine Liberation Organization told AFP on Tuesday.
Mahmoud Abbas proposed cancelling the Oslo Accords.
A CHEF who kicked a child in the head has been given a community order.
A CHEF kicked a child in the head.
Business Process Outsourcing company Adventity has partnered another BPO firm Fostera, promoted to set up a rural BPO unit in Krishnagiri in Tamil Nadu.
Adventity has partnered another Fostera, promoted to set up a rural BPO unit.
Genpact Limited, a leader in the globalization of services and technology and a pioneer in managing business processes for companies around the world, has announced that it acquired a delivery center in Guatemala City from GE Money, a division of the General Electric Company on August 14, 2008.
Genpact Limited acquired a delivery center.
COBBLERS boss Aidy Boothroyd has praised chairman David Cardoza for 'pushing the boat out' to secure the recent acquisitions of Clive Platt and Alex Nicholls.
COBBLERS boss Aidy Boothroyd has praised David Cardoza.
Dedham Square business owners want open communication with town officials and the project's contractor once construction begins on the multimillion-dollar Dedham Square Improvements Project.
Business owners want communication once construction begins on the Dedham Square Improvements Project.
Former NSW health minister Reba Meagher has formally resigned from her seat of Cabramatta, paving the way for a by-election next month.
Reba Meagher has formally resigned.
Home sales fell 17 percent in the Riverside/San Bernardino area in February, compared with the same period a year ago, and the median home price fell 27.2 percent to $289,660, according to figures released today.
Home sales fell 17 percent in the Riverside San Bernardino area.
Duke University is holding a lecture, panel discussion and master class about the art of flamenco, which has a history that involves more than its Spanish influence.
Duke University is holding a lecture, panel discussion and master class about the art of flamenco.
Toktogul reservoir water volume accumulated remains stable, according to the press service of Electric Stations Company.
Toktogul reservoir water volume remains stable.
Riverdance creator and movie actress Jean Butler is set to launch her new debut jewellery collection in Dublin this weekend.
Jean Butler is set to launch her debut jewellery collection.
Islands made out thick, tall reeds are surfacing on Saguaro Lake northeast of Phoenix creating hazardous conditions for boaters.
Islands, reeds are surfacing on Saguaro Lake.
Greenpeace has just released the ninth edition of its Guide to Greener Electronics, revealing that toxic elements still exist in new computers despite manufacturers' abilities to produce smaller instruments without the offending materials.
Toxic elements still exist in new computers.
The City and Borough of Juneau Assembly may give the library its own department tonight.
The City may give the library its own department tonight.
Scientists at Newcastle University claim they have created human sperm using embryonic stem cells..
Scientists claim they have created human sperm using stem cells.
A 45-year-old Whitehouse man has been sentenced to federal prison for firearms violations in the Eastern District of Texas announced US Attorney John M. Bales today.
A Whitehouse man has been sentenced to federal prison for firearms violations.
Tata Motors Ltd. has cut production of some vehicle models due to lower demand, but expects sales to rebound after September, a senior company executive said Wednesday.
Tata Motors Ltd. has cut production of some models.
There's a good match in the World Cup today, so you need to make sure you check out Netherlands vs Denmark streaming online free if you want to see a great game!
You check out Netherlands vs Denmark streaming online free.
Tech Mahindra has evolved rapidly over the last five years, executing an IPO and gradually reducing reliance on one of its founders, BT.
Tech Mahindra has evolved rapidly over the last five years.
Bangladesh continues to lose edge in tea exports because of increasing domestic consumption that takes up around 90 percent of annual production, a reversal of a two-decade trend.
Bangladesh continues to lose edge in tea exports.
Massachusetts Senator Scott Brown said ``Thank God'' Thursday when asked to respond to his likely Senate challenger Elizabeth Warren's joke that she, unlike Brown, kept her clothes on while in college.
Scott Brown said Thank God asked to respond she kept her clothes on.
Iran's Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast said Wednesday that Iran will never give up uranium enrichment activities.
Iran will never give up uranium enrichment activities.
Twenty five per cent of professional drivers report sleep disorder in a Swedish study, raising safety concerns.
Twenty five per cent of professional drivers report sleep disorder.
Premiership League giants Arsenal FC will be supporting a new education project in China, as the club prepares for its pre-season tour of the Far East in July.
Giants Arsenal FC will be supporting a education project in China.
For the first time since spraining his MCL against the Philadelphia Eagles in week three, New York Giants safety Kenny Phillips returned to the positional portion of practice on Thursday.
New York Giants safety Kenny Phillips returned to the portion of practice.
Grand Prairie police say according to witnesses a young man celebrating his 22nd birthday fatally shot his mother's boyfriend.
A man celebrating his birthday fatally shot his mother's boyfriend.
Four bogus physicians for human rights from the USA and Britain who came to Zimbabwe on the pretext that they were donors on a mission to assess the health situation in the country have been exposed.
Four bogus physicians for human rights have been exposed.
US stocks are poised for a choppy week, as investors look to a string of economic reports for any signs of slowing growth that might spur the US Federal Reserve or European Central Bank to take action.
Stocks are poised for a choppy week.
The theme of the event will be ``The global energy market following the economic crisis''.
The theme will be The global energy market following the economic crisis.
A trial date was set Wednesday for a former Greece police officer accused of coercing a woman into sex.
A trial date was set for a former Greece officer.
Recently, actor Suniel Shetty, who witnessed India's win over Pakistan in semi-finals at Mohali, lashed out at Afridi for calling Indians ``bad host.''
Suniel Shetty lashed out at Afridi.
Albert Montanes successfully defended his Estoril Open title with a 6-2, 6-7, 7-5 victory over unseeded Frederico Gil of Portugal in Sunday's final.
Albert Montanes defended his Estoril Open title.
Acting Labour Minister Chris Finlayson says the Government will consider introducing a corporate manslaughter charge in New Zealand as a way to deter companies from breaching health and safety rules.
The Government will consider introducing a corporate manslaughter charge.
Various Congresscritters are suggesting that Hamas should be banned from Twitter.
Hamas should be banned from Twitter.
A soldier home on leave after being injured in Afghanistan was refused a room by a hotel when he showed his military ID card at reception.
A soldier home was refused a room by a hotel.
``Well, we both love a good bangda fry,'' she admits.
We both love a good bangda fry.
Quidco.com, the UK's number one cashback and voucher code website, has reached one million members.
Quidco.com has reached one million members.
Long Beach police shot and wounded an armed and off-duty Los Angeles police officer early Wednesday after he allegedly ignored orders to drop his gun, authorities said.Officer Jason Geggie was shot after Long Beach officers responded to a call about a person brandishing a gun while walking down the street, Long Beach police said.Long Beach police Sgt. Dina Zapalski said Geggie pointed a gun toward officers.
Long Beach police shot an armed and Los Angeles police officer Wednesday.
College students in Tokushima Prefecture, Shikoku Island, have designed a new astronomy card game to help promote the subject.
Students have designed a new astronomy card game.
US global security giant Lockheed Martin said on Wednesday it will cut approximately 1200 US jobs as part of a restructuring within its electronics systems business area.
Lockheed Martin said it will cut approximately 1200 US jobs.
But why do some people run into problems later on, developing lactose intolerance?
But why do some people run, developing lactose intolerance.
A Mazda pickup truck flipped on Route 2 Thursday in a mid-morning crash after the driver failed to see another truck with a horse trailer approaching.
A pickup truck flipped on Route 2.
Material Girl, seems to be in awe of her, as she thinks Madonna is a 'fantastic mother'.
Madonna is a fantastic mother.
Boeing Co said on Thursday it made its ``best and final'' contract offer to its largest labor union, including concessions the aerospace manufacturer hopes will help avert a strike.
Boeing Co made its best and final offer to its union.
Publishing and events group Informa said takeover talks with a consortium are continuing as it posted a slide in half-year profits.
Talks are continuing as Informa posted a slide in profits.
Egypt recently allocated $1 billion to invest in broadband internet infrastructure, with the goal of boosting internet subscribers by 4 million come 2014, according to a Euromonitor International report issued in July.
Egypt allocated $ to invest in broadband infrastructure.
ZumoDrive, a Burlingame, Calif.-based developer of technology that connects consumers to their content on any mobile device, has raised $1.5 million in new VC funding.
ZumoDrive, has raised $ 1.5 million.
Toyota is to invest $50m in US electric car company Tesla Motors, as the two firms announced a joint partnership to build electric vehicles.
Toyota is to invest $ 50m in electric car company Tesla Motors.
Malawi has banned maize exports to all countries, except Zimbabwe to ensure it has sufficient stocks to feed over a million people who lost their crops due to floods earlier this year, its Minister of Trade and Industry said Wednesday.
Malawi has banned maize exports.
My friend has started an annoying habit of always having to have one up on me, even if it's about bad things happening.
My friend has started an habit of always having to have one.
Mobile operator Orange Romania has lowered tariffs for mobile internet and also increased speeds, according to Romanian newspaper Ziarul Financiar.
Orange Romania has lowered tariffs for mobile internet.
Baltimore Orioles pitcher Alfredo Simon has had his suspension reduced one game.
Alfredo Simon has had his suspension reduced.
Halle Berry leads Bond Oscars tribute Updated: 05:45, Tuesday February 26, 2013 Halle Berry and Dame Shirley Bassey paid tribute to the James Bond films at the Academy Awards last night, but none of the 007 actors appeared on stage.
Halle Berry leads Bond Oscars tribute Updated paid.
NYC tech campus plan gets lawmakers' approval A plan to create a sleek campus for a high-tech, high-powered New York graduate school has gotten city lawmakers' approval.
NYC tech campus plan gets lawmakers ' approval.
A woman from Lycoming County has been charged with theft from her place of work.
A woman has been charged with theft.
Phillip Noyce will direct the indie police thriller ``Mixed Blood,'' with Samuel L. Jackson to co-star.
Phillip Noyce will direct the Mixed Blood.
Portland Trail Blazers guard Brandon Roy missed his second-straight game with an injured knee on Thursday 18 November, and will also sit out for their game against the Utah Jazz on Saturday.
Brandon Roy missed, and will sit out for their game on Saturday.
Worker confidence held steady in June, down just 0.3 of a point to 48, according to the Spherion Employee Confidence Index, which measures workers' confidence in their personal employment situation and optimism in the economic environment.
Worker confidence held steady in June.
A man is seriously injured when he crashes his motorcycle early Sunday morning on Pawnee, just west of Rock Road.
A man is seriously injured he crashes on Pawnee.
Abu Dhabi police have asked motorists to park properly following the parking rules around mosques during Ramadan to maintain safety and traffic flow.
Police have asked motorists to park following the parking rules around mosques.
Highway 41 in Little Chute reopens after deadly crash on Monday.
Highway 41 reopens.
Olympic gold medalist banned for the next two years for his failure to comply with out-of-competition dope testing.
Gold medalist banned.
Smashing Pumpkins are holding open auditions for a bassist and a keyboardist.
Smashing Pumpkins are holding open auditions.
Oct 21 - Tajikistan does not produce drugs and is at the forefront of combating this evil, Tajik President Emomali Rakhmon said at the opening ceremony of the ministerial conference Border Management and Drug Control in Central Asia on Tuesday.
Tajikistan does not produce drugs, Emomali Rakhmon said.
The body of a youth was found lying under suspicious circumstances by the side of railway tracks near the main circle of BC Road here on Thursday January 19.
The body of a youth was found.
Alcatel-Lucent Shanghai Bell Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of leading global telecom equipment provider Alcatel Lucent in the Chinese mainland, is said to trigger an unpaid leave plan.
Shanghai Bell, is said to trigger an unpaid leave plan.
Dick Ebersol resigned Thursday as the chairman of NBC Sports after unsuccessful negotiations on a new contract, The New York Times reported.
Dick Ebersol resigned as the chairman of NBC Sports.
At a book signing for Eleven Rings, 13-time NBA champion Phil Jackson told a fan that he's picking the Spurs to win the NBA Finals.
Phil Jackson's picking the Spurs to win the NBA Finals.
The market for security systems has been impacted by economic recession that resulted in a decline in the construction output and rising unemployment.
The market for security systems has been impacted by economic recession.
A study released Monday said that obese Americans spend about 42 percent more on health care than normal-weight persons.
A study said obese Americans spend more on health care.
A FORMER head boy of Cockermouth Grammar School was found dead in his Workington flat last week.
A head boy was found dead.
People with iPads download five times as many apps as all Android tablets combined, another stark reminder of how much Apple dominates the tablet market.
People with iPads download five times as many apps as all Android tablets combined.
The Grizzlies have made a qualifying offer to restricted free agent Rudy Gay, their longest-tenured player.
The Grizzlies have made a qualifying offer to Rudy Gay.
Pfizer is selling its nutrition business to Nestlé for $11.85 billion, Pfizer said Monday.
Pfizer is selling its nutrition business to Nestlé.
Now, United Airlines will give frequent-flier miles for gift cards.
United Airlines will give miles for gift cards.
In a turn of events, Jef's brother reportedly outed Emily and went on the record to confirm Emily did in fact cheat on Jef!
Jef's brother outed Emily and went to confirm Emily did in cheat.
Kristen Stewart has revealed that she wanted to ``be the best'' vampire in the final instalment of the Twilight movie saga.
Kristen Stewart wanted to be the best vampire.
With three weeks to go before the ``American Idol'' final, Lambert, 27, is favored to win the No. 1 US television talent show and become, possibly, the first gay or bisexual singer to be handed the ``Idol'' title by millions of Americans.
The first gay to be handed the Idol title.
Rondo was named to the Eastern Conference All-Star team Wednesday night, replacing injured Atlanta Hawks guard Joe Johnson.
Rondo was named, replacing Joe Johnson.
With the advent of good weather many cookbook authors offer their tips and recipes for grilling.
Cookbook authors offer their tips and recipes for grilling.
The Cowboys and Austin agreed to a six-year extension through the 2016 season on Thursday, just three days before the fifth-year player's first season opener as a starter.
The Cowboys and Austin agreed to a extension.
MetroPCS announced new simpler 4G LTE plans that ``deliver more value and offer the most affordable unlimited 4G LTE available.''
MetroPCS announced simpler 4G LTE plans.
The city will receive a $69,232 federal grant to crack down on gangs, US Rep. J. Randy Forbes announced Thursday.
The city will receive a grant to crack down on gangs.
Then, in typically humble fashion, he returned to south Louisiana this week to take part in the Manning Passing Academy.
He returned to take in the Manning Passing Academy.
A witness told police that a boy crossing the street on his way to the Whittier Middle School walked into the side of a passing car, injuring his left arm and right side of his face yesterday morning.
A witness told police a boy walked into the side of a passing car.
Russia may not join a new global deal to fight climate change if it is against Moscow's interests and will set a national mid-term target for reducing greenhouse gas emissions next year, an official said on yesterday.
Russia may not join a global deal to fight climate change.
Partial win for Penske in NASCAR penalties appeal Penske Racing celebrated a small victory Tuesday when NASCAR's chief appellate officer issued a mixed ruling on penalties levied against the team.
Partial win for Penske in NASCAR penalties appeal.
Troy Brouwer left the game with an apparent right shoulder injury with 13:07 remaining in the third period of the Chicago Blackhawks' game against the Canadiens on Tuesday night.
Troy Brouwer left the game with an shoulder injury.
You read that right, Jose Canseco is back in professional baseball after being formally introduced by the Worcester Tornadoes of theCanadian-American LeagueMonday.
Jose Canseco is after being introduced by the Worcester Tornadoes.
The Lakers announced Thursday that tickets for individual games for this season will go on sale Saturday at 10 am and can be purchased at all Ticketmaster outlets, online at Ticketmaster.com and by calling 462-2849.
The Lakers announced tickets for individual games will go on sale Saturday.
``I don't think we missed McGrath because he hasn't played in the last one year.
I don't think we missed McGrath.
BBC Worldwide has pacted with Italy's Mediaset to launch its first fully localized, dubbed bespoke channel in Western Europe.
BBC Worldwide has pacted with Italy's Mediaset.
Lindsay Lohan's father claims she has had ``an epiphany'' in rehab.
She has had an epiphany in rehab.
The Russell 2000 futures are rising and the small-cap index will open in the green despite news of bank writedowns.
The Russell 2000 futures are rising.
Welterweight contender Thomas Dulorme, who in his most recent fight lost his undefeated record on October 27 via a seven-round TKO to Argentina's Luis Carlos Abregu, will return to action in February at a weight of 143 pounds in order to try to campaign in 2013 in the junior welterweight division, according to his coach Jose Bonilla.
Thomas Dulorme will return in February at a weight of 143 pounds.
The Foreign Ministry called on Bahraini citizens in Indonesia to be cautious following the earthquakes which hit some parts of the country.
The Foreign Ministry called on Bahraini citizens in Indonesia to be cautious.
One in three women have taken anti-depressants at some point in their lives, researchers say.
One in three women have taken anti-depressants.
Scott Murray was overwhelmed at the reception he recieved on Saturday after playing what is likely to be his last game at Ashton Gate.
Scott Murray was overwhelmed at the reception.
Serena Williams survived a second-set wobble in the third round of the French Open on Saturday, but recovered her senses in time to beat Russia's Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova 6-1 1-6 6-2.
Serena Williams survived a wobble.
The mayor of Brownsville told a jury in his felony theft case that he did not steal a $26,000 check.
The mayor of Brownsville told he did not steal a $ 26,000 check.
A man was taken to hospital last night after a street brawl in the North Ormesby area of Middlesbrough.
A man was taken to hospital after a street brawl.
New poll results released on Thursday indicated presumed US Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney had gained an edge over President Obama for the first time since the primaries, showing the sluggish economy is hurting Obama's standing.
Mitt Romney had gained an edge over Obama for the first time.
A Red Bluff man was reportedly attacked with a hammer and robbed of his wallet Thursday night on Jackson Street.
A Red Bluff man was attacked with a hammer.
Dennis Bryant from CQ Master Builders says now is the best time to build a new home.
Now is the time to build.
Electronic Arts Inc. announced that it had agreed to acquire the assets of Hands-On Mobile Korea, a leading Korean mobile developer and publisher, best known for its mobile role-playing game, Heroes Lore.
Electronic Arts Inc. had agreed to acquire the assets of Hands On Mobile Korea.
US consumer confidence fell in the second quarter from early this year as slowing employment growth and an escalating euro zone crisis made Americans more cautious about the economic outlook, a survey showed on Monday.
US consumer confidence fell in the second quarter.
Sacred Heart, Mystic Aquarium collaborate on crabs except they have been at it for nearly a half-billion years.
Sacred Heart, Mystic Aquarium collaborate on crabs.
Paul O'Connell returns to the Munster team for the first time since he injured his knee last May.
Paul O'Connell returns to the Munster team.
District guardian minister Ajit Pawar handed over possession of 400 flats to slumdwellers of the Nigdi ota scheme under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission scheme on Saturday, amidst protests by the Bharatiya Janata Party that raised objections about the programme being held despite the H1N1 flu scare in the district.
Ajit Pawar handed over possession of 400 flats to slumdwellers.
The Lloyd's of London insurance market crashed to a first-half loss of 697 million pounds, weighed down by record claims from natural catastrophes including the March 11 Japanese earthquake and tsunami.
The Lloyd's of London market crashed to a loss.
PCTEL, a provider of wireless network optimization solutions, has appointed Tony Kobrinetz as vice president of technology and operations.
PCTEL has appointed as vice president of technology and operations.
In what promises to be a very exciting encounter, Wits are set to face Portugal on Wednesday June 9 in a friendly game.
Wits are set to face Portugal.
Tanya Tucker, 53, has postponed a December concert because of undisclosed ``health concerns,'' according to the upstate New York newspaper the Oneonta Daily Star.
Tanya Tucker has postponed a concert because of health concerns.
What I can't explain is why carpooling has declined 50% since 1980, even as traffic gets worse and gas gets more expensive.
Carpooling has declined 50% since 1980.
A Manchester police officer was shot multiple times on Wednesday night and was listed in serious but stable condition at a city hospital, authorities said.
A Manchester officer was shot multiple times.
Top-ranked Deer Creek stayed alive with a 6-5 victory over fourth-ranked Claremore in the Class 5A State Baseball Tournament on Thursday night at Hinch Field.
Deer Creek stayed alive with a victory.
Qantas records big lift in net profit Updated: 15:53, Thursday February 21, 2013 Qantas Airways shares have risen after the airline reported a hefty lift in first half net profit and an improved performance at its struggling international division.
Qantas records big lift in net profit.
Can you imagine how much gas is burned waiting for red lights to change?
Much gas is burned waiting for red lights to change.
Barack Obama was accused of putting his desire for re-election before America's national security on Monday, after being caught hinting to President Dmitry Medvedev that he would offer concessions to Russia on defence if he were re-elected.
Barack Obama was accused, after being caught hinting Dmitry Medvedev would offer concessions.
Five immigrant boats have reached the coast of Murcia over recent days, with the latest two spotted as they were reaching separate beaches in Cartagena on Sunday.
Five immigrant boats have reached the coast of Murcia.
A local girl was honored by the Lexington chapter of the Woodmen of the World on Thursday for saving her father's life this summer.
A girl was honored for saving her father's life.
A day after the governor announced plans to slash $300 million from the education budget, state leaders said more cuts may be needed to keep the state out of the red.
More cuts may be needed to keep the state out of the red.
Ariz. warned of second lawsuit Feds to use racial profiling as 'tools' against illegals law By Stephen Dinan The Obama administration could file yet another lawsuit against Arizona if it decides racial profiling is taking place under that state's new immigration law, Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said.
Ariz. warned of second lawsuit Feds.
Speakers discussed the various ways popular media could lend a hand in urban development.
Popular media could lend a hand in urban development.
The Greek state budget deficit reached 9.1 percent of GDP in 2011, down from 10.3 percent the previous year, the Greek Statistics Authority ELSTAT announced on Monday.
The Greek budget deficit reached 9.1 percent.
Mass layoffs rose in February, according to seasonally adjusted numbers released today by the US Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Mass layoffs rose in February.
A local charity that gives away braces to kids in need has hit a major milestone -- 100 patients -- in a little less than three years in existence.
A local charity that gives braces has hit.
Newcastle defender Steven Taylor is set to miss the rest of the season after learning he needs surgery on his injured Achilles.
Newcastle defender Steven Taylor is set to miss the rest of the season.
Almost four million euro in funding has been allocated to Galway city and county for housing adaptation grants.
Almost four million euro has been allocated for housing adaptation grants.
The Australian share market is set to open lower after a fall on Wall Street due to lower consumer confidence.
The Australian market is set to open lower.
President Barack Obama responds to a question at his first press conference since winning reelection in Nov. 2012.
Barack Obama responds at his first press conference since winning reelection.
A man made sexual remarks to two teenaged girls at the Mill Pond March 14, Halton police said.
A man made sexual remarks to two teenaged girls at the Mill Pond March 14.
General Motors confirmed yesterday that it has received three final offers for its Opel business which includes Vauxhall in the UK.
General Motors has received three offers for its Opel business.
Gas utility GAIL India Ltd today said it would invest Rs 8,000 crore for laying three new gas pipelines by 2012.
GAIL India Ltd would invest Rs 8,000 crore.
Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez are obviously dating, even though neither of them will admit to it.
Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez are dating.
A security guard shot a man who had been breaking into his vehicle, Houston police said.
A security guard shot a man.
Conservative activist and media leader Andrew Breitbart died early on Thursday from natural causes at age 43, according to an announcement on his website.
Activist and media leader Andrew Breitbart died from causes at age 43.
A man who never fully recovered from a motorbike accident died of a drug overdose, an inquest heard.
A man died of a drug overdose.
A judge has ruled that a man accused of drowning a woman in a bathtub last year is competent to stand trial.
A man accused of drowning a woman is competent to stand trial.
Benefits of quitting outweigh the kilos Updated: 11:39, Wednesday March 13, 2013 Quitting smoking sharply reduces the risk of heart disease - even if kicking the habit comes along with a few extra pounds, according to a long-term study.
Benefits of quitting outweigh the kilos.
Asian stocks rose, paring a weekly decline for the benchmark index, on optimism over corporate earnings and as Japan pledged ā??appropriateā?? action to curb the yenā??s gains.
Asian stocks rose over earnings.
Asus' latest Transformer tablet, the quad-core Transformer Prime, has finally showed its face in some real reviews and although there are a couple of glitches, the Tegra 3, high-quality build and a good screen certainly make this one the best tablets around.
Asus ' Transformer tablet has showed in some reviews.
Boeing Co. has delivered its first 737 with engine fuel economy enhancements to a Chinese airline, the company said today.
Boeing Co. has delivered its first 737 with engine fuel economy enhancements.
Dunkin Donuts is giving out free coffee all day in Chicago today--limit one per person--as a thank you for the city's work in trying to secure the bid.
Dunkin Donuts is giving out free coffee in Chicago.
The UAE is not heading towards deflation even though prices are falling, Minister of Economy Sultan bin Saeed Al Mansouri said yesterday.
The UAE is not heading towards deflation.
The victims of the 9/11 terrorist attacks in the US were remembered a special ceremony in The Hague on Sunday, attended by prime minister Mark Rutte and the US ambassador to the Netherlands, Fay Hartog-Levin.
The victims of the 9/11 terrorist attacks were remembered a ceremony in The Hague.
Plymouth is launching a new community watch program to keep its residents safe.
Plymouth is launching a new community watch program.
Aviation fuel sold at 6 NJ gas stations More than 80,000 gallons of aviation fuel that was mistakenly delivered to six gas stations in New Jersey is being removed from storage tanks.
Aviation fuel sold at 6 NJ gas stations is being removed.
Shaw Communications Inc. announced today that its Board of Directors has declared monthly dividends of $0.073333 on Shaw''s Class B Non-Voting Participating Shares and $0.073125 on Shaw''s Class A Participating Shares, payable on each of December 30, 2010, January 28, 2011 and February 25, 2011 to all holders of record at the close of business December 15, 2010, January 15, 2011 and February 15, 2011, respectively.
Board has declared monthly dividends on Shaw.
A rabid squirrel, an ``extraordinarily rare'' condition for the species according to experts, attacked a Iowa woman last week.
A rabid squirrel attacked a Iowa woman.
The UALR volleyball team finished the three match weekend with a 3-0 sweep of Louisiana-Lafayette Sunday at the Jack Stephens Center.
The UALR volleyball team finished the weekend with a 3 0 sweep of Louisiana-Lafayette Sunday.
Why are homeowners reporting that their glass door suddenly shattered?
Their glass door suddenly shattered.
The Indian market erased early gains to end modestly lower on Monday, as domestic concerns over inflation and interest rates and the debt issues in the US and European Union kept investors on the sidelines.
The Indian market erased early gains.
Two students Shanawaz and Abdulla of Mahatma Gandhi Memorial College were drowned in a pond near Nairkere, Udupi on wednesday.
Two students were drowned in a pond.
In April, cybercriminals were seen exploiting users of major social networking sites in order to spread malware and spam surveys, according to GFI Software.
Cybercriminals were seen exploiting users of social networking sites.
A plane got stuck in the snow at YLW Monday morning.
A plane got stuck in the snow.
After choosing not to pursue arbitration in the anti-doping case, Lance Armstrong will lose all his Tour de France titles and records by Friday.
Lance Armstrong will lose his Tour de France titles and records.
Financial planning dealer group WHK has grown its ownership footprint in both Queensland and New Zealand, announcing three tuck-in arrangements with existing member firms.
WHK has grown its ownership footprint.
Natural gas prices fell more than 2 percent Thursday after the government reported that US supplies, though not enough to justify higher prices.
Natural gas prices fell more than 2 percent.
AUSTRIAN cyclist Bernhard Kohl has been banned for two years by the national anti-doping agency for using the blood booster CERA at this year's Tour de France.
Bernhard Kohl has been banned for two years.
Page three girl Nicola McLean showed she can hold her own on I'm A Celebrity last night as she munched on crocodile eyes, crickets, a crocodile foot, and even kangaroo testicles.
Nicola McLean can hold on I 'm.
A former Olympic Games boxer facing trial over a road-rage incident has lost a bid to have the case abandoned, despite arguing the four-year delay breached his human rights.
A boxer has lost a bid to have the case abandoned.
Michael Morton walked out of the Georgetown courthouse late Tuesday afternoon a free man after 25 years behind bars.
Michael Morton walked Tuesday afternoon a free man.
The Akwesasne Warriors won't be returning to the Federal Hockey League, league commissioner Don Kirnan confirmed.
The Akwesasne Warriors won't be returning to the Federal Hockey League.
Federal prosecutors announced today that two former Grimaldi's Pizzeria employees have plead guilty to immigration document fraud.
Two former Grimaldi's employees have plead guilty to immigration document fraud.
Singer/songwriter DIDO is still struggling to shed her baby weight following the birth of her son in 2011 because she ``ate for Britain'' during her pregnancy.
DIDO is struggling to shed her baby weight.
Canadian military equipment remain trapped in Afghanistan as the Pakistani government continues to refuse to reopen NATO supply lines into the country.
Canadian military equipment remain trapped in Afghanistan.
Charlottesville police are investigating the first homicide in the city for 2012 and the first in more than 13 months.
Charlottesville police are investigating the homicide.
Axl Rose demands a square melon on his tour rider, an exotic item ``that absolutely can't be missed.''
Axl Rose demands a square melon.
A first German auto parts company declared bankruptcy on Monday, saying it was the result of slumping orders and restricted credit.
A German auto parts company declared bankruptcy.
On December 12, a gala concert of the Republican contest of gifted children ``Zvezdochki Kavkaza'' will take place in Makhachkala.
A gala concert of the contest of gifted children will take place in Makhachkala.
In Other Hip Hop News, T-Pain just announced that he's going on strike until record sales increase.
T-Pain's going on strike until record sales increase.
Iran will start exporting natural gas to Oman through an undersea pipeline by March 2012, Iran's Deputy Oil Minister Javad Oji says.
Iran will start exporting gas to Oman.
SOUTH Korea will resume United States beef imports from Thursday after securing extra health safeguards aimed at placating protesters, officials said.
SOUTH Korea will resume United States beef imports from Thursday.
'Horrid Henry' star Theo Stevenson was ``starstruck'' by co-star Kimberley Walsh.
Theo Stevenson was starstruck by Kimberley Walsh.
Rapper and music producer T-Pain slammed ``homophobic idiots'' on Twitter earlier this week, condemning people for misjudging his gay assistant.
T-Pain slammed homophobic idiots on Twitter.
An El Segundo tax preparer who filed false claims and failed to file his own returns is expected to plead guilty to federal charges later this week.
An El Segundo tax preparer is expected to plead guilty to federal charges.
A popular Mexican restaurant in Richland re-opens after a fire last May forced the owners to completely rebuild it.
A popular Mexican restaurant re-opens forced.
The Redskins have tendered an offer to QB Jason Campbell worth 110% of last year's salary, which is over $3.1 million, according to ESPN's Adam Shefter.
The Redskins have tendered an offer to Jason Campbell.
INVISTA, one of the world's largest integrated fibers and polymers businesses, recently opened its new airbag fiber manufacturing plant in Qingpu District, Shanghai.
INVISTA opened its new airbag fiber plant in Qingpu District, Shanghai.
DICKINSON, Texas One girl is in critical condition at a Houston hospital and another is hospitalized at Clear Lake Regional Medical Center after both drank lighter fluid Saturday, Dickinson police said.
One girl is and another is hospitalized drank lighter fluid.
Verizon Wireless in Taylors is accepting new or gently used children's books through March 30 to benefit the early childhood literacy programs hosted by The Children's Museum of the Upstate.
Verizon Wireless is accepting new or gently used children's books.
As one of his accusers attempts to be freed from a confidentiality agreement, businessman Herman Cain went after his detractors in a radio interview Thursday and again accused political opponents of trying to tank his campaign.
Herman Cain went after his detractors in a radio interview.
Syrian Labor Minister Diala Haj Aref said Saturday that Syria is facing real difficulties in fighting against child labor which is rampant in the country.
Syria is facing difficulties in fighting against child labor.
BRIAN Gay won the Humana Challenge on Sunday, beating Charles Howell III with a 5 1/2-foot birdie putt on the second hole of a playoff after front-running Scott Stallings gave away a large lead.
BRIAN Gay won the Humana Challenge.
Township police are investigating a robbery at Pizza Hut, Sans Souci Parkway, late Tuesday morning.
Police are investigating a robbery at Pizza Hut.
A 43-year-old Ottawa woman convicted of uttering threats and animal cruelty has been banned from Kingston, Ont., as a condition of her probation.
A woman has been banned from Kingston, Ont..
A man has been stabbed for not knowing that hip-hop power couple Beyonce and Jay-Z were not married and expecting a baby.
A man has been stabbed for not knowing Beyonce and Jay-Z were not married and expecting a baby.
Celebrity chef Jamie Oliver and his wife Jools welcomed a baby girl to their family on Friday.
Celebrity chef Jamie Oliver welcomed a baby girl.
Centene Corporation today announced it will present at two upcoming healthcare conferences in the next few weeks.
Centene Corporation will present at two upcoming healthcare conferences.
GeoEye Inc. shares made a partial comeback on Wednesday.
GeoEye Inc. shares made a partial comeback.
Dräger boosts EBIT before non-recurring expenses Corporate news announcement processed and transmitted by Hugin ASA.
Dräger boosts EBIT before non-recurring expenses announcement.
Asus and Google rumoured to partner on a $199 7-inch Tegra 3-powered Nexus tablet, Google Play?
Asus and Google rumoured to partner on a $ 199 7 inch.
Nissan is to reveal a new NV400 chassis cab range at the forthcoming CV Show in April, providing attendees to the show with an exclusive preview of the new models.
Nissan is to reveal a new NV400 chassis cab range.
``Zee Next was incurring some losses and we have now put the channel on suspension mode. No additional investments will be made in the channel,'' said Subhash Chandra, Chairman, ZEEL, while speaking to analysts after the announcement of the company's annual and quarterly results on April 22, 2009.
Zee Next was incurring and we have put on suspension mode. No additional investments will be made, said Subhash Chandra.
16th District US Congressman John Boccieri stopped by the WMFD studios to talk about his first 100 days in office, and eye-opening experience in his own right.
US Congressman John Boccieri stopped by the WMFD studios.
The Boston Red Sox have recalled left-handed reliever Hunter Jones from Triple-A Pawtucket.
The Boston Red Sox have recalled Hunter Jones.
The Gores Group, a leading Los Angles based private equity firm, today announced that through an affiliate it has agreed to acquire the United States operations of Hypercom Corporation.
The Gores Group has agreed to acquire the United States operations of Hypercom Corporation.
Tonight, Helen Mirren will host Saturday Night Live; the musical guest is Foo Fighters.
Tonight, Helen Mirren will host Saturday Night Live.
You are reading part nine of a ten part series that shows you how to teach your elementary-age child to write a novel, and in the process become a wiser, more thoughtful reader of books written by others.
That shows how to teach your child to write a novel.
A cat who was born without lower leg bones has learned how to walk on his elbows after going through a period of rehabilitation with an animal rights charity group.
A cat who was born without leg bones has learned to walk.
Travis Pastrana, the charismatic Moto X, X Games and American rally racing icon, is crossing over to NASCAR to compete as a driver and team owner.
Travis Pastrana, is crossing to NASCAR.
Glencore International Plc agreed to buy Viterra Inc for C$16.25 a share in cash, the companies said in a joint statement today.
Glencore International Plc agreed to buy Viterra Inc for C $ 16.25 a share in cash.
A Boston street worker is facing gun charges, authorities said.
A Boston street worker is facing gun charges.
Third-seeded Novak Djokovic won the Paris Masters for the first time by defeating Frenchman Gael Monfils 6-2, 5-7, 7-6 in Sunday's final.
Novak Djokovic won the Paris Masters.
Most major Asian stock markets gained modestly Monday as a weaker yen underpinned exporting stocks in Japan but expectations of dire fourth quarter results from US companies kept a lid on gains.With President-elect Barack Obama's inauguration on Tuesday, sentiment has been supported in recent days by hopes that the new US administration will act boldly to revive the ailing American economy, a vital export market for Asia.
Major Asian stock markets gained modestly.
In a letter to the Parliamentary Treasury Committee, he said the Bank should be put in charge of the forthcoming regime for rescuing banks.
The Bank should be put for rescuing banks.
Mumford \u0026 Sons have announced details of their new album 'Babel' produced by Markus Dravs.
Mumford \u0026 Sons have announced details of their new album Babel.
The NC Court of Appeals has upheld the first-degree murder conviction an Alleghany County man who killed his son in 2005.
The NC Court of Appeals has upheld the murder conviction an Alleghany County man.
The relay hunger strike organized by the Sharmila Kanba Lup at the Porompat PDA Complex entered its 18th day today.
The relay hunger strike entered its 18th day.
Lady Gaga threw a royal wedding-themed party to mark the end of her tour.
Lady Gaga threw a royal party.
Sinitta has admitted that Simon Cowell was a ``horrible cheat'' during their on-off relationship which lasted for 16 years.
Sinitta has admitted Simon Cowell was a horrible cheat.
Students are being encouraged to minimise their waste through a play currently touring schools across Hertfordshire.
Students are being encouraged to minimise their waste.
She is urging everyone to stay inside until after the storm passes.
She is urging to stay inside.
HRH also received another cable from Shaikh Sabah Al Ahmed Al Jaber Al Sabah thanking him over HRH's condolatory cable on the death of Shaikh Ahmed Mohammed Faisal Al Malik Al Sabah.
HRH received another cable thanking him.
Hundreds of medical students marched from Ichilov Hospital to the Beit Ariella library in Tel Aviv Friday morning to express disapproval with agreements reached last week between the Israel Medical Federation and the Finance Ministry regarding hospital tours of duty for interns.
Hundreds of medical students marched in Tel Aviv.
Tuesday saw Fernando Alonso back testing the new R29 Renault at the race track in Jerez in two sessions, both morning and afternoon.
Fernando Alonso back testing at the track in Jerez.
06/11/09 12:18pm Washington -- he Dallas Stars hired Marc Crawford as their new coach Thursday, bringing in a well-traveled NHL veteran to replace the fired Dave Tippett.
He Dallas Stars hired Marc Crawford as their coach.
A COVENTRY University student has been charged with the murder of a teenager in Manchester.
A COVENTRY University student has been charged with the murder of a teenager.
Tyrannosaurus rex had the most powerful bite of any creature that ever walked the Earth, according to scientists.
Tyrannosaurus rex had the most powerful bite.
``An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory. Don't be too timid and squeamish about your actions.''
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory.
Justin Bieber is the highest paid young performer in the world this year, earning a staggering $300,000 for every concert he performs.
Justin Bieber is, earning a $ 300,000 for every concert.
Arroyo endorsed her former defence chief as her successor on Thursday although major defections hit the Philippines' largest political party ahead of presidential elections next May.
Arroyo endorsed as her successor.
A liberal policy group is proposing a tax hike on oil and gas profits ahead of Gov. John Kasich's State of the State speech Tuesday in an region where drilling has proliferated.
A group is proposing a tax hike on oil and gas profits.
Authorities say several funnel clouds have been spotted in the mid-Atlantic area, but no injuries have been reported.
Funnel clouds have been spotted in the mid-Atlantic area.
Sweden forward Markus Rosenberg is moving to Racing Santander from Werder Bremen on a one-year loan deal despite extending his contract at the Bundesliga club by a year to 2012.
Sweden forward Markus Rosenberg is moving to Racing Santander from Werder Bremen.
A ROBBER has been jailed for his part in a vicious attack which resulted in a pair of earrings being ripped from a woman's ears.
A ROBBER has been jailed in a vicious attack.
WASHINGTON ― The Supreme Court on Monday struck down part of the anti-fraud law enacted in response to the Enron and other corporate scandals from the early 2000s, but said its decision has limited consequences.
Supreme Court struck down part of the anti-fraud law.
Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson is poised for an unprecedented £100 million plus summer transfer buying campaign.
Alex Ferguson is poised for an £ 100 million plus summer transfer buying campaign.
Doctors hail the first US face transplant announcing the successful replacement of 80 percent of a woman's face.
Doctors hail the first US face transplant.
Former Ivory Coast president Laurent Gbagbo made his first appearance on Monday before the International Criminal Court where he blamed the French military for his arrest for crimes against humanity.
Laurent Gbagbo blamed the French military.
A South Side woman was found shot to death this morning in a car in Chicago's Woodlawn neighborhood.
A South Side woman was found shot to death in a car.
Transave Inc., a Monmouth Junction, NJ-based developer of inhaled drugs for site-specific treatment of serious lung diseases, has raised $35 million in Series D funding.
Transave Inc., has raised $ 35 million.
Pop star and actress Jennifer Lopez has given birth to twins, a boy and a girl, early this morning.
Star and Jennifer Lopez has given birth to twins.
The BJP today defended its decision to form a government headed by it in Jharkhand and said the decision was taken to keep Congress out of power in the politically fragile state.
The BJP today defended its decision to form a government headed in Jharkhand.
US stocks headed for a moderately higher open Monday as investors awaited a regional manufacturing report and examined a change at the top of insurer American International Group Inc.
Stocks headed for a moderately higher open Monday.
The Chickasaw Nation has extended its deadline to submit photographs by young photographers for display at the new Chickasaw Nation Visitors' Center in Sulphur, Oklahoma.
The Chickasaw Nation has extended its deadline to submit by young photographers.
The Royal Swazi Spa Group of Hotels has experienced situations in which some of their guests have checked out without settling their bills.
Some of their guests have checked out without settling their bills.
UMass Lowell head coach Norm Bazin was named a finalist for the Spencer Penrose Award on Tuesday, as announced by the American Hockey Coaches Association and FlexxCoach.
Norm Bazin was named a finalist for the Spencer Penrose Award.
Washington, Oct 9 Scientists have successfully produced liver cells from patients' skin cells, potentially opening the way to treating a range of diseases that affect the liver's functioning.
Scientists have produced liver cells from patients ' skin cells.
MSNBC reports that Starbucks is closing 600 stores.
Starbucks is closing 600 stores.
Mr Pascal Lamy, the Director General of the World Trade Organization has clarified that the ``Buy American'', provision in the recently released stimulus package, doe not violate global trade rules, because of the way it has been structured.
The Buy American, provision, not violate global trade rules.
It's the time for all of us Ball State alumni to descend upon Muncie once again for a celebration of epic proportions.
It's the time to descend again.
Both Giorgos Karagounis and Simon Davies will leave Fulham at the end of the season, upon the expiration of their respective contracts.
Giorgos Karagounis and Simon Davies will leave Fulham.
IB FX View Japanese support for dollar assets trumps Chinese data Friday June 12, 2009 The dollar is making weekly gains ahead of the Italian G8 summit at the weekend as some investors perhaps rein in short dollar positions for fear of warnings over dollar weakness should the world's richest nations deliver a communiqué.
Japanese support for dollar assets trumps Chinese data.
Boat manufacturer Sea Ray is idling a second plant in Knoxville for three months, furloughing about 240 hourly workers.
Sea Ray is idling a second plant.
CHINA has declared an emergency over a long dry spell threatening crops and farmers' incomes in the rural heartland, official media said on Thursday.
CHINA has declared an emergency.
Copper fell 3.6 percent on Monday, as suspicions grew that much of the material heading for China would be stockpiled, reinforcing worries about demand prospects.
Copper fell 3.6 percent.
State fisheries regulators rejected a proposed ban on large mesh gill nets used for flounder fishing, but adopted other restrictions Thursday to reduce the incidental capture of sea turtles in fishing nets.
Regulators rejected a ban on gill nets.
HOFFENHEIM, Germany - Croatia central defender Josip Simunic is joining Hoffenheim from Bundesliga rival Hertha Berlin on a three-year contract.
HOFFENHEIM, Croatia central defender Josip Simunic is joining.
Metro is cracking down on iThefts, trying to stop thieves from snatching riders' pricey electronic devices this holiday season, when the crimes typically spike.
Metro is cracking down on iThefts.
Legendary actor Pran, beloved star of hit movies like Don and Ram Aur Shyam, received his Dadasaheb Phalke award at his home in Mumbai.
Pran received his Dadasaheb Phalke award at his home.
A semitrailer collided with an overpass at I-35 and 12th Street.
A semitrailer collided with an overpass.
Katy Perry showed off her Christmas spirit at the Y100 Jingle Ball concert in Florida on Saturday night, wearing a sexy Mrs. Claus outfit.
Katy Perry showed off her Christmas spirit.
General Motors Corp. said Tuesday its Chevrolet Volt rechargeable electric car should get 230 miles per gallon of gasoline in city driving, more than four times the current champion, the Toyota Prius.
General Motors Corp. said its Chevrolet Volt rechargeable electric car should get 230 miles per gallon of gasoline in city driving.
Plant junior Alex Johnson, one of area's top outside hitters this past season, has committed to play collegiately at Georgetown.
Alex Johnson has committed to play at Georgetown.
The Turkish energy minister said on Thursday that the Russian president had called on European natural gas consumer countries to a meeting.
The Russian president had called on European natural gas consumer countries to a meeting.
Despite a 10-point lead midway through the second half Friday in Carrollton, the North Hall girls lost 62-57 to Carrollton in overtime in the opening round of the Class AAA state tournament.
The North Hall girls lost to Carrollton in overtime.
As I backed my trailer into my driveway, my wife came out asking what I was thinking.
What I was thinking.
American PS3-owning Netflix subscribers have been receiving notifications that the Netflix discs will be arriving soon.
The Netflix discs will be arriving soon.
The first blanket ban on smokers becoming foster parents has been imposed by a council.
The first blanket ban on smokers becoming foster parents has been imposed.
A son of state Sen. Julian Carroll was killed Sunday in a one-vehicle crash in Franklin County.
A son of state Sen. Julian Carroll was killed in a crash.
A nine year old girl who was held by her step mother at Hojai, Udaipur, Assam was today handed over to her real mother through the Imphal East SP.
A girl handed over to her mother.
Horror Author and Film Producer Lia Scott Price is launching comic book illustrations based on characters from her book.
Horror Author and Lia Scott Price is launching comic book illustrations.
Free agent options to replace Alex Rodriguez Alex Rodriguez will have January surgery to repair a torn labrum in his left hip, a bone impingement and the correction of a cyst -- which could leave the Yankees without his presence at third base until June.
Free agent options to replace Alex Rodriguez will have.
Dabhol power plant will shut two of its four generating units for maintenance from Thursday, a company source told reporters.
Dabhol plant will shut two of its four units for maintenance.
Hong Kong shares closed 1.1 per cent higher Thursday, boosted by a strong rally in Ping An Insurance after it ended a plan to buy half of Fortis' asset management arm, dealers said.
Hong Kong shares closed 1.1 per cent higher.
A prominent Missouri financial adviser and campaign fundraiser for President Barack Obama pleaded guilty Friday to stalking and harassing her daughter's ex-boyfriend.
A Missouri financial adviser fundraiser pleaded guilty to stalking her daughter's ex-boyfriend.
Iranian media say Iran has sent six warships to international waters, including the Gulf of Aden, just days after it test-fired a new ballistic missile.
Iran has sent six warships to international waters.
A second air strike targeted Libyan rebels just east of the strategic oil town Ras Lanuf on Monday and was met with a barrage of machine-gun fire, an AFP reporter said.
A air strike targeted Libyan rebels east of the town Ras Lanuf.
Kim Kardashian engagement ring was spotted in Monaco while on vacation with her fiance Kris Humphries and his family.
Kim Kardashian engagement ring was spotted in Monaco.
Twins left-hander Francisco Liriano was scratched from Wednesday's start with soreness and swelling in his left forearm.
Twins Francisco Liriano was scratched from Wednesday's start.
Asian markets fell sharply Monday as Chinese stocks plunged nearly 7 per cent and Japanese shares weakened after the country's opposition party came to power in a landslide victory.
Asian markets fell sharply as Chinese stocks plunged nearly 7 per cent.
Glasgow's High Court was evacuated on Thursday morning after a fire alarm went off in the building.
Glasgow's High Court was evacuated after a fire alarm went.
rue21, a clothing store focused on teen trends, opened a new location in Williamsburg on July 15.
Rue21 opened a location in Williamsburg.
India has said that Afghanistan needed a comprehensive strategy for domestic development that took into account its least developed country status, its landlocked situation, 30 years of conflict and the continued threat to the it's future posed by terrorism.
Afghanistan needed a comprehensive strategy for domestic development.
Egyptian authorities released 20 Yemeni fishermen on Friday that were arrested in June when they were found sailing in Egyptian territorial waters.
Egyptian authorities released 20 Yemeni fishermen.
Stoneleigh Partners Acquisition Corp. announced today that it received notice from the NYSE Alternext US, LLC indicating that it was below certain additional continued listing standards of the Exchange, specifically that the Company had not held an annual meeting of stockholders in 2008, as set forth in Section 704 of the Exchange's Company Guide.
Stoneleigh Partners Acquisition Corp. received notice, indicating it was below standards of the Exchange.
National news Snowfall blamed for drop in sales January's heavy snow saw retailers suffer a shock fall in sales last month after many small grocers were forced to shut up shop amid the freezing weather.
National news Snowfall blamed for drop in sales.
Although the defender has now started the last two Gillingham games and an extended run of games, as he told BBC Radio Kent, is exactly what he feels he needs: 'I still feel rusty, it's a run of games I need.
BBC Radio Kent's a run of games I need.
Patrick Swayze, the hunky actor who danced his way into moviegoers' hearts with ``Dirty Dancing'' and then broke them with ``Ghost,`` died Monday after a battle with pancreatic cancer. He was 57.
Patrick Swayze died. He was 57.
Well it appears that Osama Bin Laden is dead.
Osama Bin Laden is dead.
The Ministry of Works will be asking for more funds in the upcoming national budget, to help solve the water disruptions that have been faced in the last couple of months.
The Ministry of Works will be asking for more funds.
A Portland police forensics truck collided with a bicycle Wednesday night as the truck was pulling out of a parking lot.
A Portland police forensics truck collided with a bicycle.
We are the greatest agricultural production country in the world, but do you know where our food comes from?
Where our food comes from.
Socialite Paris Hilton has revealed that she is an amazing cook and loves to cook for her friends.
Paris Hilton is and loves to cook.
Central Oklahoma stayed No. 3 in the NCAA Division II Wrestling Coaches' Association rankings that were released Wednesday, with the defending national champions set to face a pair of top-10 opponents on the road this week.
Central Oklahoma stayed No. 3.
The Multan Health Department teams have confirmed 68 more tested positive cases of dengue fever amongst 33 were from Multan city.
68 more tested positive cases of dengue fever were from Multan city.
SYDNEY ― Influential Australian art critic, historian and writer Robert Hughes has died aged 74 in New York after a long illness, his family said Tuesday.
Australian art critic, and writer Robert Hughes has died.
NATO, which has existed since 1949, suffered its first ever military defeat and quickly moves to the loss in block-invented ``information war'' system.
NATO, which has existed, suffered its first ever military defeat.
A former youth pastor and teacher has accepted a plea deal on a sex charge in Gaston County.
A former youth pastor has accepted a plea deal on a sex charge.
Four prisoners were on Thursday afternoon holding 28 fellow inmates hostage at the Witbank Magistrate's Court after overpowering a prison guard.
Four prisoners were holding 28 fellow inmates hostage.
A Sumter County teenager was killed and three others were hurt in an overnight crash in Groverland.
A Sumter County teenager was killed in an overnight crash.
South Africa tightened the noose around India, reducing the visitors to 277 for six in the second innings at lunch on the fourth day of the first cricket Test here Sunday.
South Africa tightened the noose around India.
India needs to double infrastructure spending to achieve the high growth needed to lift millions out of poverty, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said on Tuesday.
India needs to double infrastructure spending.
So there's little chance of Gwyneth Paltrow blending into the crowd when she steps out in London.
There's chance of Gwyneth Paltrow blending into the crowd.
Javaris Crittenton waived his right to an extradition hearing and a judge on Wednesday ordered him to be moved to Atlanta, where he faces a murder charge in a drive-by shooting.
Javaris Crittenton waived his right to an extradition hearing.
Talking Points Memo is reporting that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will testify on the Benghazi attacks once her health improves.
Hillary Clinton will testify on the Benghazi attacks.
A San Diego man mauled to death by a grizzly bear he was photographing in Alaska's Denali National Park had taken mandatory bear awareness training but failed to stay a safe distance away from the wild animal as instructed, it was reported Sunday.
A San Diego man mauled to death by a grizzly bear had taken.
Sydney, Jan 3 Australia were the driving seat after a hectic first day's play in second cricket Test against India when 13 wickets feels at the Sydney Cricket Ground here on Tuesday.
Australia were the driving seat after a hectic first day's play.
Greek lawmakers have narrowly passed a crucial austerity bill by majority vote, but with heavy dissent from within the three-party governing coalition.
Greek lawmakers have passed a austerity bill.
Stocks are seeking direction at opening this morning, on the last trading day before the weekend when lawmakers hope to resolve the health-care reform legislation.
Stocks are seeking direction at opening.
Olympic champion Carlo Janka of Switzerland won a men's World Cup giant slalom race Saturday, 10 days after having surgery to correct an irregular heartbeat.
Carlo Janka won a giant slalom race.
Lehman Brothers credit protection costs soared to a record on Thursday and some of its bonds traded near distressed levels as analysts voiced skepticism about a revival plan for the investment bank laid out on Wednesday by Chief Executive Dick Fuld.
Lehman Brothers credit protection costs soared to a record.
A 21-year-old college student was arrested after he stripped down at airport security to reveal the Fourth Amendment written on his chest and stomach.
A college student was arrested after he stripped down at airport security.
International young crooner Charlie Green on Tuesday signed a 2-year contract with Viva Records.
Charlie Green signed a contract with Viva Records.
A 47-year-old Weatherford man was killed in a motorcycle accident Saturday near Azle.
A Weatherford man was killed in a accident.
Mortal remains of late Professor Naorem Sanajaoba was put to rest near the community pond of Lairikyengbam Maning Leikai amidst customary religious rituals today.
Mortal remains was put to rest.
Giants center fielder Aaron Rowand left Tuesday night's game against the New York Mets in the ninth inning due to back spasms.
Aaron Rowand left in the ninth inning due to back spasms.
LinkedIn, the effective social network for professional networking has officially launched a version of its mobile app for Windows Phone.
LinkedIn, has launched a version of its app for Windows Phone.
Michigan's Gov. Rick Snyder plans to greet President Barack Obama at Detroit Metropolitan Airport.
Michigan's Gov. Rick Snyder plans to greet Barack Obama.
Rihanna is reportedly gearing up to release 'Talk That Talk' as her next single and will include a new verse from Kanye West.
Rihanna is gearing up to release Talk That Talk as her next single and will include a new verse from Kanye West.
Rapper Waka Flocka Flame and three other men were questioned Wednesday after a shootout at a car stereo store in which one person was wounded, police said.
Waka Flocka Flame were questioned after a shootout at a car stereo store.
BRITISH Airways is to resume flights to Libya in May, the airline announced, 15 months after they were suspended as the country descended into bloodshed.
BRITISH Airways is to resume flights to Libya.
Across the state, Generation West Virginia will be holding town hall programs throughout April.
Generation West Virginia will be holding town hall programs.
Jump luminaire from Philips Lighting has won the red dot design award 2011 in the product design category.
Jump luminaire has won the red dot design award 2011.
Skype, the Internet-based telephony company which eBay plans to spin off in 2010, claims it's gaining a new audience -- business users.
Skype's gaining -- business users.
ACT Health Minister Katy Gallagher will meet with obstetricians on Monday to discuss concerns about the Canberra Hospital's working environment.
Katy Gallagher will meet with obstetricians.
Painful sounding Northern outfit Mike Got Spiked have announced a January tour, which will take in five spots around the country.
Outfit have announced a tour.
Ubisoft has announced the launch of its world-class performance capture studio in Toronto, a facility that will support the creation of high-quality content for games.
Ubisoft has announced the launch of its performance capture studio in Toronto.
KANYE West must have got to the front of the queue for make-up and props when he filmed this cameo role for a sequel to the 2004 hit comedy Anchorman.
KANYE West filmed this cameo role for a sequel hit Anchorman.
Reformer Anna Hazare, on day three of his hunger strike demanding a more powerful anti-graft law, Thursday apologised to former Bharatiya Janata Party leader Uma Bharati who was asked to leave the protest site a day earlier.
Anna Hazare apologised to Uma Bharati.
Asia is going to be way short of the new H1N1 vaccine to fight swine flu when the next surge of infections hits during the cold season this year, a spokesman for the World Health Organization said on Tuesday.
Asia is going to be way short of the vaccine to fight swine flu.
The cast for the new James Bond movie, Skyfall, has been confirmed with Javier Bardem playing the villain role.
The cast for the new James Bond movie has been confirmed.
New York web designer Paul Ceglia, who has filed a suit against Facebook and its CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, claims he owns an 84% stake in Facebook.
Paul Ceglia, claims he owns an 84% stake in Facebook.
Ancient mangrove forests, such as those buried in the coastal regions of the Caribbean, can protect buildings against earthquakes, according to researchers working on the French island of Guadeloupe.
Mangrove forests can protect buildings against earthquakes.
The government will take steps to stop misuse of business visas during employment process in the country, Union minister Shashi Tharoor today said.
The government will take steps to stop misuse of business visas.
A nurse has been suspended for leaving a premature baby with a stranger at a regional airport so she could catch a flight home to Adelaide, Australia.
A nurse has been suspended for leaving a baby with a stranger at a airport.
An Emirati was found dead in a hospital car park in Sharjah under mysterious circumstances.
An Emirati was found dead in a car park in Sharjah.
The London Borough of Bromley is seeking expressions of interest from a suitably experienced development and management partner who will fund, design, construct, manage, maintain and operate a multi sports hub in Norman Park, Bromley.
The London Borough is seeking from a development and management partner who will fund, design, construct, manage, maintain and operate a multi sports hub.
Olympic sprinter Oscar Pistorius, the double-amputee revered in South Africa for overcoming his disability to compete in the London Games last year, wept in court Friday as he faced a murder charge in connection with the fatal shooting of his girlfriend.
Sprinter Oscar Pistorius wept as he faced a murder charge.
At least 41 people were killed when a sleeper bus caught fire in central China, the official Xinhua news agency reported Friday.
A sleeper bus caught fire in China.
The miracle cure for losing weight is knowing that there is no miracle cure.
The miracle cure for losing weight is knowing.
An Amtrak train heading from St. Louis to Chicago derailed Sunday night in Granite City, IL.
An Amtrak train derailed in Granite City.
Veteran actress Sharmila Tagore opposed capital punishment for rape saying death is neither the ultimate punishment nor a deterrent.
Sharmila Tagore opposed capital punishment for rape.
Katy Perry and hip-hop star Travis McCoy have split just weeks after the singer denied reports the couple was engaged.
Katy Perry and Travis McCoy have split.
European stocks climbed as investors awaited the results of Portugal's debt sale today.
European stocks climbed.
Asian foreign ministers met on Sunday ahead of the continent's biggest security dialogue, under the shadow of the Jakarta bomb attacks and North Korea's nuclear programme.
Ministers met, under the shadow of the Jakarta attacks.
Former NFL wide receiver Chad Johnson has been sentenced to 30 days in a Fort Lauderdale jail for violating his probation in a domestic abuse case against his ex-wife and reality TV personality Evelyn Lozada.
Chad Johnson has been sentenced to 30 days in a jail.
THE FBI investigated whether Anna Nicole Smith plotted to kill her tycoon husband's son as they battled for his father's fortune, but the former Playboy Playmate who died in 2007 was never prosecuted, newly released files show.
THE FBI investigated Anna Nicole Smith plotted.
A West Virginia man is missing in a Maryland state forest after getting separated from his ginseng hunting party.
A West Virginia man is missing in a Maryland state forest.
A 42-year-old Hardin, Texas man has been sentenced to federal prison for firearms violations in the Eastern District of Texas announced US Attorney John M. Bales today.
Man has been sentenced to federal prison for firearms violations.
Chris, the first Atlantic Ocean hurricane of the season and now has weakened to a tropical storm, far offshore from Canada.
Chris, the first Atlantic Ocean hurricane has weakened to a tropical storm.
George David Weiss, who helped write chart-topping pop hits including ``Can't Help Falling in Love'' and ``What a Wonderful World,'' has died.
George David Weiss, who helped write including Can't Help Falling in Love, has died.
Coatings specialist Zircotec lent its technical and commercial support to 10 teams at Formula Student 2011 held at Silverstone last weekend.
Zircotec lent its support to 10 teams at Formula Student 2011.
MP Nadim Gemayel warned on Sunday that if Hezbollah used its arms again inside Lebanon ``then we will confront it with weapons too.''
Nadim Gemayel warned if Hezbollah used its arms inside Lebanon we will confront.
Wholesalers cut their inventories in February by the steepest amount in more than 17 years, while sales rose for the first time since the summer, encouraging signs that companies may be getting their inventories under control.
Wholesalers cut their inventories.
Former Gossip Girl star Leighton Meester is dating former teen soap star Adam Brody.
Leighton Meester is dating Adam Brody.
Hall of Fame linebacker Lawrence Taylor pleaded not guilty on Tuesday to an indictment that alleges he had sex with a 16-year-old girl in a New York hotel room.
Hall of Lawrence Taylor pleaded not guilty.
Hip-hop star Jay-Z is lending his support to US presidential candidate Barack Obama by holding two free concerts in his honor.
Jay-Z is lending his support to Barack Obama.
London, Jul 7 Former ''Friends'' star Jennifer Aniston ``thoroughly enjoyed'' talking dirty for her role as man-eating dentist in new movie ''Horrible Bosses''.
Jennifer Aniston enjoyed talking dirty.
Florence Welch, lead singer of Florence and the Machine has admitted that she once got so drunk she set fire to her hotel room.
Florence Welch got drunk she set fire to her hotel room.
But a commonly used drug may be able to prevent arthritis from happening to you.
But a commonly used drug may be able to prevent arthritis.
POLICE officers shot and injured a man in Waltham Forest after they stopped a car allegedly involved in an earlier shooting, it has emerged.
POLICE officers shot a man in Waltham Forest.
Chris Brown has revealed that he wants to make Michael Jackson proud of him, after the revelation that the two were to work together.
Chris Brown wants to make Michael Jackson proud.
School leaders say an elementary student was left sleeping on the school bus Wednesday evening.
An student was left sleeping on the school bus.
CI Financial Corp. today announced key management appointments that reflect the strength and development of the executive team.
CI Financial Corp. today announced key management appointments.
Nevirapine may not always be the best choice for peripartum antiretroviral treatment, according to the results of 2 randomized controlled trial studies reported in the October 14 issue of the New England Journal of Medicine.
Nevirapine may not always be the best choice for peripartum antiretroviral treatment.
President Barack Obama had been summoned for jury duty at the Bridgeview courthouse beginning Monday.
Barack Obama had been summoned for jury duty.
NC Sen. Marc Basnight, D-Dare By Erin James Marc Basnight, the Dare County Democrat who harnessed more than 25 years of legislative power to funnel millions of dollars into northeastern North Carolina, will resign Jan. 25, the day before he was to relinquish the most powerful seat in the state Senate.
Sen. Marc Basnight, will resign.
Police say five people inside a car escaped injury when a gunman opened fire on the car outside a San Jose nightclub but hit no one inside the car.
A gunman opened fire on the car outside a San Jose nightclub.
Average retail gasoline prices in Sacramento have risen 5.8 cents per gallon in the past week, averaging $2.90/g today.
Retail gasoline prices in Sacramento have risen 5.8 cents per gallon, averaging.
WHO do you muzzle when a man tries to bite a police dog?
A man tries to bite a police dog.
President Thabo Mbeki is meeting with Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe at State House in Harare.
Thabo Mbeki is meeting with Robert Mugabe.
Spire Healthcare, one of the UK's biggest private hospital providers, has doubled sales of services to the NHS in the past five years, as it seeks to compensate for a recession-led decline in medical insurance patients.
Spire Healthcare has doubled sales to the NHS.
``I talked to Bob Arum about it and he just told me to let him do his job.
I talked and Bob Arum told me.
British Nobel laureate Harold Pinter, who produced some of his generation's most influential dramas and later became a staunch critic of the US-led war in Iraq, has died.
Laureate Harold Pinter has died.
Area students graduated from Carl Albert State College in Poteau on May 10 in the Mick Thompson Fitness Center.
Area students graduated from Carl Albert State College.
Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani has categorically his stance and said that former president Pervez Musharraf will ``definitely'' be arrested if he returns to Pakistan.
Pervez Musharraf will definitely be arrested if he returns.
A Columbus man has died in a mobile home fire early this morning.
A Columbus man has died in a mobile home fire.
The Detroit Tigers added a possible bullpen addition this morning, signing right-hander Juan Rincon, to a minor league contract.
The Detroit Tigers added, signing Juan Rincon, to a minor league contract.
EACS added another award to their achievements last week when they won the Datacentre Solution of the Year category at the European IT Excellence Awards 2012.
EACS won at the European IT Excellence Awards 2012.
Dubai's Emaar Properties, the largest Arab developer by market value, said on Saturday it would begin to buy back shares, which have fallen by nearly 50 per cent this year.
Dubai's Emaar Properties would begin to buy back shares.
Concern has been expressed by the Interim Minister for Health at the data released by the Ministry which shows a total of 1517 teenage pregnancy cases were reported for the year 2006 alone.
A total of 1517 teenage pregnancy cases were reported.
Average Jacksonville area Apartment rent rates rose in the third quarter, continuing a recovery from a rent decrease at the end of 2009, according to apartment search and market website rentjungle.com.
Apartment rent rates rose in the third quarter.
The state of emergency in Thailand's capital Bangkok and other provinces could not be lifted yet, Deputy Prime Minister Suthep Thaugsubansaid on Thursday, the Nation online reported.
The state of emergency could not be lifted yet.
Tori Spelling gave birth to her fourth child Thursday night, announcing it to her 800,000 followers on Twitter with the words, ``It's a boy!!!!''
Tori Spelling gave birth.
Matt Damon and his wife of 8 years Luciana have renewed their wedding vows in the Caribbean.
Matt Damon have renewed their wedding vows.
If you sift through Microsoft Support knowledge base then you may get the inkling that Windows Phone 7 may be getting an update soon.
Windows Phone 7 may be getting an update.
Emirates has opened a new office in Um Al Quwain, United Arab Emirates.
Emirates has opened a new office in Um Al Quwain.
Financial services companies scaled back political donations last fiscal year, according to the latest data from the Australian Electoral Commission.
Financial services companies scaled back political donations.
Just don't panic yet, though, as there's a lot of reason to believe that Rampage will be back in the UFC before the mainstream fans even know what happened.
Rampage will be back in the UFC.
Oft-injured Iowa tight end Tony Moeaki is once again healthy and producing for the 7th-ranked Hawkeyes.
Iowa tight end Tony Moeaki is healthy and producing for the Hawkeyes.
A shooting in Shreveport Thursday night leaves one man dead and the alleged gunmen are still on the run.
A shooting in Shreveport leaves one man dead.
US stocks ended higher on Tuesday, pushing the S\u0026P 500 index to a five-year high, buoyed by a rise in deal activity and an improvement in German investor sentiment.
US stocks ended.
An Indian expatriate woman died of heart attack late yesterday.
An Indian expatriate woman died.
The first drinkable water bottling plant dubbed ``Puríssima água do Lepi'' was inaugurated on Monday in Lepi locality, in the central Huambo Province.
The first drinkable water bottling plant was inaugurated.
Mumbai, Nov 25 Country''s leading bourse BSE today said that Gail India would replace Jaiprakash Associates in the benchmark 30-share Sensex index effective from January 2012.
Gail India would replace Jaiprakash Associates in the Sensex index.
The Coast Guard rescued a Juneau family after their boat sank near Auke Bay in Southeast on Monday afternoon.
The Coast Guard rescued a family after their boat sank near Auke Bay.
Noel Meade enjoyed a double at Navan, rounded off with Thegreatjohnbrowne's success in the 2010 Navan Membership 'The Ideal Christmas Gift' Maiden Hurdle.
Noel Meade enjoyed a double at Navan.
Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna turned 81 on Tuesday.
M. Balamuralikrishna turned 81.
New Delhi, Nov 14 Delhiites experienced a pleasant weather today with minimum and maximum temperature remaining at comfortable level.
Delhiites experienced a pleasant weather.
Oscar-winner Robin Williams will have heart surgery to replace an aortic valve, CNN reports.
Robin Williams will have heart surgery.
The City watchdog has said banks will face ``intensive supervision'' as it outlined fundamental changes to the way it regulates the financial sector.
Banks will face intensive supervision.
A motorcyclist was airlifted to hospital Thursday after plowing into the side of a truck on Young Road in Chilliwack.
A motorcyclist was airlifted to hospital.
A senior US envoy accused Iran of ``deception, defiance and delay'' Wednesday in dealing with international concerns about its nuclear program, reflecting frustration over Tehran's expanding uranium enrichment program and stalled UN attempts to determine whether Tehran has worked secretly on nuclear arms.
A US envoy accused Iran of deception, and delay.
The man accused of a deadly crime spree in Lee County last month is pleading not guilty to the charges against him.
The man accused of a deadly crime spree is pleading not guilty.
Stock Exchanges must be answerable and accountable under the Right to Information Act, Chief Information Commissioner Wajahat Habibullah has said.
Stock Exchanges must be answerable under the Right to Information Act.
Scotland is tackling repossessions as action by the SNP Government means more people can access legal aid and a fund to support homeowners is now worth £35 million.
Scotland is tackling repossessions means is.
HURRICANES hooker Dane Coles will face a New Zealand Rugby Union misconduct hearing following his weekend arrest for disorderly behaviour.
HURRICANES hooker Dane Coles will face a misconduct hearing.
Australian building approvals fell 3.7 per cent, seasonally adjusted, in August, the Australian Bureau of Statistics said today.
Building approvals fell in August.
Heroes Hired Manufacturing announces the opening of its new Electrical Cables and Wire Harness manufacturing facility, and are now accepting applications for employment and defense contractor, aerospace and automotive contracts.
Heroes Hired Manufacturing announces.
Portland police are investigating a non-fatal shooting that occurred at 12:45 am in a parking lot in the 300 block of Northeast Multnomah Street.
Police are investigating a shooting.
Terrorist activity in Indonesia is expected to decline for some time following the recent elimination of top terror mastermind Noordin M Top and a number of his lieutenants, the country`s intelligence chief said.
Terrorist activity is expected to decline for some time, the intelligence chief said.
IN THE MATTER OF THE MOTION TO REVOKE THE FIREARMS PURCHASER IDENTIFICATION CARD AND RETIRED LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER'S PERMIT TO CARRY A HANDGUN BY ANTHONY F. PASQUARELLI.
IN THE MATTER OF THE MOTION TO REVOKE OFFICER 'S.
Liam Hemsworth allegedly has ``cold feet'' about his future with Miley Cyrus.
Liam Hemsworth has cold feet.
Online pharmacy Drugstore.com Inc. said Wednesday it swung to a profit in its fourth quarter due to strong sales in the company's core over-the-counter business.
Drugstore.com Inc. swung to a profit.
The Irish government plans to legalize abortion in limited circumstances, but Minister for Health James Reilly insisted his plans will take ``full account of the equal right to life of the unborn child.''
The Irish government plans to legalize abortion.
A BAHAMIAN small and medium-sized business development agency should have been created 20 years ago, a local entrepreneur said yesterday, telling Tribune Business: ``We don't know how to handle small businesses''.
We don't know how to handle small businesses.
``Over the past two months the security situation in Western Darfur deteriorated significantly as Chadian regular forces and the Justice and Equality Movement launched several attacks inside Sudanese territory,'' Ban said in the report to the 15-nation council.
The situation in Western Darfur deteriorated.
The X PRIZE Foundation, an educational nonprofit prize institute widely recognized for fostering innovation through competition, is moving its headquarters from Santa Monica to Playa Vista, effective October 1.
The X PRIZE Foundation is moving its headquarters to Playa Vista.
Good news for Tar Heel basketball fans: after missing all of last season with an ACL tear, junior guard Leslie McDonald says he's back at full strength and ready to play.
Leslie McDonald's back and ready to play.
Brandon Moore is transferring from Arkansas after one season with the Razorbacks.
Brandon Moore is transferring from Arkansas.
Mercury and Motorguide have agreed to sponsor Major League Fishing, the new style of competitive bass fishing feature 24 of the sport's famous professional anglers.
Mercury and Motorguide have agreed to sponsor Major League Fishing.
Hone Harawira is likely to be booted out of the Maori Party after a committee deciding his fate recommended to cancel his membership.
Hone Harawira is likely to be booted out of the Maori Party.
Steve Jobs announced today that he will be taking a medical leave of absence from Apple.
Steve Jobs will be taking a medical leave.
Samsung has confirmed it will be launching its Galaxy Nexus in white later this month, which could well see a greater increase in the number of people recycling their mobile phones to get the new handsets.
Samsung will be launching its Galaxy Nexus in white.
Firefighters from several mid-Michigan departments are battling a blaze above a bar in downtown Leslie, about 20 miles southeast of Lansing.
Firefighters are battling a blaze above a bar in downtown Leslie.
Paolo Di Canio brushed aside the adulation heaped upon him in the wake of a famous derby victory to promise Sunderland fans he has done nothing yet.
Paolo Di Canio has done nothing yet.
A police chase in Duluth ended in a crash that shut down the intersection of Buford Highway and Georgia 120 Thursday night.
A police chase in Duluth ended in a crash.
FROM TORONTO The city workers' strike--now in its fourth week--has led to cancellations, venue changes, and additional costs for summer festivals and events across Toronto.
The city workers ' strike has led to cancellations and additional costs for summer festivals and events.
Crews will close eastbound lanes of Wendover Avenue for the next five weekends to repair a water line that caused a sink hole two years ago.
Crews will close lanes of Wendover Avenue for the five weekends to repair.
The President's website has come under hacker attack, the President's press secretary, Daria Chepak, writes in her blog at Ukrainska Pravda.
The President's website has come under hacker attack.
Mr Mandelson is said to have ``dripped pure poison'' when describing Gordon Brown and also informed Mr Osborne that the next general election will be held in May 2010.
Mandelson is said to have dripped pure poison describing Gordon Brown informed Osborne.
Mel and Robyn finalize their divorce after years apart, did she manage to walk away with half a billion dollars?
Mel and Robyn finalize their divorce, did she manage.
There are calls for Stansted Airport to be freed from economic regulation by the Civil Aviation Authority.
There are calls for Stansted Airport to be freed from economic regulation.
The top US commander in Afghanistan worked to sell the new American strategy for the country to Afghan parliamentarians Thursday, promising that international troops will not start leaving until national security forces are ready to take over.
The US commander in Afghanistan worked to sell the strategy.
President-elect Barack Obama meets with Sen John McCain, R-Ariz., Monday, Nov. 17, 2008, at Obama's transition office in downtown Chicago.
Barack Obama meets with John McCain, at Obama's transition office.
UNC has offered fall admission to 5,393 students who applied before the university's first of two admission deadlines.
UNC has offered admission to 5,393 students.
A body was found floating in the Charles River in Waltham this afternoon, the Middlesex district attorney's office said.
A body was found floating in the Charles River in Waltham.
New York's iconic Empire State Building will be lit up with special tie-dye colors in honor of the Grateful Dead this evening.
New York's Empire State Building will be lit up in honor of the Grateful Dead.
Dallas and Orlando had exploratory talks last week regarding Dwight Howard and ``will probably talk again,'' Mavericks general manager Donnie Nelson confirmed.
Dallas and Orlando had exploratory talks regarding Dwight Howard.
The road to Brazil 2014 begins in Georgia after Spain`s comfortable and convincing 5-0 friendly victory over Saudi Arabia Friday when a side made up of fringe players showed the depth of talent available for Del Bosque, reports Xinhua.
The road to Brazil 2014 begins in Georgia.
An oilfield construction company worker has been killed at a job site near Elnora in central Alberta.
An oilfield worker has been killed at a job site near Elnora in central Alberta.
V oice application platforms and hosted services provider Voxeo has acquired VoiceObjects, a provider of self-service application development and analytics systems, based in Germany.
Voxeo has acquired VoiceObjects.
Two bald eagles are recovering from apparent poisoning after being found lying in pastures in the Bitterroot Valley.
Two bald eagles are recovering from apparent poisoning.
Petroliam Nasional Bhd has clarified that it will not be paying anymore compensation to Tenaga Nasional Bhd for the cost of alternative fuel used by the national power utility.
Petroliam Nasional Bhd will not be paying anymore compensation to Tenaga Nasional Bhd.
A Spanish businessman has launched an internet campaign to raise funds to help Thai police combat crime against foreigners.
A Spanish businessman has launched to raise funds to help Thai police crime.
A study run by online business networking service MeettheBoss.com shows that Middle East executives are spending an extra 11 hours a month online sharing their professional experiences and learning from their peers.
Middle East executives are spending an extra 11 hours a month online.
Britain is to host a conference on Afghanistan on Jan. 28 next year, where members of the international coalition will discuss plans for handing control of the country back to local authorities, the prime minister's office announced on Saturday.
Britain is to host a conference on Afghanistan.
Even though dinosaurs have been long extinct, bringing them back to life might be possible.
Dinosaurs have been, bringing back to life might be.
A flash flood watch has been issued for Frederick County through Wednesday morning, according to the National Weather Service.
A flash flood watch has been issued through Wednesday morning.
Police are investigating a late-night robbery at Dunkin' Donuts at Shawsheen Plaza, on North Main Street, last Friday.
Police are investigating a robbery at Dunkin ' Donuts.
NOBEL peace laureate Desmond Tutu is to retire from public life when he turns 79 later this year.
NOBEL peace laureate Desmond Tutu is to retire he turns 79.
Hollywood actress Anne Hathaway will co-host this year's Nobel peace prize concert in Norway with Oscar-winning actor Denzel Washington.
Anne Hathaway will co-host this year's Nobel peace prize concert.
Air France cancelled about one in five flights and warned of wider disruption as a five-day strike by flight attendants over employment terms began yesterday, in the middle of a busy holiday weekend.
Air France cancelled about one in five flights.
Harris Corp., the Melbourne communications and information technology company, is expanding in Abu Dhabi with a new business development operation.
Harris Corp. is expanding in Abu Dhabi.
Madhya Pradesh survived a late scare to earn three crucial points on the basis of their 158-run first innings lead on the fourth and final day of their group A Plate division match against Goa, at the Holkar Stadium here on Thursday.
Madhya Pradesh survived a late scare to earn three points.
Fire officials plan on checking 4,200 homes in Gaston County to make sure they have a smoke detector and it is working correctly.
Fire officials plan on checking 4,200 homes to make they have a smoke detector.
BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. Katherine Heigl is sticking with ``Grey's Anatomy'' despite voicing displeasure about last season's script quality, the network's programming chief said.
Katherine Heigl is sticking with Grey's Anatomy.
For as little as $20 a month, with no upfront costs, Oregon homeowners can lease a solar panel system.
Oregon homeowners can lease a solar panel system.
Developer of messaging and charging systems Tecnomen has received an order worth USD 12 million for its Convergent Charging system in Latin America.
Tecnomen has received an order worth USD 12 million for its system in Latin America.
New Delhi, Aug 19 The Bharatiya Janata Party Sunday accused the Congress-led central government of discriminating against BJP-ruled states.
New Delhi, accused the government of discriminating against states.
The lovely ladies over at Disney have gotten the Sucker Punch treatment in this really cool and well put together mash up.
The ladies at Disney have gotten the Sucker Punch treatment.
James Fortune along with GRAMMY® Award-nominated gospel artist VaShawn Mitchell took time to visit with St. Jude patient EthanALSAC/St. Jude Children's Research Hospital
James Fortune along with VaShawn Mitchell took time to visit with St. Jude patient.
Meyer called Moody an ``injury magnet'' following practice Friday.
Meyer called Moody an injury magnet.
The second MotoGP practice of the day at Aragon was just canceled.
The second MotoGP practice was canceled.
Robbery and assault charges have been filed in Olmsted County District Court against three men suspected of robbing and assaulting people last week at an apartment in southeast Rochester.
Robbery and assault charges have been filed.
Belarus has lifted all restrictions concerning privatization, Belarusian Prime Minister Mikhail Myasnikovich said on Friday, APA reports quoting XInhua.
Belarus has lifted all restrictions concerning privatization.
Vaginal oestrogen treatment may help prevent repeat urinary tract infections in postmenopausal women, new research suggests.
Oestrogen treatment may help prevent urinary tract infections.
Water allocations for River Murray irrigators in South Australia will remain set at 15 per cent, South Australian River Murray Minister Karlene Maywald says.
Water allocations will remain set at 15 per cent.
Internet giants Google, Yahoo and Microsoft have been asked not to censor search engines for one day this week as part of a protest against digital censorship.
Giants Google, have been asked not to censor search engines.
Real Madrid manager Jose Mourinho has congratulated Barcelona on their 22nd league title.
Jose Mourinho has congratulated Barcelona.
Telekomunikacja Polska has issued bonds totalling PLN163.5m to subsidiaries in the past two days.
Telekomunikacja Polska has issued bonds totalling to subsidiaries.
Lyon collected its first trophy in four years when it beat a spirited Quevilly 1-0 to win the French Cup for a fifth time on Saturday.
Lyon collected its trophy beat a Quevilly 1 0 to win the French Cup.
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is facing a key confidence vote in parliament amid questions over his handling of the economy and personal scandals.
Silvio Berlusconi is facing a confidence vote.
SANA'A, March 22 - Yemen is set to host the 9th regional round on human rights in the Arabian Gulf and Yemen late this week.
Yemen is set to host the 9th regional round on human rights.
Heat Vision has word that Zemeckis will produce a paranormal adventure film called Charles Fort with Evan Spiliotopoulos slated to write the story described as a period Ghostbusters.
Zemeckis will produce a paranormal adventure film called Charles Fort.
Americans are spending about $34 billion a year on alternative health care that is not covered by insurance, according to a CDC survey.
Americans are spending about $ 34 billion on alternative health care.
The Board of Directors of TMX Group Inc. declared a dividend of $0.38 on each common share outstanding, payable on March 12, 2010 to shareholders of record at the close of business on February 26, 2010.
The Board of TMX Group Inc. declared a dividend of $ 0.38 on each common share.
President Obama has invited Republican leaders to meet with him at the White House on health care.
Obama has invited Republican leaders to meet on health care.
SuperSport Park, home of the Nashua Titans cricket franchise, will celebrate its 21st anniversary with weeks of entertaining events starting on Monday until April 14.
SuperSport Park will celebrate its 21st anniversary.
Former President APJ Abdul Kalam said education cannot be categorised as a business product or system and only great teachers can inspire quality learning.
Education can not be categorised as a business product.
A southwest Idaho high school football player accused of punching his coach in the face has been charged with felony aggravated battery.
A high school football player accused of punching his coach in the face has been charged.
The company says the Carnival Legend is experiencing a technical issue with one of the ship's Azipod units, which affects the vessel's sailing speed.
The Carnival Legend is experiencing a technical issue.
Lord Pym, the former Tory Foreign Secretary, has died aged 86 after a prolonged illness, his family have said in a statement.
Pym, the Foreign Secretary, has died.
A Navy F-18 Hornet fighter jet crashed into an apartment complex yesterday morning in Virginia Beach, Virginia, TMZ is currently reporting.
A fighter jet crashed into an apartment complex.
A fire in a trash bin Saturday afternoon spread to a business complex off William Street, causing tens of thousands of dollars damage.
A fire in a trash bin spread to a business complex.
Air France-KLM, Europe's largest airline by revenues, slumped in trading on Thursday in Europe by almost 10% after it said late Wednesday that it would miss its operating profit target.
Air France-KLM slumped after it said it would miss its operating profit target.
Florida Marlins shortstop Hanley Ramirez left the game Wednesday night against the Houston Astros because of a sore left shoulder.
Hanley Ramirez left the game because of a sore shoulder.
R\u0026B star Ray J was once rejected by Halle Berry after he asked the Oscar winner out on a date.
Ray J was rejected by Halle Berry.
US mobile carrier AT\u0026T has just announced that they have now activated more than one million iPhone 4S handsets since the iPhone 4S went on sale last Friday to Tuesday this week, and we also heard from Apple recently that they had sold more than 4 million iPhone 4S devices in the first three days.
AT\u0026T have activated more than one million iPhone 4S handsets.
Kim Kardashian and Kris Humphries are moving in together and will be setting up housekeeping in New York.
Kim Kardashian and Kris Humphries are moving together.
The Penguins will face the Boston Bruins in the Eastern Conference final of the Stanley Cup playoffs.
The Penguins will face the Boston Bruins in the Eastern Conference final.
Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has agreed to a contract extension that will keep him with the team through the 2017 season, or when he's 40 years old, according to a report.
Tom Brady has agreed to a contract extension.
``Korea may fire a long-range ballistic missile toward Hawaii in early July, a Japanese news report said Thursday, as Russia and China urged the regime to return to international disarmament talks on its rogue nuclear program.
Korea may fire a missile toward Hawaii.
Five more electricity schemes will be unveiled in the Northern Province next week under the Uthuru Wasanthaya Programme.
Five more electricity schemes will be unveiled in the Northern Province next week.
Gandhinagar, January 17 Former minister and veteran MLA Ashok Bhatt is all set to become the Speaker of 12th Assembly unopposed, with opposition Congress moving a resolution to this effect on Thursday.
Ashok Bhatt is all set to become the Speaker.
Sun Bingo pledges to help skint bingo players with their Bingo Holiday Recovery promotion.
Sun Bingo pledges to help skint bingo players.
Microsoft is moving its European distribution centre from Germany to the Netherlands so that gaming consoles and Windows 7 software cannot be seized by authorities if it loses a patent lawsuit this month.
Microsoft is moving from Germany.
Mongolia Energy Corporation says that it is finalizing the contract negotiations following conclusion of contractors' bidding for the upgrading, including related construction, of the Khushuut Road, and expect an announcement to be made shortly in this regard.
Mongolia Energy Corporation is finalizing the contract negotiations.
Senator Chris Dodd today introduced a constitutional amendment to reverse a recent Supreme Court ruling on campaign finance that has the effect of allowing virtually unlimited corporate spending in elections.
Chris Dodd today introduced a constitutional amendment to reverse a Supreme Court ruling on campaign finance.
Walt Disney Pictures has premiered this second clip from their upcoming short film 'Tangled Ever After.
Walt Disney Pictures has premiered this second clip from their film Tangled Ever After.
OCZ recently declared that company has appointed Ralph Schmitt to its board of directors as an independent non-executive director.
OCZ declared company has appointed Ralph Schmitt as an independent director.
The Indian rupee closed at a new low of Rs.51.10/12 against one US dollar as importers stepped up demand for the greenback and foreign investors pulled out $59.20 million from capital markets during the day.
The rupee closed at a new low.
A woman was held down and sexually assaulted by a group of men in an ``extremely frightening'' attack in Tokoroa early on Sunday, police say.
A woman was held down and sexually assaulted in an attack in Tokoroa.
Former Senator John Edwards pleaded not guilty today to federal charges that he solicited and used campaign contributions to hide his mistress and their baby.
John Edwards pleaded not guilty to federal charges.
After 15 years celebrating books with the community of Los Angeles on the campus of UCLA, the Festival of Books will move to USC, the Los Angeles Times announced Wednesday.
The Festival of Books will move to USC.
France plans to introduce a law to limit executive bonuses in the form of stock options or shares as businesses are slow to accept a voluntary agreement, the spokesman for the ruling UMP party said on Monday.
France plans to introduce a law to limit executive bonuses.
Crow sold her music publishing catalog to First State Media Group Ltd., which is 50 percent-owned by Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Geordie Manolas, managing director of Dublin-based First State Media, said today.
Crow sold her music publishing catalog.
The Somerset County Board of Freeholders has launched the second phase of an economic development initiative dedicated to ensuring that Somerset County remains economically vibrant over the long term.
The Somerset County Board of Freeholders has launched the second phase of an economic development initiative.
Here's an important piece of information for starry-eyed holiday shoppers -- pretty things make people buy more.
Pretty things make people buy more.
The New Zealand share market opened slightly higher on Thursday after receiving a positive overnight lead from Wall Street, where US stocks rebound to close Wednesday's trading session with modest gains.
The New Zealand share market opened slightly higher.
Taekwondo kicked up a storm of complaints against referees and judges at the Olympic Games on Wednesday as Canadian Ivett Gonda claimed she was robbed after losing her opening match.
Taekwondo kicked up a storm of complaints.
The oil and gas driven industrialization is expected to make Ghana's oil a blessing.
The oil and gas driven industrialization is expected.
A Chinese fishing boat has run aground on a World Heritage-listed coral reef in the Philippines, roughly 1,600 kilometres from China's nearest major landmass, authorities said.
A Chinese fishing boat has run aground on a reef in the Philippines.
School board members found reason for celebration Monday after it was announced that the Sioux City school district met No Child Left Behind proficiency goals for the first time in six years.
The Sioux City school district met No Child Left Behind goals for the first time in six years.
Mangalore, 24 September 2010: ``Adopt holistic approach to bring up your children...'' urged Fr. Clifford Fernandes , professor of St. Joseph Seminary, Jeppu , Mangalore while addressing the Catholic parents of St. Mary's English Medium Higher Primary School, Falnir near Mangalore on Monday 20th September 2010.
Mangalore : Adopt holistic approach to bring up your children... urged.
26 Aug, 2010, 1513 hrs IST , PTI The world's largest carmaker, Toyota, on Thursday said it will study the Indian market to launch a hybrid version of its proposed small car 'Etios', which will be commercially launched by the end of this year.
It will study the Indian market to launch a hybrid version of its small car Etios.
Several thousand protesters -some chanting ``Where is my vote?'' clashed with riot police in Tehran on Sunday as Iran detained local employees of the British Embassy, escalating the regime's standoff with the West and earning it a stinging rebuke from the European Union.
Thousand protesters - some chanting? clashed with riot police.
Monster Ball tour tickets of Lady Gaga have nearly doubled in price.
Tour tickets of Lady Gaga have doubled in price.
A roadside bomb killed 10 people in northwest Afghanistan, officials said today, the latest civilians to die during the Muslim holiday Eid al-Adha.
A roadside bomb killed 10 people in Afghanistan.
Golden Acres' service workers voted Wednesday to go on strike, but Chris Pavone, vice president of Teamsters Local 436, said that a walkout has not happened.
Golden Acres ' workers voted to go on strike.
Just yesterday news broke that Viacom, who owns Paramount Pictures and is the parent company of SpikeTV, bought Bellator.
Viacom bought Bellator.
The Department of Meteorology says the prevailing rainy weather will continue over the next few days.
The rainy weather will continue over the next few days.
A 25 year old Claregalway woman has pleaded guilty to assaulting a man at a city bar by smashing a glass into his face.
A Claregalway woman has pleaded guilty to assaulting a man at a city bar.
IBM is to acquire OpenPages, a privately-held provider of risk and compliance software which lists some of the world's top financial institutions on its client roster.
IBM is to acquire OpenPages.
Two illegal video poker machines were seized Wednesday from a convenience store on National Highway, Thomasville police said.
Two video poker machines were seized from a convenience store.
Southampton boss Nigel Pearson has revealed he is already planning for next season despite the speculation surrounding his future at the club.
Nigel Pearson is planning for next season.
West Indies captain Chris Gayle has returned to the top five of the ICC batting rankings for the first time in eight months after back-to-back half-centuries in the ongoing one day series with Zimbabwe.
Chris Gayle has returned to the top five of the batting rankings.
Scientists have found that alcohol is the leading cause of cancer and people who tend to drink more are likely to have cancer.
Alcohol is the cause of cancer.
India lender Axis Bank is planning to raise around $500 million via bonds maturing in five and half years, two sources with direct knowledge of the deal said on Monday.
Axis Bank is planning to raise around $ 500 million via bonds.
Plants Vs. Zombies 2, the sequel to the popular strategy game about well, plant life and the undead, has been delayed.
Plants Vs. Zombies 2, has been delayed.
A struggling ``fashion station'' in Melbourne is revisiting history, with the CBD centre deciding to go back to its outlet centre roots just three years are it canned the model.
A fashion station is revisiting history.
Hollywood superstar Johnny Depp is shocked by his success, and fears his career might anyday come to an abrupt end.
Superstar Johnny Depp is shocked by his success.
A mine near Questa in northern New Mexico is laying off 230 people.
A mine near Questa is laying off 230 people.
The Iowa House passed an education reform bill early Wednesday morning on a 52-44 party line vote.
The Iowa House passed an education reform bill.
CAMDEN The Benjamin Franklin Bridge will be closed to traffic for approximately 75 minutes Sunday morning to permit riders in a bike-a-thon to cross, the Delaware River Port Authority announced.
Benjamin Franklin Bridge will be closed Sunday morning.
Former Republican State Treasurer Sarah Steelman says she's leaning toward running for Senator Kit Bond's open US Senate seat in 2010.
Sarah Steelman's leaning toward running for Senator Kit Bond's Senate seat.
The public should demand universal health care like Congress and the citizens of Canada, Britain, France and other foreign countries enjoy.
The public should demand universal health care.
Two men killed in a glider crash near the county-owned airport, one mile east of Jacumba, were identified Sunday.
Two men killed in a glider crash were identified.
League spokesman Greg Aiello tells The Associated Press that the Denver Broncos' Pro Bowl receiver has been notified that no punishment is forthcoming as the result of his arrest in Atlanta on March 1 that stemmed from a fight with his new fiance.
No punishment is forthcoming.
An illegal vodka distillery in Linconshire exploded last week, resulting in the instant death of five men.
An illegal vodka distillery exploded.
Tax giant H\u0026R Block said it is disappointed in the amount of returns it has processed so far this tax season, reporting the number of tax returns processed is down 6.3%.
H\u0026R Block is disappointed, reporting the number of tax returns processed.
Two Winnipeg police officers are on their way to Edmonton to officiate Sunday's Grey Cup game.
Two Winnipeg officers are to officiate Sunday's Grey Cup game.
The Clippers have traded leading scorer Zach Randolph to Memphis in exchange for Quentin Richardson.
The Clippers have traded Zach Randolph to Memphis.
A former cheer mom was sentenced today to four years probation with strict terms and conditions for a felony child endangerment charge.
A former cheer mom was sentenced to probation.
Ireland will rebound ``relatively rapidly'' from its current economic woes, Europe's Commissioner for Economic and Monetary Affairs Olli Rehn predicted this afternoon.
Ireland will rebound rapidly from its economic woes, predicted.
Bangladesh said on Friday it had detected its first H1N1 case, in a man who returned to the country from the United States.
Bangladesh said it had detected its first H1N1 case.
The Photographer Sir Norman Parkinson is honoured today, on his 100th birthday, with a google doodle.
The Photographer Sir Norman Parkinson is honoured with a google doodle.
Foreclosure rates increased across the Treasure Coast in January, according to a RealtyTrac report released Thursday.
Foreclosure rates increased across the Treasure Coast in January.
Ohio State is paying football coach Urban Meyer a minimum of $4 million annually -- more money than his predecessor -- and detailing in the contract what he's required to do if an NCAA rules violation occurs under his watch.
Ohio State is paying Urban Meyer a minimum of $ 4 million.
Malaysia said Monday it will introduce tougher anti-monopoly laws for companies in a bid to prevent price-fixing and anti-competitive behavior.
Malaysia said it will introduce tougher anti-monopoly laws.
A Greenville County civil court clerk has been charged with embezzlement and forgery.
A court clerk has been charged with embezzlement.
As per news reports, famous Indian Tennis player, Sania Mirza, is about to marry Sohrab Mirza.
Player, Sania Mirza, is about to marry.
Online retail giant Amazon.com is investing $175 million in LivingSocial, a District-based Web site that offers daily discounts with local merchants, LivingSocial announced Thursday.
Amazon.com is investing $ 175 million in LivingSocial.
As fall begins and the North State faces the first rainstorms of the season, the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection and local fire departments remind residents that the fire danger remains high.
The fire danger remains high.
Eid Milad-un-Nabi, the birthday of the Holy Prophet Hazrat Muhammad, will be celebrated with religious fervour and enthusiasm in the provincial metropolis on March 21.
Eid Milad-un-Nabi will be celebrated with religious fervour.
A Larimore, ND, man has been charged with sexually assaulting a young boy multiple times during a six-year span.
A Larimore man has been charged with sexually assaulting a boy.
A Mississippi woman, who says that slain football star Steve McNair is the father of her teenage daughter, is seeking the child's ``rightful share'' of the former Titan's estate.
A woman, who says Steve McNair is the father of her daughter, is seeking.
Director Rupert Sanders is reportedly desperate to save his marriage with wife Liberty Ross following revelations he cheated on her with actress Kristen Stewart.
Rupert Sanders is desperate to save his marriage with Liberty Ross.
House Democrats have unveiled a $410 billion omnibus appropriations bill containing nine yet-to-be enacted fiscal year 2009 discretionary spending measures along with additional funding for the Secret Service.
House Democrats have unveiled a omnibus appropriations bill.
Gov. Rick Scott is standing up for teachers, and that's a welcome change.
Rick Scott is standing up for teachers.
FORMER US president Ronald Reagan tried to convert Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev to Christianity in an effort to end the Cold War.
Ronald Reagan tried to convert Mikhail Gorbachev to Christianity.
A UN programme on HIV/Aids has warned that HIV is fast becoming the leading cause of death and disease among women of reproductive age worldwide.
HIV is becoming the leading cause of death among women.
Jenson Button says he is getting used to winning and will be disappointed if he does not take the chequered flag at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday.
Jenson Button is getting used to winning.
I am happy to announce that CloudGateway 1.0, the industry's first unified service broker, is now shipping.
CloudGateway 1.0 is now shipping.
Japan has not asked Saudi Arabia to supply more oil, the Japanese trade minister said on Sunday after media reports suggested that he had flown to the world's largest oil exporter to sign an emergency supply pact.
Japan has not asked Saudi Arabia to supply more oil.
Newcastle manager Joe Kinnear has escaped punishment by the Football Association over his expletive-laden rant at newspaper journalists at a news conference.
Newcastle manager Joe Kinnear has escaped punishment over his rant.
Famous Azerbaijani public figure, former speaker of Azerbaijani Parliament Murtuz Alasgarov died at the age of 84.
Azerbaijani figure, speaker of Parliament Murtuz Alasgarov died.
Indonesia will take more of the profits from its vast mineral resources by limiting foreign ownership of mines in a move likely to scare off new investment in the world's top exporter of thermal coal and tin.
Indonesia will take by limiting foreign ownership of mines.
A student activist who was sentenced to a month's jail by a magistrate's court last Friday for obstructing a Kuala Lumpur City Hall enforcement officer from arresting another activist at Dataran Merdeka has been released from prison.
A student activist has been released from prison.
Rep. Michael Grimm is headed to New Hampshire this weekend to stump for GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney, and to help vanquish challengers Rick Santorum and Newt Gingrich.
Michael Grimm is headed to New Hampshire.
Joe Crede and Paul Konerko each hit grand slams for the White Sox against the Detroit Tigers yesterday, the third time Chicago has had multiple grand slams in the same game.
Joe Crede and Paul Konerko hit grand slams.
A pedestrian was killed this morning outside a Hempfield grocery when he was struck by a car that also rammed the building, collapsing part of the roof.
A pedestrian was killed outside a Hempfield grocery.
The New England Patriots will sign Deion Branch after placing Donte' Stallworth on injured reserve.
The New England Patriots will sign Deion Branch.
US Global Investors recently hosted the webcast ``What's Driving Gold?'' to give investors a closer look at the key factors behind the current gold price and to provide a useful outlook for gold in the coming months.
What's Driving Gold.
Police say a bicyclist was shot after an altercation occurred between the bicyclist and a motorist in Taylor near Telegraph Road.
A bicyclist was shot after an altercation occurred in Taylor.
A 51-year-old man died of Swine Flu in Mumbai, taking the death toll to 10 in the last two months.
A man died of Swine Flu in Mumbai, taking the toll to 10.
A 28-year-old city man was stabbed in the back at an after hours party on Cambridge Street this morning, part of a continuing trend of violence at such parties that has police stepping up surveillance.
A man was stabbed at an hours party.
After weeks of dismal scores, Steve-O was booted from the ``Dancing With the Stars'' ballroom Tuesday.
Steve-O was booted from the Dancing With the Stars ballroom.
Small firms are being ``stifled'' by red tape and bureaucracy when they try to export goods, according to a new report.
Small firms are being stifled by red tape.
Balwant Singh Rajoana, a convict on death row in connection with the assassination of former Punjab chief minister Beant Singh, has expressed his desire to be hanged.
Balwant Singh Rajoana has expressed his desire to be hanged.
Hobby Lobby isn't a religious organization, the judge pointed out yesterday when denying the chain's request.
Hobby Lobby isn't a religious organization.
Jelli has expanded its management team with two executives from top companies in radio and the Web.
Jelli has expanded its management team.
Europe got further evidence that its unexpectedly strong economic recovery is slowing, with the news that German investor confidence fell sharply in September and eurozone industrial production unexpectedly stagnated during July.
Europe got evidence its economic recovery is slowing.
Both sides have rested in the civil confinement trial of so-called ``HIV predator'' Nushawn Williams.
Both sides have rested in the confinement trial.
Bangalore Senior batsman Rahul Dravid underwent a minor corrective surgery on his injured left upper jaw at the Manipal Hospital here on Friday.
Rahul Dravid underwent a corrective surgery.
Flight Centre has upgraded its full year profit forecast and is looking to record earnings from holiday makers in Australia and the United Kingdom.
Flight Centre has upgraded its profit forecast.
Ernest Moniz will be sworn in as US Energy Secretary today, after winning bi-partisan Senate endorsement last week.
Ernest Moniz will be sworn in as US Energy Secretary.
A former employee of a credit union in Dickinson County has pleaded guilty to embezzling $85,000, United States Attorney Barry Grissom said today.
A employee of a union in Dickinson County has pleaded guilty to embezzling $ 85,000.
The US service sector expanded for the 11th straight month in November and at the fastest pace in six months.
The US service sector expanded for the 11th month.
The contractor should be held responsible in the Kuala Dipang bridge collapse which claimed three lives, said Works Minister Datuk Shaziman Abu Mansor.
The contractor should be held responsible in the bridge collapse, said Datuk Shaziman Abu Mansor.
``The strife is over; the battle done''.
The strife is over.
Islamabad, Aug 22 Two security personnel were killed and as many injured when a suicide bomber blew himself up to evade arrest in the troubled Swat valley today while troops captured 27 militants during search operations across the Malakand division in northwestern Pakistan.
Islamabad, Aug 22 Two security personnel were killed a suicide bomber blew himself up.
Days after a shocking school shooting in which 16 people were killed in a small German town, German Chancellor Angela Merkel called for tighter gun control measures.
A school, Angela Merkel called for tighter gun control measures.
President N.Nazarbayev has signed the Law ``On special state bodies of the Republic of Kazakhstan''; the President's press service reports.
N.Nazarbayev has signed the Law On special state bodies of the Republic of Kazakhstan.
A Toronto high school student has earned a 100 per cent average in his high school courses, reports the Toronto Star.
A Toronto student has earned a 100 per cent average.
A vacant Victorian home in midtown Stockton caught fire early Friday for the second time since July.
A vacant Victorian home caught fire.
FORMER England footballer Paul Gascoigne left hospital yesterday after being sectioned under the Mental Health Act.
Paul Gascoigne left hospital after being sectioned.
The final days of the Norwich North by-election campaign are coming to the boil with a parade of the big beasts and more accusations of dirty tricks.
The days by election campaign are coming to the boil.
After getting wrecked by Jeff Burton, Jeff Gordon took a swing at Burton on the track at Texas Motor Speedway.
Jeff Gordon took a swing at Burton.
Oklahoma State CB Perrish Cox held a private workout for NFL scouts on March 30 in Waco, Texas, at Waco High School.
Oklahoma State Perrish Cox held a private workout for scouts.
Centre Nick Collison has signed a multi-year contract extension with the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Nick Collison has signed a multi-year extension with the Oklahoma City Thunder.
A teen charged with Calgary's first ever hate crime has been sentenced to 18 months of probation and 150 hours of community service.
A teen charged with Calgary hate crime has been sentenced to 18 months of probation.
Facebook wins privacy case in Germany Updated: 06:05, Saturday February 16, 2013 Facebook won a legal fight on Friday in a German court against a privacy official who demanded the US-based social network site allow users to hide their true identity.
Facebook wins privacy case in Germany Updated.
A Portland man was charged with driving under the influence of drugs after crashing into a house on Tuesday.
A Portland man was charged with driving after crashing into a house.
STAFF at Mountjoy Prison are bracing themselves for a summer of discontent with overcrowding set to reach record levels.
STAFF at Mountjoy Prison are bracing for a summer of discontent.
The Mauritanian military is hunting suspected al-Qaida operatives who ambushed a group of government soldiers.
The Mauritanian military is hunting suspected al-Qaida operatives.
European shares bounced back today to hover near last week's 12-month highs, with banks, food producers and drugmakers leading the advance ahead of more earnings results from major companies such as Apple.
European shares bounced back.
RockTenn will hold its conference call to discuss its fourth quarter of fiscal 2008 results and other topics that may be raised during the discussion on Tuesday, November 4, 2008 at 9:30 am ET. RockTenn will release its fourth quarter of fiscal 2008 results after the market close on Monday, November 3, 2008.
RockTenn will hold its conference call to discuss its fourth quarter of 2008 results.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said on Thursday he will not seek re-election in a January ballot because of the lack of progress in peace talks with Israel , Palestinian officials said.
Mahmoud Abbas said he will not seek re-election, officials said.
For those of you who haven't realized yet, BlizzCon starts today at the Anaheim Convention Center and will run until tomorrow night.
BlizzCon starts today.
Fabio Capello is looking forward to working with the young squad he has picked to face Germany in midweek.
Fabio Capello is looking forward to working with the young squad.
Tanks and troops rolled into the northwestern city of Banias Saturday as residents formed human chains in a bid to stop the operation, activists said, only a day after security forces killed at least 26 protesters during a massive ``day of defiance''.
Tanks and troops rolled into the city of Banias Saturday, activists said.
A ``MINDLESS'' yob went off the rails at a South Tyneside Metro station when he grabbed a fire extinguisher and flooded a platform with water.
A yob went off the rails at a Metro station.
New ``brainbox'' primary school tests sat by about one in 10 eligible children in England this year are a ``dog whistle'' to the middle class, an expert claims.
New brainbox tests sat are a dog whistle to the middle class.
A researcher has released exploit codes for newly discovered Linux kernel 2.6 flaws which could permit attackers to gain root-system privileges they can use to steal data or mount denials of service on Linux-based systems.
A researcher has released exploit codes for Linux kernel 2.6 flaws.
Criminal charges have been filed in a fatal Lancaster County crash from April.
Criminal charges have been filed in a fatal crash.
THQ has unveiled a new logo which 'epitomizes the change, innovation and creative growth that are our cornerstones.
THQ has unveiled a new logo.
A body found floating in a canal late Thursday afternoon is believed to be that of a missing Tempe man.
A body found floating in a canal afternoon is believed to be that of a missing Tempe man.
On his last full day in office, President Bush commuted the controversial sentences of two former Border Patrol agents convicted of shooting a Mexican drug runner in 2005.
Bush commuted the sentences of two former Border Patrol agents.
Workers of Caracas-based private TV news network Globovisión rejected through a statement the accusations and threats made last weekend by several pro-government groups.
Workers Globovisión rejected the accusations and threats made by pro-government groups.
Progressive Socialist Party leader MP Walid Jumblatt commended on Monday the Turkish step to expel the Israeli envoy.
Walid Jumblatt commended the Turkish step to expel the Israeli envoy.
A rollover early this morning killed a 54-year-old Grafton, ND, man, according to the state Highway Patrol.
A rollover killed a Grafton, ND, man.
The ongoing cold conditions continued unabated in Punjab and Haryana with the minimum temperature hovering between one to three degrees Celsius below normal in the region.
The cold conditions continued in Punjab and Haryana.
The Sebago Lake ice fishing derby, the largest fishing derby in the state, scheduled for February 18 - 19 has been cancelled because the ice is too dangerous.
The Sebago Lake ice fishing derby has been cancelled.
Teen singing sensation Justin Bieber helped blogger Perez Hilton celebrate his 32nd birthday this weekend.
Justin Bieber helped blogger Perez Hilton celebrate his birthday.
Kevin Rudd has been sworn in as Australian prime minister for the second time, three years after his predecessor Julia Gillard ousted him in a similar showdown.
Kevin Rudd has been sworn in as Australian prime minister.
President Obama on Saturday dismissed the idea the nation might need a second stimulus to jolt the economy out of recession and urged Americans to be patient with his economic recovery plan.
Obama dismissed the idea the nation might need a second stimulus.
Ballard 7-11 store near Ballard Locks was robbed by a man at gun point in the early hours of Thursday morning, March 28.
Ballard 7 11 store was robbed by a man at gun point.
While the latest round of UN climate change talks is going on here in Spain on Nov. 2-6, Yvede Boer, the UN climate chief, said on Tuesday that the Kyoto Protocol needed to continue and industrialized countries should come up with more ambitious targets on emission reduction under the protocol.
The Kyoto Protocol needed to continue.
A cab driver was shot in the head early Saturday in northeast Salem, police said.
A cab driver was shot in the head in Salem.
A cold southerly forecast for this weekend could bring snow showers to Christchurch, bringing further misery for the quake-devastated city.
A southerly forecast could bring snow showers to Christchurch.
NYSE Euronext markets back on line after glitch Trading on a number of European exchanges started about an hour late Thursday after a problem with NYSE Euronext's systems prevented customers from placing orders.
NYSE Euronext markets back on line after glitch Trading started.
A natural gas outage in York County after a construction vehicle hits a gas line in Dover Township.
A gas outage after a construction vehicle hits a line in Dover Township.
Oscar-winning actress Reese Witherspoon said she felt like a ``consolation prize'' at the premiere of her new film `Water for Elephants` as fans gathered to see her hunky co-star Robert Pattinson.
Reese Witherspoon felt like a consolation prize at the premiere.
With increasing demand for stainless steel an continued strength of commodities stainless steel prices look set to increase in Europe.
Stainless steel prices look set to increase.
Oscar-winning screenwriter and award-winning novelist Ruth Prawer Jhabvala has died at the age of 85, following a lifelong illness.
Screenwriter and novelist Ruth Prawer Jhabvala has died.
Stephen Baldwin is suing Kevin Costner for allegedly duping him into selling his shares in a pioneering oil separating process.
Stephen Baldwin is suing Kevin Costner.
Former trade union leader Jimmy Reid has died at the age of 78, it has been announced.
Former trade union leader Jimmy Reid has died.
The Xbox 360 has now crossed 57 million units sales worldwide, after six years of release.
The Xbox 360 has crossed 57 million units sales worldwide.
New York Yankees finally managed to overcome the Detroit Tigers, prevailing 12-8 at Comerica Park in Detroit, Michigan on Wednesday, August 8 in third game of their four match series.
New York Yankees managed to overcome the Detroit Tigers, prevailing 12 8.
The cast of The Real Housewives of Orange County are paying Oprah a visit on her show today.
The cast of The Real Housewives of Orange County are paying Oprah a visit today.
Tank farm workers health may be at risk, according to a study released by and independent panel of experts.
Tank farm workers health may be at risk.
Michael Jackson will live close to haunted caves when he rents a country house for the duration of his concerts in London this summer.
Michael Jackson will live close to haunted caves.
New Delhi, April 26 India has earned a ``huge amount of goodwill'' in Africa with its development partnership that focuses on capacity building and creating employment opportunities among other things, and is not in competition with China, said former foreign secretary Shyam Saran.
India has earned a huge amount of goodwill in Africa with its development partnership said Shyam Saran.
A Myrtle Beach teen has been charged with Attempted Murder following a June 30th incident.
A Myrtle Beach teen has been charged with Attempted Murder.
US Defense Secretary Robert Gates is headed to Alabama today to speak at the Army Aviation Center at Fort Rucker.
Robert Gates is headed to speak at the Army Aviation Center at Fort Rucker.
Manufacturing orders and output are expected to fall over the next quarter, following modest rises in domestic demand and production over the past three months.
Manufacturing orders and output are expected to fall.
AMC has renewed zombie drama ``The Walking Dead'' for a third season, the network announced Tuesday.
AMC has renewed drama The Walking Dead for a third season.
A Marlborough man faces rustling charges after he allegedly shot five sheep when he should have been out hunting wild animals.
A man faces charges after he shot five sheep.
IBM said it had agreed to buy privately held Tealeaf Technology, a maker of software that helps companies analyze and react faster to customer behaviour.
IBM had agreed to buy Tealeaf Technology.
Dan Wheeler signed with the Cleveland Indians yesterday, a move that should have netted the Red Sox a draft pick.
Dan Wheeler signed with the Cleveland Indians.
The Kansas City Royals announce the opening of the Sheridan's Signature Store at Kauffman Stadium -- the only frozen custard store to operate in a professional sports venue in the country.
The Kansas City Royals announce the opening of the Sheridan's Signature Store at Kauffman Stadium -- the store.
School buses being used in transporting children from and to various schools each day are flouting the road traffic regulations at the expense of the safety and wellbeing of the children.
School buses being used are flouting the road traffic regulations.
Iowa home sales and prices increased in January, according to the Iowa Association of REALTORSÂ®.
Iowa home sales increased in January.
Britain is back in recession after its economy shrank in the first quarter while Prime Minister David Cameron said the country was being buffeted by the European downturn.
Britain is back in recession.
Blade.org, the industry consortium driving innovation in blade-based solutions, announced that Bull, a leading European provider of open, flexible and secure information systems, has joined Blade.org.
Bull, has joined Blade.org.
Lets face it, Reggie Bush giving back his Heisman was solely to protect his endorsement money.
Reggie Bush was.
A British journalist facing charges of practising journalism without accreditation in Zimbabwe has skipped bail and sneaked out of the country, according to his defence lawyers.
A British journalist has skipped bail.
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has confirmed he will visit Japan in June, after he received criticism for bypassing the country on his first major overseas tour.
Kevin Rudd will visit Japan.
1 dead, 44 injured in blast in Tanzania church A woman died and 44 people were seriously wounded when a bomb exploded in a Roman Catholic church in northern Tanzania, a Tanzanian police official said Sunday The woman died in hospital as a result of the bombing in the Arusha church just before Mass, which was attended by the papal envoy to Tanzania, said Magesa Mulogo, the regional police commissioner of Arusha.
Dead, 44 injured in blast in Tanzania church A woman died.
The Singapore Tourism Board is developing a new tourism roadmap called Tourism Compass 2020, which will be an enhancement of Tourism 2015, a tourism blueprint launched in 2005 with a vision to become Asia's leading MICE city, leisure destination, and services centre.
The Singapore Tourism Board is developing a new roadmap.
The bankruptcy law firm of Legal Helpers/Macey \u0026 Aleman will open their new Oakland, California, law office during the first week of April to better serve their clients in that part of the state.
The law firm of Legal Helpers / Macey \u0026 Aleman will open their new Oakland, California, office.
Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg, acknowledging concerns about his company's stock performance, said Tuesday that Facebook has survived troubles before.
Chief executive Mark Zuckerberg said Facebook has survived troubles before.
Chairman of the Governing Council of the National African Peer Review Mechanism, Reverend Professor Samuel Adjepong, yesterday reiterated that the APRM which is a process to facilitate good governance, is non-partisan and also not for any particular government, but for the development of all Africans.
The APRM, is non-partisan.
From inflation targeting to nationalising mines, two scenarios keeping the new government on its toes.
From inflation targeting to nationalising mines.
The United States will support the next Afghan president and recognizes opposition challenger Abdullah Abdullah's decision to withdraw from a runoff, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Sunday, cited by AFP.
The United States will support the next Afghan president.
Hillsborough County school administrators and teachers union leaders have tentatively agreed to bring back about 130 veteran teachers who initially were told they weren't coming back in the fall.
School administrators union leaders have agreed to bring about 130 veteran teachers.
Melissa Gilbert has been performing with a broken back for the last 4 months, according to her doctor.
Melissa Gilbert has been performing with a broken back for the 4 months.
Pilots based in Manchester will resist an ID card scheme ``with all legal means possible'', their union has said.
Pilots will resist an ID card scheme.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) paused its repo rate at 8.50% and also held the reverse repo rate at 7.50%, and cash reserve ratio at 6 percent.
The Reserve Bank of India paused its repo rate at 8.50%.
Today Readdle announces the upcoming launch of Cannons, a pirate-themed puzzle game, on the Apple App Store.
Readdle announces the launch of Cannons.
Employees return to a Kennewick casino today to collect their belongings after it unexpectedly closed yesterday.
Employees return to a casino.
Canadian pop star Carly Rae Jepsen has said she is praying the Boy Scouts change their minds on gay rights.
Carly Rae Jepsen is praying the Boy Scouts change their minds on gay rights.
My mother encouraged me to take part so after graduating, I took this opportunity to get some experience.
My mother encouraged to take part.
Former Karnataka Chief Minister Sarekoppa Bangarappa died early this morning at a private hospital in Bangalore following a brief illness, family sources said.
Former Karnataka Chief Minister Sarekoppa Bangarappa died.
Merit Medical Systems, Inc., a leading manufacturer and marketer of proprietary disposable devices used primarily in cardiology, radiology and endoscopy, today announced that it closed its public offering of 5,520,000 shares of common stock, including 720,000 shares issued as a result of the underwriters' exercise of their over-allotment option.
Merit Medical Systems, Inc. closed its public offering of 5,520,000 shares of common stock.
A horse and dog were killed in a barn fire overnight in Washington Township.
A horse and dog were killed in a barn fire overnight.
Sweet Billy Pilgrim have just unveiled the video for Archaeology, the second single from their stunning, and hugely acclaimed, new album Crown And Treaty.
Sweet Billy Pilgrim have unveiled the video for Archaeology.
America's Cup champion Alinghi of Switzerland is heading back to court to settle a dispute over the date of its showdown with BMW Oracle Racing for the oldest trophy in international sports.
America's Cup champion is heading back to court.
Avery Dennison Corporation today announced preliminary, unaudited first quarter 2012 results.
Avery Dennison Corporation today announced, first quarter 2012 results.
Just about every local government office will be closing Monday for the Labor Day holiday.
Every government office will be closing Monday.
BC-HKCCharges Dismissed,0112 Charges against Oshie, Radja dismissed Eds:
0112 Charges against Oshie, Radja dismissed.
The latest rumor on Justin Bieber that he removed his left testicle.
The rumor Justin Bieber removed his left testicle.
Hollywood Reporter informs that singer Carly Rae Jepsen got sued by an Alabama songwriter over the motif of the song ``Good Times''.
Carly Rae Jepsen got sued.
The spinal fusion surgery commonly used to treat spinal injury could leave patients worse off in the long run, one study has indicated.
The spinal fusion surgery could leave patients worse.
British confectionery giant Cadbury Plc warned of slower growth and retailer destocking as the economic downturn starts to bite into the chocolate eating and gum chewing habits of consumers.
Cadbury Plc warned of slower growth as the downturn starts to bite.
Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar said in an interview aired on Sunday that Pakistan was doing more than its share in fighting the Frankenstein of terror created jointly by many world powers including the United States.
Pakistan was doing more than its share in fighting the Frankenstein of terror.
How did Obama do in his Iraq speech on those Four Essential Items I was tracking?
How did Obama do.
A hurricane watch was issued for parts of the Texas and Mexico coasts as Tropical Storm Dolly entered the Gulf of Mexico today.
A hurricane watch was issued for parts of the Texas coasts.
French Economy Minister Christine Lagarde said Feb 25 the turmoil in the Middle East is causing anxiety in commodities markets, as Opec promised to boost output to make up for supply disruptions.
Christine Lagarde said the turmoil in the Middle East is causing anxiety in commodities markets.
Motorola has released their official Android upgrade schedule, giving some long-time owners a set timetable for updates to their smartphone operating system.
Motorola has released their official Android upgrade schedule.
India and Saudi Arabia signed five agreements on Sunday after extensive delegation-level talks between the two countries.
India and Saudi Arabia signed five agreements.
Politico reports Mr. Romney will head back to New Hampshire at the end of April for an Americans for Prosperity forum, another sign he is ramping up his likely 2012 presidential campaign.
Romney will head back to New Hampshire.
Paramount Chief Alie Balasama Marah has informed the Minister of Information and Communication, Alhaji Ibrahim Ben Kargbo, that ``poor road network is one of their killer diseases in Kabala''.
Poor road network is one of their killer diseases.
Johnny Depp, who dropped out of school to become a rockstar but eventually had to settle for an acting career, is planning to start his own recording label.
Johnny Depp is planning to start his recording label.
Military leaders in Afghanistan say nighttime raids give them a tactical advantage in capturing insurgents but that they take steps to reduce the risk to civilians.
Military leaders say nighttime raids give a advantage.
ConocoPhillips today announced the successful startup of Qannik, the third Alpine satellite oil field, approximately two months ahead of schedule.
ConocoPhillips today announced the startup, the third Alpine satellite field.
COUNCILLORS in Dun Laoghaire Rathdown have overwhelmingly voted to retain the generous expenses they are allocated while attending domestic and international conferences, despite an attempt by one public representative to reduce them.
COUNCILLORS have voted to retain the expenses.
A meeting of the Chickasha City Council confirmed on March 28 that water, sanitation, and sewage rates will rise and that this increase will start during the May 2011 billing phase.
Water, sanitation, and sewage rates will rise.
Will Marcal, pictured here competing in the Bay State Games last summer, helped the LHS baseball team win its league opener on Tuesday.
The LHS baseball team win its league opener.
Severe storms battered part of the nation's midsection, toppling trees onto homes in Arkansas and blowing rail cars off of tracks in Illinois, but unlike the storms that killed at least 46 people in six states less than a week ago, there weren't any immediate reports of injuries Tuesday.
Storms battered part of the nation's midsection.
India coach Bob Houghton on Saturday angrily denied making racist remarks in an escalating row with his employers who have already taken steps to sack the Englishman.
India coach Bob Houghton denied making racist remarks.
New research from Strategy Analytics reveal global smartphone shipments rose by an annual rate of 43% to 60 million units during the second quarter of 2010.
Smartphone shipments rose by an rate of 43% during the second quarter.
Dec 12, 2011 - The Pirates announced Monday night that they've acquired infielder Casey McGehee from the Brewers in exchange for relief pitcher Jose Veras.
The Pirates 've acquired Casey McGehee from the Brewers.
In another incident of violence involving a municipal poll candidate, a Shiv Sena nominee was stabbed in outer Delhi on Thursday morning by four persons with police saying it appears to be a case of personal rivalry not linked with elections.
A Shiv Sena nominee was stabbed in outer Delhi.
Interior ministry on Friday told the National Assembly that there is no ban on foreigners to purchase property in Pakistan, adding that, 253 Nigerian are illegally residing in the country.
There is no ban on foreigners to purchase property.
US President Barack Obama hailed an ``historic consensus'' on battling climate change on Thursday, saying rich nations had a duty to lead the fight as they won backing from emerging powers.
Barack Obama hailed an historic consensus on battling climate change.
Kenna is set to release three new EPs this year in preparation for his 2012 album Songs for Flight.
Kenna is set to release three EPs this year.
Xavi has acknowledged that Barcelona have not won anything yet, but that their game against Bayern Munich on Wednesday night was ``perfect''.
Barcelona have not won anything yet.
Sigourney Weaver has attacked Oscar voters, saying James Cameron didn't land the Best Director Oscar gong because he 'didn't have breasts.
Sigourney Weaver has attacked Oscar voters.
The Church of Scientology now states that it is NOT anti-gay after the resignation letter from award winning Director and writer Paul Haggis went viral on the internet over the weekend.
The Church of Scientology states it is NOT anti-gay.
Pop star Madonna and British film director Guy Ritchie have agreed to divorce, they announced on Wednesday, ending nearly eight years of marriage and months of tabloid speculation over their relationship.
Madonna and Guy Ritchie have agreed to divorce.
Dita Von Teese Leaves Avalon In Hollywood , California.
Dita Von Teese Leaves Avalon.
Burt Reynolds, who was hospitalized in Florida last week with the flu, has been released from the hospital.
Burt Reynolds has been released from the hospital.
The Uruguayan government has modified the bidding terms for offshore oil and gas exploration and exploitation, given the dramatic fall in oil prices and the deepening global economic crisis.
The Uruguayan government has modified the bidding terms for offshore oil exploration.
A West Michigan teacher accused of having sex with a student is headed to trial.
A teacher accused of having sex with a student is headed to trial.
India put already-eliminated Pakistan out of its misery in the Champions Trophy by thrashing its fierce rival by eight wickets in a rain-hit match on Saturday, clinching a third straight win for the tournament favorite.
India put Pakistan out of its misery in the Champions Trophy.
Facebook is terminating its verified apps service, which was intended to direct users to trustworthy apps, less than a year after its launch.
Facebook is terminating its verified apps service.
A cyclist is dead after being hit by a truck in Auckland on Wednesday evening.
A cyclist is dead after being hit by a truck.
Operation Lifesaver, in partnership with the US Department of Transportation and major railroad companies, is launching a ``Common Sense'' public awareness safety campaign to reduce train-related pedestrian deaths and injuries.
Operation Lifesaver is launching a Common Sense campaign.
A UKIP election candidate has been suspended after reportedly posting anti-Semitic comments on a conspiracy theory website.
A UKIP election candidate has been suspended after posting anti-Semitic comments.
A MAN died after he was hit by a car and then a van in Leeds last night.
A MAN died after he was hit by a car a van in Leeds.
Anderson County voters rejected the proposed county road unit system Tuesday by a 63-to-37 percent margin.
Voters rejected the road unit system.
Guard Kyle Weaver, a second-round draft pick, signed a multiyear contract Wednesday with Oklahoma City.
Kyle Weaver signed with Oklahoma City.
Exposure to iodinated contrast media during imaging procedures is associated with changes in thyroid function, and increased risk of developing hyperthyroidism, according to a report in the January 23 issue of Archives of Internal Medicine, one of the JAMA/Archives journals.
Exposure to iodinated contrast media is associated, and increased risk of developing hyperthyroidism.
Australian actor Mel Gibson has hit a new low, with tape emerging of him in a full-on sexist, racist rant.
Mel Gibson has hit a new low.
After some warmer than normal spring days, colder temperatures are returning for the weekend, the National Weather Service says.
Colder temperatures are returning.
Amanda Seyfried will play Linda Lovelace in one of two projects underway about the porn star of Deep Throat.
Amanda Seyfried will play Linda Lovelace.
Brazilian airline TAM has received authorization from the National Civil Aviation Agency to begin regular daily operations to Lima, Peru.
TAM has received authorization to begin daily operations to Lima.
The death of a man whose skeletal remains were found along a hiking trail in Palolo Valley last month has been ruled a suicide.
The death of a man whose skeletal remains were found in Palolo Valley has been ruled a suicide.
Chapel Hill Transit will provide a Tar Heel Express shuttle service for the Sept. 1 Elon University football game.
Chapel Hill Transit will provide a shuttle service for the football game.
A former New Haven detective, who admitted he planted drug evidence and stole money from a crime scene, was sentenced Tuesday to 15 months in a federal prison.
A former New Haven detective was sentenced.
Ian White will play as a forward again tonight when the Toronto Maple Leafs host the Detroit Red Wings.
Ian White will play again tonight.
Pittsburgh Pirates All-Star outfielder Andrew McCutchen hosts more than 300 kids at a youth baseball camp, where he stresses the importance of playing the game for fun.
Andrew McCutchen hosts more than 300 kids at a youth baseball camp.
FIFA suspended Peru from international football Tuesday because the government is feuding with the national federation.
FIFA suspended Peru from international football.
Supporters of historic horse racing fell one vote short in their effort to override a veto from Gov. Heineman.
Supporters of historic horse racing fell one vote short.
A cop killer who avoided prison with an insanity plea remains in legal limbo 30 years after his crime.
A cop killer remains in legal limbo 30 years after his crime.
CALGARY, Alberta \u0026 CHICAGO---Critical Mass, an Omnicom digital marketing agency, and Infiniti, leading manufacturer of performance luxury vehicles, jointly announced the launch of a global brand website for Infiniti.
CALGARY - Critical Mass and Infiniti announced the launch of a global brand website.
A 79-year-old Madera man is dead after being hit by a vehicle as he apparently walked home from a store.
A Madera man is dead after being hit by a vehicle.
The Iranian authorities on Monday suspended two prominent opposition political parties, banned a newspaper and handed down prison sentences to three reformist political figures, in the latest sign that the country's hard-line rulers aim to crush any official political representation by the reformist movement.
The Iranian authorities suspended two opposition parties, banned a newspaper.
Tesco Mobile has just announced their iPhone tariffs which will enable consumers to purchase the iPhone 3GS the most competitive prices and contract deals yet.
Tesco Mobile has announced their iPhone tariffs.
A Metro police officer has been indicted on a slew of charges in an alleged cocaine distribution conspiracy.
A Metro officer has been indicted on a slew in an cocaine distribution conspiracy.
After the Tehran International Book Fair, which will be held from May 4 to 14, Afghanistan will host an Iranian book fair, the managing director of Erfan Publications Mohammad-Ebrahim Shariati told the Persian service of the Mehr News Agency.
Afghanistan will host an Iranian book fair.
Paul McCartney finally got his own star on Hollywood's Walk of Fame on Thursday, becoming the last of the four Beatles to receive the honour.
Paul McCartney finally got his star.
Mattson Technology was raised by Needham \u0026 Company from a ``hold'' rating to a ``buy'' rating in a research note released on Friday.
Mattson Technology was raised by Needham \u0026 Company to a buy rating.
Ian Holloway is backing shot-shy striker Aaron Wilbraham to fill the void left by injured top scorer Glenn Murray in the npower Championship play-off final.
Ian Holloway is backing Aaron Wilbraham.
Wayamba has won the toss and will bat first against Central Stags with both teams still seeking their first win of the Champions League Twenty20 before they head home.
Wayamba has won the toss and will bat first against Central Stags.
Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt is ready to prove that he is still the best on the planet, despite suggestions that he might be losing his edge after losing to Tyson Gay last season.
Usain Bolt is ready to prove he is still the best.
``I have to be more relaxed,'' Guillen said Saturday after a question-and-and answer session with fans.
I have to be more relaxed.
New Hampshire's warm, wet summer has prompted a bumper crop of fall webworms and ugly webs that look like cotton candy in trees around the state.
New Hampshire's warm, wet summer has prompted a bumper crop of webworms.
ConocoPhillips, an integrated energy company, has announced several executive management changes to support the company's business and strategic priorities and to advance its corporate succession plans.
ConocoPhillips has announced management changes.
Skier Lindsey Vonn has helped the American team own our podium while Canadian athletes projected to win medals have come up short.
The American team own our podium.
Repsol YPF SA, Spain's biggest oil company, aims to sell part of its stake in its Argentine unit to local investors, Chief Executive Officer Antonio Brufau said.
Repsol YPF SA aims to sell part of its stake in its Argentine unit to local investors.
Southwark council has launched a mobile recycling centre which allows residents to recycle items that cannot be included in ordinary household recycling collections.
Southwark council has launched a mobile recycling centre.
Pakistan should put its ``own house in order'' in the wake of the Mumbai terror attacks and ensure that militancy is not ``exported'' from its soil to any other country, former premier Nawaz Sharif has said.
Pakistan should put and ensure militancy is not exported from its soil.
Eduardo Arellano Felix, the fourth oldest of the seven Arellano Felix brothers, made his first appearance in a US court on September 4, after being extradited to the US five days earlier.
Eduardo Arellano Felix made, after being extradited to the US.
Pakistan Muslim League Functional President Pir Pagara has distanced himself from former president Pervez Musharraf.
Pir Pagara has distanced himself from Pervez Musharraf.
Motorola Inc posted a quarterly net loss as revenue fell a steeper-than-expected 15 per cent, and delayed its plan to spin off its cell phone unit as it struggled to regain its footing in the market.
Motorola Inc posted a quarterly loss.
A team of Swedish and German researchers has uncovered how negative ions interact, according to findings set out in the Review of Scientific Instruments.
A team of Swedish and German researchers has uncovered how negative ions interact.
In the race for Connecticut's open state and Congressional seats, the Republicans will be on top of the ballot.
The Republicans will be on top of the ballot.
State Rep. Calvin Hill is sponsoring House Bill 394, which would allow state lawmakers to carry firearms on government property.
House would allow lawmakers to carry firearms on government property.
The big day is less than five weeks away and today we have news that Apple will be holding a one day sale across the world this coming Friday.
Apple will be holding a one day sale across the world this Friday.
The all-new 2012 Porsche 911 Carrera and 911 Carrera S unveiled in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia not long after Porsche introduced for the Europe market.
The 2012 Porsche 911 Carrera unveiled in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Panasonic will unveil a new digital SLR camera in its Lumix range next week, the company said Wednesday.
Panasonic will unveil a new digital SLR camera next week.
A train struck and killed an unidentified man Sunday night in downtown Shreveport, police said.
A train struck and killed an unidentified man.
Greg Marshall reaffirmed Sunday that he's close to a deal with the Saskatchewan Roughriders to become the CFL team's next head coach.
Greg Marshall's close to a deal with the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
The Red Cross is opening a 4th service center to help storm victims in need.
The Red Cross is opening a 4th service center.
The national strategy to combat human trafficking was launched on Tuesday with an emphasis on prevention, protection, law enforcement and international cooperation.
The national strategy to combat human trafficking was launched.
The Louisiana Philharmonic Orchestra will give a free outdoor concert on Wednesday from 6 to 8:30 pm under the gazebo at Lafreniere Park, 3000 Downs Blvd., Metairie.
The Louisiana Philharmonic Orchestra will give a free concert on Wednesday.
State-run Borse Dubai successfully raised $2.5 billion for a syndicated one-year loan with help from state-run banks, bankers close to the deal said yesterday.
Borse Dubai raised $ 2.5 billion for a loan.
Handset manufacturer HTC has launched its first global ad campaign as part of its Quietly Brilliant branding push.
HTC has launched its global ad campaign as part of its push.
As first reported by Terez Paylor of the Kansas City Star, the Royals have claimed hard-throwing right-handed reliever Maikel Cleto off waivers from the Cardinals and designated outfielder Quintin Berry for assignment to open up a spot on the 40-man roster.
The Royals have claimed hard-throwing Maikel Cleto off waivers from the Cardinals and designated outfielder Quintin Berry.
A UAE private equity firm managing funds plans to raise its stake in Kazakhstan's number two bank Kazkommerts to more than 25 per cent, it said yesterday.
A equity firm plans to raise its stake.
SUPREME Court Bar Association President Ali Ahmad Kurd has said that the lower judiciary must be free from corruption as it is the backbone of the judicial system.
The lower judiciary must be free from corruption.
Two Marseilles men were arrested Wednesday in connection with two January burglaries in the community.
Two Marseilles men were arrested Wednesday.
FIVE wooden benches originally made by Alstonville High School students are back in use.
Benches are back in use.
More than 60,000 people visited an Aldenham temple before a world-renowned Hindu festival drew to a close yesterday.
More than 60,000 people visited an Aldenham temple.
The Dallas Mavericks won their first ever NBA championship Sunday night with a 105-95 win over the Heat in Game 6 of the finals in Miami.
The Dallas Mavericks won their first NBA championship.
Fergie is claiming to be every man's fantasy, both ``the Madonna and the whore'' in the latest issue of Cosmo UK.
Fergie is claiming, the Madonna and the whore.
Libyan rebels warned on Thursday of an impending massacre in Misrata by troops loyal to Muammar Gaddafi if NATO does not intensify its attacks on government forces there.
Libyan rebels warned on Thursday of an massacre in Misrata.
Copper ended firm on Monday, with prices in both London and New York holding near 14-month highs, as investment funds continued to seek safety in tangible assets such as the industrial metals as a hedge against inflation.
Copper ended firm as funds continued to seek safety.
EW Scripps Co. says it's putting the Rocky Mountain News up for sale after losing $$11 million on the Denver operation in the first nine months of the year.The newspaper announced the development on its Web site Thursday.Cincinnati-based Scripps has owned the News since 1926.
EW Scripps Co.'s putting the Rocky Mountain News up for sale.
Georgia's pro-Western President Mikheil Saakashvili on Friday launched one of his strongest attacks yet against Russia, declaring that ``today we are looking evil in the eye''.
We are looking evil in the eye.
Germany today said Pakistan is ''not doing enough'' to combat terrorism, noting that the situation in that country is an issue of ''central concern'' to it.
Pakistan is not doing enough to combat terrorism.
London, Oct 20 Girls Aloud singer Nadine Coyle has revealed that she doesn't like over-confident men and can't stand it if they talk too much.
Nadine Coyle doesn't like over-confident men.
Toy and board game high street retailer Hawkin's Bazaar has entered administration despite the recent boost from Christmas trading.
Hawkin's Bazaar has entered administration.
Patriots starting right guard Dan Connolly, who returned a kickoff 71 yards in the first half, has a head injury and his return to the game is ``questionable.''
Patriots starting Dan Connolly has a head injury and his return is questionable.
Ashley Furniture closed escrow on the former Wickes building, purchasing the freeway-frontage property for $4.2 million, according to a statement from Grubb \u0026 Ellis.
Ashley Furniture closed escrow, purchasing for $ 4.2 million.
A discussion on pain management was held at GMCH-32 on Monday.
A discussion on pain management was held.
Professional disgraced 'bad boy' John Leslie who serves as a warning to all young cassanovas - 'what you do at twenty catches up with you at forty' has been accused of rap by motor mouth rapper Kanye West.
John Leslie - has been accused of rap by Kanye West.
Wendy's International has moved its Latin America and South Florida headquarters to Sunrise from Miami.
Wendy's International has moved to Sunrise.
A 53-year-old grandmother killed two family cats in front of her grandchildren using a meat cleaver before placing the bodies under her bed and leaving the apartment to go to church.
A grandmother killed two cats using a meat cleaver.
Germany coach Joachim Low is set to experiment in his side's November friendlies against Ukraine and the Netherlands, Zeit.de reports.
Germany coach Joachim Low is set to experiment in his side's November friendlies, Zeit.de reports.
A Swedish court on Monday charged a 53-year-old Rwandan man with genocide, accusing him of having taken part in the massacres in his country in 1994.
A Swedish court charged a Rwandan man with genocide.
Tax authorities have decided to issue special notices to 100 major defaulters for not paying their taxes, said officials on Thursday.
Tax authorities have decided to issue special notices to 100 defaulters.
Today we launch ``What's For Lunch, Saline?'' a new feature that's designed to connect hungry readers with local restaurants and their food.
What's For Lunch, Saline.
Neighborhood House in Calexico has received a $5,000 grant from Banamex USA for contruction of a new womens and childrens shelter.
Neighborhood House has received a grant.
US rail intermodal traffic rose 3.9% last week from the same week a year ago to 248,266 units, the Association of American Railroads reported.
Intermodal traffic rose 3.9% week.
A bill that would make police incident reports available to the public cleared the floor of the Mississippi Senate today with no dissent.
A bill would make police incident reports available to the public.
Dubstep pioneer Benga has revealed brand new track 'Icon', which you can hear below, as the first single to be taken from his forthcoming second album 'Chapter 2'.
Benga has revealed new track Icon.
The new Global Strike Command being installed at Barksdale Air Force Base has passed an environmental assessment, allowing the command to move forward.
The Global Strike Command has passed an environmental assessment.
I'm A Celebrity 2012 saw David Haye becoming the eighth person to leave the jungle, meaning that he just lost out on a place in the final.
I 'm A Celebrity 2012.
A veteran Halifax developer who helped create Historic Properties is striking back at a local heritage group for what he calls misinformation about his latest development proposal.
A developer is striking back.
President Hugo Chavez threatened Saturday to imprison the popular governor of Venezuela's western Zulia state for allegedly plotting to kill him.
Hugo Chavez threatened to imprison.
Security By You has launched a brand new website to provide the company's first platform for nationwide online retail sales of its Do It Yourself Alarm Systems.
Security has launched a brand new website.
The Indian rupee edged higher in range-bound trade on Tuesday, the first trading day of the new fiscal year, helped by bunched-up inflows, but a record current account deficit weighed on the currency's fortunes.
The Indian rupee edged.
Novak Djokovic will team with his idol Pete Sampras to play Bob and Mike Bryan in a doubles exhibition on March 4 at UCLA's Pauley Pavilion.
Novak Djokovic will team with his idol Pete Sampras.
The Islamic Development Bank provided loan for Turkish railways on Thursday, Turkey's Treasury Undersecretariat said.
The Islamic Development Bank provided loan for Turkish railways.
In a study to be presented on Feb. 16 at the Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine's annual meeting, The Pregnancy Meeting ™, in San Francisco, researchers will report findings that suggest comprehensive maternal hemorrhage protocols reduce utilization of blood products and improve patient safety.
Comprehensive maternal hemorrhage protocols reduce and improve patient safety.
Employers posted the most job openings in four years in June, a sign that hiring may pick up.
Employers posted the most job openings in four years.
Pure Fishing, a leading global provider of branded fishing products, today announced plans to establish its world headquarters in Columbia, South Carolina.
Pure Fishing today announced plans to establish its world headquarters in Columbia, South Carolina.
Adele has been spotted out with her newborn son for the first time since giving birth to the tot last month.
Adele has been spotted out with her newborn son for the first time since giving birth.
Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice has said that Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney and running mate Paul Ryan ``know what to do'' to maintain US leadership.
Condoleezza Rice has said Mitt Romney know to maintain leadership.
A nail has been found stuck in ham package sold at a discount store here, police said.
A nail has been found stuck in ham package sold at a discount store.
An Iuka woman died in an early morning house fire Monday at her home on Old Highway 25 North in Iuka.
An woman died in an house fire in Iuka.
Yuba Community College District trustees narrowly rejected a fiscal contingency plan Wednesday that faculty critics said failed to include enough administrators on a layoff list.
Trustees rejected a fiscal plan.
Emkay Securities maintained BUY rating on Axis Bank with a price target of Rs 900 as against current market price of Rs 663.
Emkay Securities maintained BUY rating on Axis Bank.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, MCXCOMDEX is trading flat at 2,286.93, up 0.36 points, or 0.02%, after opening at 2,286.79.
MCXCOMDEX is trading flat.
Arts and cultural groups are scrambling to find new venues after being told that a hip evangelical church has bought The Centre for the Performing Arts in downtown Vancouver and plans to take over the 1,800-seat theatre this summer.
Arts and cultural groups are scrambling to find new venues.
A TEENAGE sex attacker raped a schoolgirl after posing as a good Samaritan who was taking her home.
A TEENAGE sex attacker raped a schoolgirl.
General Motors, the largest US automaker and one of the industrial icons that helped define the nation's economic growth and prosperity for most of the 20th century, filed for bankruptcy Monday morning in New York.
General Motors filed for bankruptcy.
The US dollar fell against most major currencies on Wednesday as the Federal Reserve's rate decision and wholesale inflation data weighed on the greenback.
The dollar fell against most major currencies on Wednesday.
Bladders do not appear to shrink with age, suggesting that urinary troubles in older people can no longer be considered a normal part of aging, according to new study.
Bladders do not appear to shrink with age.
Turkey and the Syrian National Council offer Syrian President Bashar al-Assad help in finding a new home, RIA Novosti reports.
Turkey offer Bashar al-Assad help in finding a new home.
Character actor Henry Gibson died this week at 73.
Character actor Henry Gibson died at 73.
Visible minorities are significantly less likely to become federal judges compared to straight, white men and are noticeably absent from the judicial selection process, a new report by Ryerson University's Diversity Institute shows.
Visible minorities are, and are absent from the judicial selection process, a report shows.
Seattle-based design consultancy Teague has launched a new website at http://www.teague.com.
Teague has launched a new website.
Rio Tinto signed a state support agreement with the government of Madhya Pradesh to further advance its Bunder diamond project in India, the company reported.
Rio Tinto signed a state support agreement to advance its diamond project.
More Kentucky counties have been designated as drought disaster areas, Gov. Steve Beshear announced Wednesday.
More Kentucky counties have been designated as drought disaster areas.
European qualifying wrestling tournament for the Summer Olympic Games kicks off in Bulgaria on April 20.
European qualifying wrestling tournament kicks in Bulgaria.
The Bank of Japan decided today to keep interest rates unchanged at 0.1% for the 12th consecutive meeting and said it will end corporate debts purchases by the end of this year as it was scheduled, while the bank decided to extend the limitless lending program till March 31 accepting and accepted low rated debts as a collateral till the end of next year.
The Bank of Japan decided to keep interest rates unchanged and said it will end corporate debts purchases by the end of this year.
Gordon received a member award of merit for the Alberta Division of the MS Society, after her work led to the formation of a MS Connector Services Committee.
Gordon received a award.
THE Weston arts festival enters its second week with a wide range of shows on offer, from West End musicals to pinhole photography.
THE arts festival enters its second week.
ICICI Prudential today launched two life insurance products, ICICI Pru Elite Life and ICICI Pru Elite Wealth, that offer customers the flexibility of choosing the frequency of their premium payments.
ICICI Prudential today launched two life insurance products.
As energetic as always, Memphis coach and former Arizona Wildcat Josh Pastner met with the media Thursday.
Coach and Josh Pastner met with the media.
US President Barack Obama expressed solidarity with Prime Minister Gordon Brown over the ``unacceptable'' jailing by Iran of a British embassy employee, their governments said Thursday.
Barack Obama expressed solidarity with Gordon Brown, their governments said.
A former Madison High School softball coach pleaded guilty to having sex with a student.
A coach pleaded guilty to having sex with a student.
Mystery surrounds blood and a pair of glasses that were found in a Sutton street this morning.
Mystery surrounds blood and a pair of glasses that were found in a Sutton street.
Denny Hamlin said Wednesday his knee is feeling better and he expects to run the full race this weekend at Texas Motor Speedway.
Denny Hamlin said his knee is feeling better.
Wells Fargo \u0026 Co. CFO Howard Atkins, whose sudden departure was announced this week, will leave with more than $22 million in pay and benefits.
Wells Fargo \u0026 Co. CFO Howard Atkins will leave with more than $ 22 million.
Aspirin, according to some recent trails, may help treat colon cancer.
Aspirin may help treat colon cancer.
Arnold Schwarzenegger and Maria Shriver may be set for a sensational reconciliation after sources claim the couple are attending 'couples therapy' in a bid to save their scandal-hit marriage.
Arnold Schwarzenegger and Maria Shriver may be set after sources claim the couple are attending therapy in a bid to save their marriage.
Odense goalkeeper Arek Onyszko has been charged with violence and threats against his former wife, the Polish player's club said Monday.
Odense goalkeeper Arek Onyszko has been charged with violence.
The government yesterday revealed it intends to resurrect its £1bn carbon capture and storage competition, just a few months after £1bn from a first failed attempt at promoting the technology was reallocated to other infrastructure schemes by the Treasury.
It intends to resurrect its £ 1bn carbon capture and storage competition.
The rupee, after remaining under pressure for the last couple of days, regained strength against the dollar in the inter-bank market, dealers said on Wednesday.
The rupee regained strength against the dollar.
Judge won't dismiss part of Martha Stewart lawsuit A New York State Supreme Court judge has rejected a motion by Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia lawyers to dismiss Macy's claim that the New York-based merchandising and media company violated its pact when it developed certain products for competitor JC Penney even though they don't carry the home designer's name.
Judge won't dismiss part of Martha Stewart lawsuit.
An experimental plane crashed today in the backyard of a Perris home, leaving the pilot seriously injured.
An experimental plane crashed, leaving the pilot seriously injured.
A 28-year-old man, identified as MA Aziz, died on the spot when an unidentified car hit him in the early hours of Friday near Mindspace in Madhapur.
A man died on the spot an car hit him.
Actor James Franco is all set to direct ``Child of God'', a film based on Cormac McCarthy's novel.
James Franco is set to direct Child of God.
R\u0026B Singer Lauryn Hill pleaded guilty Friday to charges brought against her for dodging federal taxes.
Lauryn Hill pleaded guilty.
A 35-year-old Tampa man is accused of trafficking in heroin, racketeering and conspiracy to commit racketeering.
A Tampa man is accused of trafficking in heroin.
Birds may face higher risk of extinction than conventionally thought, says a bird ecology and conservation expert from Stanford University.
Birds may face higher risk of extinction than conventionally thought.
Boston police are investigating an overnight shooting in Hyde Park that witnesses say left a teenager dead.
Police are investigating an overnight shooting.
WALLABIES and Brumbies utility Julian Huxley has a brain tumour, Brumbies chief executive officer Andrew Fagan says.
Julian Huxley has a brain tumour.
As cleanup begins, officials report that six tornadoes touched down in Georgia.
Six tornadoes touched down in Georgia.
The Town of Westport has launched a new website at that gives visitors more online offerings and includes a mobile version for the latest handheld phones and tablets.
The Town of Westport has launched a new website.
A Kazakh fugitive accused of embezzling about $20 million from his homeland was living in a lavish King City mansion until his recent arrest.
A Kazakh fugitive was living in a King City mansion.
LONDON -An English youth academy player has been charged with the stabbing murder of a 15-year-old girl last weekend.
English youth academy player has been charged with the murder.
Barletta, R-Hazleton, confirmed that he will run for a second term, saying that after 9 months in office ``it's clear a lot of work needs to be done.''
Barletta will run for a second term.
Famous Pakistani musician Rahat Fateh Ali Khan has said that 'Aman Ki Asha' between Pakistan and India is getting more success and sentiments of friendship are improving in two neighbours.
Aman Ki Asha is getting more success.
An Israeli air raid on the northern Gaza Strip killed two Palestinians and wounded a third on Wednesday, a spokesman for the Hamas-run emergency services told AFP.
An Israeli raid killed two Palestinians.
North Korea launched a long-range rocket on Sunday that passed over Japan, the government in Tokyo said, defying calls from world leaders to scrap a plan that has caused international alarm.
North Korea launched a rocket that passed over Japan.
In a phone call today, President Barack Obama told Vladimir Putin that he ``looks forward to visiting'' Russia in September, according to the White House.
Barack Obama looks forward to visiting Russia in September.
Actor Tom Sizemore was arrested and jailed Tuesday on an outstanding warrant and later released on a 26,000-dollar bail, Entertainment Weekly reported.
Tom Sizemore was arrested on an outstanding warrant.
ORICA has pleaded guilty to breaching its Environmental Protection Licence last year when ammonium nitrate was discharged from its Kooragang Island plant.
ORICA has pleaded guilty.
THE region's best young netballers gathered at the Townsville Ergon Energy Building recently to learn vital leadership skills.
THE region's best netballers gathered to learn leadership skills.
IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt on Monday alleged that former Gujarat minister Amit Shah had tried to influence his deposition before SIT about Chief Minister Narendra Modi's meeting after the Godhra train attack where he reportedly said that Hindus should be allowed to 'vent their anger.
Amit Shah had tried to influence.
Flanker John Barclay maintains the belief Scotland can defeat arch-rivals England to rescue their World Cup campaign and avoid a premature return home.
John Barclay maintains the belief.
US President Barack Obama congratulates President of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev on the occasion of Eid-al-Adha, press service of the President told APA.
US President Barack Obama congratulates President of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev on the occasion of Eid-al-Adha.
Former Olympic ice dancer Pasha Grishuk was drugged with GHB, a common date rape drug, during a business meeting at a ritzy Orange County hotel, a sheriff's spokesman said Tuesday.
Olympic ice dancer Pasha Grishuk was drugged with GHB.
The UFC announced today that Tyson Griffin will make his featherweight debut against former top contender Manvel ``Manny'' Gamburyan at UFC on Versus 4.
Tyson Griffin will make his featherweight debut against former top contender.
Fallout 3 has been named the game of the year at the 9th annual Game Developers Choice Awards.
Fallout 3 has been named the game of the year.
Wesley Snipes will not be allowed to appeal his prison sentence to the US Supreme Court.
Wesley Snipes will not be allowed to appeal.
CHRISTMAS dinners worth thousands of pounds have been stolen from a family-run, north-east butcher.
CHRISTMAS dinners have been stolen.
Manchester post production house Sumners is downsizing and moving to smaller premises at MediaCityUK.
Sumners is downsizing and moving at MediaCityUK.
Luca Badoer says he feels just as sorry for Michael Schumacher as he does for Felipe Massa as he finalises his preparations for a Formula 1 return in Valencia this weekend.
Luca Badoer feels sorry for Michael Schumacher he.
A St. Paul daycare provider was struck in the arm by an apparent wayward bullet on Monday while caring for three small children in a North End-area home, authorities say.
A St. Paul daycare provider was struck by an wayward bullet.
NFL commissioner Roger Goodell, speaking at the owners' meetings in Orlando, Fla., on Monday, said he will meet with Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger at the ``appropriate time'' regarding sexual-assault allegations levied against Pittsburgh's starting quarterback, according to multiple media outlets.
Roger Goodell will meet with Ben Roethlisberger.
Financial services firm Goldman Sachs was upgraded to buy from hold by TheStreet Ratings on Friday.
Goldman Sachs was upgraded to buy.
The Wheeling Nailers announced that they will open training camp at 3 pm on Friday when they take the ice at WesBanco Arena.
The Wheeling Nailers will open training camp on Friday.
India on Thursday expressed its readiness to work with the international community to promote gender equality and empowerment of women in rural areas for achieving inclusive and sustainable growth.
India expressed its readiness to work to promote gender equality.
A CITY coach firm has denied 26 charges of having its drivers work excessive hours and misuse tachographs.
A coach firm has denied 26 charges.
A Greeley high school teacher was arrested Tuesday, accused of groping a 16-year-old student in a classroom.
A Greeley teacher was arrested, accused of groping a student.
Akansa Chapter visited the Library of Congress at the 117th Continental Congress of the National Society Daughters of the American Revolution to present five computer disks filled with veterans' information for the Veterans History Project.
Akansa Chapter visited the Library of Congress.
Uttar Pradesh government today said that it was not considering the regularisation of illegal colonies already developed by builders using private land.
Government was not considering the regularisation of illegal colonies.
Rice importers in the Kingdom have threatened to increase the price of this essential commodity by the middle of this year unless the Ministry of Finance pays them the subsidy which the government fixed at SR1,000 for each ton.
Rice importers have threatened to increase the price.
Tickets will go on sale at 6 pm Thursday, Sept. 4 for the Randolph Township trip to see ``Gypsy'' at the St. James Theatre in New York City.
Tickets will go on sale to see Gypsy.
Commissioner for Civil Aviation Colin Jordaan says regional airline SA Airlink is ``fit to fly.''
SA Airlink is fit to fly.
Former England defender Gary Neville has been appointed to the England coaching staff on a four-year contract.
Gary Neville has been appointed to the England coaching staff.
NJ teacher denies soliciting sex from student on Facebook A northern New Jersey high school teacher is denying allegations that he arranged to meet a male student at a fast-food restaurant and pay the youth $50 for sex.
NJ teacher denies soliciting sex from student on Facebook.
Liz Claiborne Inc. predicted Wednesday that it will keep losing money in the first half of the year as it confronts a severe pullback in consumer spending.
Liz Claiborne Inc. predicted it will keep losing money.
Prince William is set to be deployed to the Falkland Islands today to continue his search and rescue pilot training.
Prince William is set to be deployed to the Falkland Islands today.
Ananova.com reports that Jay-Z praised West after the rapper was voted the best on a list of Hottest MCs In The Game.
Jay-Z praised West.
Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki extended on Friday the deadline for the Shia militia Mahdi Army to lay down its weapons until April 8, media reports said.
Nuri al-Maliki extended the deadline for the Mahdi Army.
3 Feb, 01:26 - Teri Hatcher has admitted that she sleeps in the same bed as her pet bulldog.
Teri Hatcher sleeps as her bulldog.
Canada competition watchdog reaches airline deal Canada's competition watchdog says it has reached an agreement with Air Canada and US partner United Continental that will allow them to cooperate on transborder routes while protecting consumers.
Canada competition watchdog reaches airline deal.
Disney Channel and Disney XD today announced an open casting call in Austin, Texas, to give promising, new actors and actresses an opportunity of a lifetime to audition for casting representatives.
Disney Channel and Disney XD today announced an open casting call.
England have restricted India to 120 for 9 in the one-off Twenty20 international at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata on Saturday.
England have restricted India.
Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal on Sunday told leaders of the 17 farmers' unions that the state will cancel the notification for acquisition of 171 acres of Gobindpura village for the upcoming power plant of Indiabulls, and they can start tilling their land.
The state will cancel the notification for acquisition of 171 acres.
Upscale retailer Williams-Sonoma Inc. of San Francisco says it is lowering its revenue and earnings guidance for the third quarter of its fiscal year that ends Nov. 2 as well as its full fiscal year, which ends Feb. 1, 20099.
Williams-Sonoma Inc. is lowering its guidance.
Kylie Minogue has hit out at her record label Parlophone following poor sales of her recent singles.
Kylie Minogue has hit out at her record label Parlophone following poor sales.
Biotechnology company Genzyme Corp. said yesterday it will buy back $1 billion in common stock from Goldman Sachs \u0026 Co.
Genzyme Corp. will buy $ 1 billion in stock.
Unruly drinkers are to be shown the red card under a pioneering scheme to ban undesirable customers from Yarmouth's licensed premises instantly.
Unruly drinkers are to be shown the red card.
The United States through American Red Cross has pledged to donate $50,000 to flood victims in the Western Division.
The United States has pledged to donate $ 50,000 to flood victims.
The 17-member eurozone and 27-member European Union avoided falling back into recession in the first quarter of the year, with few countries like Germany, Finland, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia and Belgium confounding expectations with a positive growth.
The eurozone avoided falling back into recession.
Plant Hatch, a nuclear power plant located in Baxley, held a practice drill on Wednesday, Nov. 2.
Plant Hatch held a practice drill.
May 10, 2013 PepsiCo says it plans to start testing new fountain equipment at restaurants that offers nearly 100 different flavor combinations.
PepsiCo plans to start testing new fountain equipment.
Skanska USA is moving its New York headquarters to the Empire State Building, where it will retrofit the 32nd floor for LEED certification.
Skanska USA is moving to the Empire State Building.
Congressman Chris Gibson, R-Kinderhook, will appear on ABC's ``This Week'' with Christiane Amanpour on Sunday, Jan. 9, according to a release from his office.
Congressman Chris Gibson will appear on ABC's This Week with Christiane Amanpour.
Michael Jackson could make his long awaited comeback at the Grammy Awards in Los Angeles next month, according to reports.
Michael Jackson could make his comeback at the Grammy Awards.
Five persons were killed and two seriously injured when a boiler meant for melting iron scraps exploded in an industrial estate on Thursday, police said.
Five persons were killed and two injured a boiler exploded.
Minister of State for Food Supplies and Consumer Welfare Sharada Prasanna Nayak today informed the Assembly that a new procurement policy will be formulated to ensure that the farmers get minimum support price for foodgrains and other agricultural produce.
A new procurement policy will be formulated.
A dairy cow calls out in Chino, California April 25, 2012.
A dairy cow calls out in Chino.
SWACO will hold its first mobile Household Hazardous Waste collection of 2011 in Franklin County this weekend.
SWACO will hold its mobile Waste collection.
SIRIUSXM RADIO fourth quarter 2012 revenue rose 14% to $892 million, with net income doubling from $71 million to $156 million and adjusted EBITDA up 38% to $230 million.
Fourth quarter 2012 revenue rose 14%.
Earlier today I posted on the white iPhone 4 and the reasons it has been delayed, you can read that article however something has now been reported that may give reason to presume the white iPhone 4 availability roll out by Apple could be slow.
The white iPhone 4 availability roll out could be slow.
Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux have not broken up despite reports indicting they have, according to her rep.
Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux have not broken up.
Israeli forces Thursday arrested five Palestinians from Qalqilia and Jenin governorates, north of the West Bank.
Israeli forces Thursday arrested five Palestinians, north of the West Bank.
Barnes Group Inc., a diversified global manufacturer and logistical services company, today announced it is withdrawing full year 2009 earnings guidance due to increased uncertainty in the transportation sector, which is approximately one-third of revenues, and continued weakness in the macroeconomic environment.
Barnes Group Inc. is withdrawing full year 2009 earnings guidance.
Conservative candidates running to replace Nevada Senator Harry Reid, along with those running for governor will debate in Reno tonight.
Conservative candidates, will debate in Reno tonight.
An Ontario animal shelter rushed to judgment in declaring a ringworm outbreak that led to dozens of animals being euthanized just over a year ago, experts said in a report on the incident.
An Ontario animal shelter rushed to judgment in declaring a ringworm outbreak, experts said in a report.
India on Thursday announced a set of reforms in education system to bring it at part with European countries.
India announced a set of reforms in education system.
Obesity is a major contributor to heart disease that substantially hinders the disease's proper diagnosis and treatment, says a cardiologist researching the impact of obesity and weight loss on the heart.
Obesity is a major contributor to heart disease.
Samsung accessories were hotter than Nokia accessories according to mobile phone accessories supplier DockandCover.
Samsung accessories were hotter than Nokia accessories.
Graduate jobs provider Balfour Beatty has secured work on six construction frameworks worth more than £250m through its contractor Mansell.
Balfour Beatty has secured work on six construction frameworks.
Dame Helen Mirren hated Alfred Hitchcock when they first met.
Helen Mirren hated Alfred Hitchcock.
- U2 had the highest grossing tour of the year in 2011, with its 360 Tour raking in $231.9 in ticket sales worldwide in just 34 shows.
U2 had the highest grossing tour in 2011 with.
Congolese former Prime Minister Bernard Kolelas, who was also the mayor of Brazzaville, died Friday in Paris, France, where he had been receiving treatment for months, aged 76, Congolese state radio announced.
Congolese Prime Minister Bernard Kolelas died in Paris.
A new national grocery store will open soon in east Greensboro, according to Greensboro City Councilman Jim Kee.
A new grocery store will open in east Greensboro.
A shooting in Pasco sends one teenager to the hospital with a shot to his arm.
A shooting in Pasco sends one teenager to the hospital.
You may remember that we started putting together how to fix Internet Explorer guides earlier this week following lots of reports of problems, firstly we showed you how to uninstall unnecessary toolbars, today we will show you how to reset Internet Explorer back to its factory settings, this usually fixes most IE-related problems, this guide will help Internet Explorer 6, 7 or 8 users.
How to fix Internet Explorer guides.
Duke Of Marmalade will run in Tuesday's Juddmonte International, trainer Aidan O'Brien confirmed on Monday afternoon.
Duke Of Marmalade will run in Tuesday's Juddmonte International.
A Sanford woman heading home from a South Dakota motorcycle rally has died in a crash on Interstate 70 in Missouri.
A Sanford woman has died.
A Manchester man was charged with attacking his girlfriend and seriously injuring her because he believed she was having an affair.
A man was charged with attacking his girlfriend.
Secretary Health Punjab Arif Nadim has said that a special mass vaccination campaign against measles is being launched in Lahore from April 29 which would continue till May 5.
A special vaccination campaign against measles is being launched.
The Justice Department today announced that it will monitor the primary elections on June 1, 2010, in Cibola and Sandoval Counties, NM, to ensure compliance with the minority language requirements of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and other federal voting rights statutes.
The Justice Department will monitor the elections, in Cibola and Sandoval Counties, NM.
Applied Materials said Wednesday that it swung to a profit for its fiscal third quarter.
Applied Materials swung to a profit.
A man accused of dumping his 2-year-old son's body in a trash can and then filling it with 450 pounds of concrete is out on bond.
A man accused of dumping his 2-year-old son's body in a trash can is out on bond.
Keith Brown has been named as the new Scottish transport minister following the resignation of Stewart Stevenson.
Keith Brown has been named as the new Scottish transport minister.
A brawl between six men broke spilled onto TV Highway in Aloha, according to police.
A brawl broke spilled onto TV Highway.
Cherry Hill Police are participating in the ``Drive Sober or Get Pulled Over'' driving while intoxicated enforcement campaign again this holiday season.
Cherry Hill Police are participating in the Sober or Get Pulled Over driving.
Britain is to withdraw the children of all its diplomats based in Islamabad in the wake of the bombing at the Marriott Hotel in the capital city of Islamabad last month, the Foreign Office has said.
Britain is to withdraw the children of its diplomats based in Islamabad.
To welcome harud season, 'harud tree talks' were held in a row in Srinagar.
Harud tree talks were held in Srinagar.
Former Renault boss Flavio Briatore asked a French court on Tuesday to overturn his lifetime suspension from Formula One and force the sport's governing body to pay him $1.5 million in damages.
Flavio Briatore asked a court to overturn his suspension.
A Fort Hood soldier, originally from New York and now living in Temple, is accused of threatening his girlfriend with a handgun.
A Fort Hood soldier is accused of threatening his girlfriend with a handgun.
PRIME Minister Gordon Brown will appear in front of the Iraq inquiry before the general election.
Gordon Brown will appear in front of the Iraq inquiry before the election.
A Prince Albert police officer pleaded guilty to assault Tuesday for using excessive force during the arrest of a man on New Year's Eve in 2010.
A Prince Albert police officer pleaded guilty to assault.
Washington, Apr 24 The United States today said it supports the Indian efforts to stop fighting in Sri Lanka and appealed to both the Rajapaksa Government and LTTE to end hostilities.
The United States supports the Indian efforts to stop fighting in Sri Lanka.
After a long treck, Universal finally bought out EMI worldwide on Friday after US and UK authorities gave the all clear, although the deals weren't without their conditions.
Universal bought out EMI worldwide.
In a relatively minor deal that actually helps both teams involved, the Toronto Raptors have reportedly traded Jason Kapono to the Sixers for Reggie Evans.
The Toronto Raptors have traded Jason Kapono to the Sixers for Reggie Evans.
Mark Schwarz reports from Foxborough, Mass., where Rob Gronkowski missed practice due to a high ankle sprain.
Rob Gronkowski missed practice.
Johnson is the third forward to join Preston under Phil Brown after the club were able to secure the services of the American international from the Cottagers, who paid £3million to acquire his services from Kansas City Wizards.
Johnson is the forward to join Preston.
US President Barack Obama congratulated India on its ``historic'' national elections saying he looks forward to continue working with the Indian government to enhance the ``warm partnership'' between the two countries.
Barack Obama congratulated India.
The International Monetary Fund's steering committee has said that global financial instability has increased and monetary policy should be flexible and aim for medium-term price stability.
Global financial instability has increased.
Lebanon is considering a plan to evacuate its citizens from war-torn Ivory Coast, Prime Minister Saad Hariri's office reported on Monday.
Lebanon is considering a plan to evacuate its citizens from Ivory Coast.
Finally Miranda Kerr and Orlando Bloom have confirmed what we've all suspected since their quickie wedding last month... she's pregnant!!
Miranda Kerr have confirmed she's pregnant.
Microsoft has issued an update to Silverlight for Windows and the Mac to fix a number of bugs to improve security and reliability.
Microsoft has issued to Silverlight to fix.
Lansing school officials are calling their new mobile enrollment unit a success.
School officials are calling their mobile enrollment unit a success.
Former United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan launched a commission on Thursday to tackle drug trafficking in West Africa.
Kofi Annan launched to tackle drug trafficking.
Anton Ferdinand has allegedly received a bullet in the post ahead of Saturday's FA Cup tie between QPR and Chelsea.
Anton Ferdinand has received a bullet in the post.
However, the Reserve Bank has indicated that it may not cut interest rates to promote growth in its policy.
The Reserve Bank has indicated it may not cut interest rates to promote growth.
Tech is the second university ever to have its moot court team defend and keep its national title.
Its moot court team defend and keep its national title.
Primary One class sizes in Scotland are to be legally limited to a maximum of 25 pupils.
One class sizes are to be limited.
Former golden girl of Indian athletics PT Usha, who missed the bronze medal at the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics by 1/100th of a second, on Saturday said that India will have to wait for an Olympic medal in athletics.
India will have to wait for an Olympic medal.
On September 9, the Dubai Metro celebrated one year of operation amid huge success indicators in the operational efficiency, punctuality in journey schedules, highest global safety standards, and a number of users who clocked from the inception up to the first of week of September this year about 30 million passengers.
The Dubai Metro celebrated one year of operation.
The International Baccalaureate will host its 29th annual conference for educators throughout the Americas region from 15-18 July at the Fontainebleau Hotel, Miami Beach, Florida.
The International Baccalaureate will host its 29th conference from 18 July, Miami Beach.
Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba hopes Friday's World Cup draw is kinder to his team than it was four years ago.
Didier Drogba hopes Friday's draw is kinder than it was four years ago.
The Founder and Leader of Muttahida Quami Movement Mr Altaf Hussain has said that the terrorist elements carrying out attack on defence installations, slaughtering the personnel of the armed forced defending the borders, and instigating sectarian bloodshed were open enemies of Pakistan and not its friends.
The elements carrying out attack on defence installations were enemies of Pakistan.
George Zimmerman, the Neighborhood Watch volunteer who fatally shot 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in February, has started a website and is soliciting donations, MSNBC.com reports.
George Zimmerman, the volunteer who shot Trayvon Martin, has started a website and is soliciting donations.
Who Wants To Beat Nickelback? was a top story.
Who Wants To Beat Nickelback.
The Eastern Regional Minister, Mr Samuel Ofosu-Ampofo, on Thursday reminded accountants of educational institutions that they would render accounts of their stewardship to the owners of the funds they handled.
They would render accounts of their stewardship.
The Charlie Daniels Band concert at the Independence Events Center has been canceled.
The Charlie Daniels Band concert has been canceled.
Saudi Aramco delays two oil production development projects as demand for oil falters on back of global crisis.
Saudi Aramco delays two oil production development projects.
The Pakistani Taliban has begun a revenge killing spree in Karachi, with mostly 'anti-Taliban' workers as their main targets.
The Pakistani Taliban has begun a revenge killing spree in Karachi.
Energy minister Taner Yildiz will travel to Russia to hold energy talks this week.
Taner Yildiz will travel to Russia to hold talks.
Google expanded its online bookstore to Canada on November 1, offering hundreds of thousands of electronic books for sale and millions of others for free.
Google expanded its online bookstore to Canada.
A North Little Rock man is wanted for capital murder.
A man is wanted for capital murder.
COLUMBUS, Ohio Police say an Ohio State football recruit remains in critical condition a day after he was shot multiple times and a teenage girl was killed at a house in Youngstown.
An Ohio State recruit remains in critical condition.
Texas A\u0026M has finalized their 2012 football schedule - their first as a member of the Southeastern Conference - by adding FCS opponent Sam Houston State to its previously open November 17 date.
Texas A\u0026M has finalized their 2012 football schedule by adding Sam Houston State.
Royal Dutch Shell said it had agreed to buy shale assets for $1.935 billion from Chesapeake Energy, as part of vast divestment plans unveiled by the US natural gas giant.
Royal Dutch Shell had agreed to buy shale assets from Chesapeake Energy.
Koobflog.com announces updates to the website including a new logo, and a new look to the golf social network.
Koobflog.com announces updates, and a new look to the golf social network.
Eclipse Aviation Corp., the closely held Albuquerque, NM, producer of small personal jets, filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of US bankruptcy law after being hurt by manufacturing problems and tighter global credit markets, The Wall Street Journal reported.
Eclipse Aviation Corp. filed for protection under Chapter 11.
Amy Adams opens up about her engagement to actor Darren Le Gallo and their wedding plans in the August issue of Allure magazine.
Amy Adams opens up about her engagement to actor Darren Le Gallo.
Marketing consortium TIPTO will take its travel agent roadshows to Jersey for the first time this autumn.
TIPTO will take its roadshows to Jersey.
A flash flood watch has been issued for Butler and Warren counties by the National Weather Service in Wilmington.
A flash flood watch has been issued for Butler and Warren counties.
Douglas County has settled a lawsuit with a former employee of the county clerk's office, who claimed she was wrongfully terminated.
Douglas County has settled a lawsuit with a former employee.
Former South Africa fast bowler and New Zealand bowling coach Allan Donald reckons that reverse swing, an art he mastered belatedly in his career, will play a decisive role in the World Cup.
Reverse swing will play a decisive role.
Stem cells injected in the heart help it pump better a year after a heart attack, according to a study at the MD Anderson Cancer center.
Stem cells help it pump after a heart attack.
Big revelation in Bofors scam, Former Sweden police chief Sten Lindstrom says Rajiv Gandhi deliberately protected Quattrocchi.
Rajiv Gandhi deliberately protected Quattrocchi.
London, Apr 4 India hopes to increase its share in the quotas of multilateral development banks like the International Monetary Fund and Asian Development Bank after major stakeholders in them bring forward the issue of quota review and expanding in accordance with current realities that will give proper representation to the emerging economies.
India hopes to increase its share in the quotas of development banks.
An Iraqi Marsh Arab carries reeds at the Chebayesh marsh in Nassiriya, 300 km southeast of Baghdad, February 15, 2013.
An Iraqi Marsh Arab carries reeds at the Chebayesh marsh in Nassiriya.
Sterling Bancorp said Monday that it will offer 5.1 million shares to raise money for general corporate purposes.
Sterling Bancorp will offer 5.1 million shares.
Burnley fans are being asked to dig deep for Clarets legend Gary Parkinson at Turf Moor this weekend.
Burnley fans are being asked to dig deep for Gary Parkinson.
The Board of Directors of Southside Bancshares, Inc. SBSI, parent company of Southside Bank declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.20 per common share.
The Board of Southside Bancshares, Inc. SBSI, declared a cash dividend.
David Cameron arrives in Northern Ireland for the G8 summit.
David Cameron arrives for the G8 summit.
Tom Cruise has officially signed on to star in MISSION IMPOSSIBLE 5, marking a return to the lucrative franchise for both Cruise, Paramount and Skydance Productions.
Tom Cruise has signed on to star in MISSION IMPOSSIBLE 5.
THE prosecution has demanded the Latin Kings gang be disbanded in Mallorca after several of its members allegedly beat-up a young Bolivian in Palma at the end of 2008.
The Latin Kings gang be disbanded.
Lt. Gov. Brad Owen was fined $1,000 on Thursday for failing to submit finance reports related to his campaign and surplus accounts.
Brad Owen was fined $ 1,000 for failing to submit finance reports.
Justin Bieber has claimed that he is planning to release an acoustic album, just in time for Christmas.
Justin Bieber is planning to release an acoustic album.
The new Big Brother 2013 housemates had their suitcases shredded this evening, as part of an evil launch night twist!
The Big Brother 2013 housemates had their suitcases shredded.
Wimbledon organisers have promised to stop shooting pigeons around the All England Club following outrage from animal activists groups.
Wimbledon organisers have promised to stop shooting pigeons.
Arsenal captain Cesc Fabregas has been ruled out of the Carling Cup final on Sunday with a hamstring injury.
Arsenal captain Cesc Fabregas has been ruled out of the Carling Cup final.
In a stinging attack at his former party, Lok Sabha speaker Somnath Chatterjee on Tuesday said the CPM has reduced itself to a ``non-actor'' in national politics after withdrawing support to the Congress-led coalition describing the action as a ``big blunder''.
The CPM has reduced itself.
On Saturday, the Bulls showed their determination to win against the Wizards at the United Center.
The Bulls showed their determination to win against the Wizards.
Disney star Miley Cyrus is not taking sides as her parents proceed with their divorce after being married for 17 years, a source told People magazine Wednesday.
Disney star Miley Cyrus is not taking sides as her parents proceed.
Rep. Michele Bachmann will officially kick off her presidential campaign on Monday in her birthplace of Waterloo, Iowa.
Michele Bachmann will officially kick off her presidential campaign on Monday.
Two kids eat free with one adult meal all day today.
Two kids eat free today.
Russia has withdrawn its troops from Georgia to South Ossetia ``as planned,'' Russian Defense Minister Anatoly Serdyukov said yesterday.
Russia has withdrawn its troops from Georgia.
China has condemned the disruption of the Beijing Olympic torch relay in London and Paris by Tibet independence secessionists.
China has condemned the disruption of the relay in London and Paris.
A PENSIONER is to stand trial after being accused of performing a sex act on himself at his bedroom window in view of others on the evening of September 16.
A PENSIONER is to stand trial.
Cheney, 71, received the heart transplant at Inova Fairfax Hospital in Falls Church, Va., according to the statement from his office, which was obtained by FOX News Channel.
Cheney received the heart transplant.
Congress passed a stopgap three-month bill Thursday to keep federal highway and transit aid flowing and avoid a widespread shutdown of construction projects.
Congress passed a bill to keep highway and aid flowing.
St. Petersburg police are investigating a deadly car crash this morning.
St. Petersburg police are investigating a deadly car crash.
Web-auction giant eBay has completed its sale of online telephony player Skype to an investor group led by Silver Lake and including two of Skype's founders in a deal valuing the business at US$2.75 billion.
EBay has completed its sale of Skype.
If you want to understand how cloud storage works, though, it's helpful to stop thinking in terms of files or even data.
How cloud storage works.
Ahmedabad, February 9 Eminent lawyer Fali S Nariman on Saturday said that judicial governance in India is inevitable, as it is mandated by the Constitution and the Supreme Court has been given specific powers to do so.
Judicial governance in India is inevitable.
Moody's Investors Service put General Maritime Corp. on watch for possible downgrade a day after the crude-oil tanker company announced it would acquire seven ships for about $620 million.
Moody's Investors Service put General Maritime Corp. on watch for downgrade.
The Orioles announced today that they have reinstated LHP TROY PATTON from the restricted list.
The Orioles have reinstated LHP TROY PATTON from the restricted list.
Facebook has started charging its users up to £10 to send messages to celebrities and anyone not in their current friendship circle.
Facebook has started charging up to £ 10 to send messages to celebrities.
A Liverpool football widow has caused outrage by refusing to wear a black armband in her husband's match day absences.
A football widow has caused by refusing to wear a black armband.
A man in his 30s has been stabbed to death in the street in an attack near a bus stop in south London.
A man has been stabbed to death in the street.
Budget airline AirTran Airways said Friday it will defer the delivery of 18 Boeing 737-700 aircraft to 2013 to 2014, due to record-high fuel costs.
AirTran Airways said it will defer the delivery of 18 Boeing aircraft to 2013 to 2014.
Former Georgia tight end Orson Charles , one of the three best tight end draft prospects in this class, was arrested for DUI on Friday morning.
Orson Charles was arrested for DUI on Friday morning.
Today, Duracell announced Daylite, the first in a new line of flashlights that are durable enough to be used in the harshest of environments and compact enough to take into any space.
Duracell announced Daylite, the first in a new line of flashlights.
Former Australia pace bowler Michael Kasprowicz announced his retirement on Thursday, ending a professional career spanning nearly two decades.
Australia pace bowler Michael Kasprowicz announced his retirement.
Barcelona have handed Jordi Alba extended leave until the middle of next week, after he returned from international duty for Spain.
Barcelona have handed Jordi Alba extended leave.
A motorcyclist has been taken to hospital after he was struck by a car on Thursday morning.
A motorcyclist has been taken to hospital.
A business operator was arraigned Friday at the Central Justice Center in Santa Ana for stealing $2.7 million worth of wine from his clients' storage lockers.
A business operator was arraigned for stealing $ 2.7 million worth of wine.
A shape-shifting Twilight actor has been arrested on drug charges.
A Twilight actor has been arrested on drug charges.
Former Disney Star Lindsay Lohan was sentenced yesterday to serve 90 days in jail and then 90 days in rehab when she is released.
Lindsay Lohan was sentenced to serve in jail.
The cost of raising the next Rafael Nadal or Maria Sharapova has been estimated to be over $400,000, according to a report by Bloomberg.
The cost of raising the next Rafael Nadal has been estimated to be over $ 400,000.
Gov. Dave Freudenthal remains noncommittal about whether he will seek a third term in office.
Dave Freudenthal remains noncommittal about he will seek a third term.
Jones has passed a fitness test on his injured hand.
Jones has passed a fitness test.
January is also a good month for promotions in India, along with April, July and October, and in France, Australia, Canada, Germany, Brazil, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain and Britain.
January is a good month for promotions.
Swansea manager Brendan Rodgers has signed a new 3 1/2-year contract after leading the club to midtable in its first ever season in the Premier League.
Swansea manager Brendan Rodgers has signed a new 3 1/2 year contract after leading to midtable in its season in the Premier League.
Acergy SA today announced that its Extraordinary General Meeting of shareholders will be held on Thursday, December 18, 2008 at 11:00 am local time at the offices of Services Généraux de Gestion SA, 412F, route d'Esch, L-2086 Luxembourg.
Acergy SA today announced its Extraordinary General Meeting will be held.
BRITISH singer Amy Winehouse has been found dead at her north London flat at the age of 27, according to the London Metropolitan Police
BRITISH singer Amy Winehouse has been found dead at her north London flat.
Gallagher's goal lifts Canadiens over Lightning Brendan Gallagher broke a tie with Montreal's third goal of the third period, and the Eastern Conference-leading Canadiens rallied to beat the Tampa Bay Lightning 4-3 on Saturday night.
Gallagher's goal lifts Canadiens over Lightning Brendan Gallagher.
British drug maker GlaxoSmithKline said on Monday it will buy American dermatology business Stiefel Laboratories in a deal worth up to $3.6 billion.
GlaxoSmithKline will buy Stiefel Laboratories in a deal worth up to $ 3.6 billion.
Lonely Planet will create around 30 jobs in the UK after its part-relocation from Australia to London.
Lonely Planet will create around 30 jobs in the UK.
British Airways is keeping its customers 'appy with a new app that allows customers to save time and check-in on their smartphones.
British Airways is keeping its customers ' appy.
The South Dakota Legislature is looking for 22 college students to serve as legislative interns for the 2013 Legislative Session.
The South Dakota Legislature is looking to serve as interns.
The comments do indicate, however, a systemic problem: youth sports are in trouble.
Youth sports are in trouble.
An Upton landlord was arraigned in Milford District Court on Thursday on charges he spied on his female tenants.
An Upton landlord was arraigned on charges he spied on his tenants.
Ambrilia and Kotinos Pharmaceuticals Inc, have entered into a patent and technology purchase agreement whereby Kotinos will acquire Ambrilia's prostate cancer therapeutic PCK3145 and related assets.
Kotinos will acquire Ambrilia's prostate cancer therapeutic PCK3145 and assets.
Indus Motor Company Limited on Friday, after comprehensive assessment of impact of Japan's March 11, 2011 earthquake and tsunami on its parts supply chain, announced that IMC will operate at around 60% of its production capacity in May, 2011 with a similar outlook for June next.
IMC will operate at around 60% of its capacity.
World No.1 Caroline Wozniacki has reached the final of the New Haven Open tennis, the last US Open tune-up event, and will play qualifier Petra Cetkovska.
Caroline Wozniacki has reached the final.
British drugmaker AstraZeneca PLC said Tuesday it will start covering copays for patients on its prescription savings plan, which covers drug costs for low-income patients.
AstraZeneca PLC said it will start covering copays for patients.
Franchisors are offering discounts, waiving fees and even giving away franchises as part of an effort to lure prospective franchisees as economic conditions worsen.
Franchisors are offering, waiving fees and giving away franchises.
SHAUN Marsh and Luke Ronchi will make their international debuts in Australia's Twenty20 clash against the West Indies tonight.
SHAUN Marsh and Luke Ronchi will make their international debuts.
The ECHL announced that Mike Murray has been promoted to vice president of hockey operations.
Mike Murray has been promoted to vice president of hockey operations.
Centurion England batsman Andrew Strauss feels 400 would be a good first innings total for his team but it will have to labour hard to cross the mark as early as possible before the wicket deteriorates on the second day tomorrow.
400 would be a good first innings total.
A Port Crane man pleads guilty to manslaughter in the death of a two month old baby girl.
A Port Crane man pleads guilty to manslaughter.
Daniel Craig and Sam Mendes talk about the latest James Bond Skyfall movie and the trailer for the upcoming Bond50 blu-ray release hits.
Daniel Craig talk about the James Bond Skyfall movie for the Bond50 release.
Punjab Chief Minister, Muhammad Shahbaz Sharif has maintained that public representatives and incumbents of public offices need to be more cautious and careful than any ordinary citizen.
Public representatives and incumbents of offices need to be more cautious and careful than any ordinary citizen.
The Sharks have acquired 26-year-old left wing Ben Eager from the Atlanta Thrashers for a fifth-round pick in the NHL entry draft.
The Sharks have acquired Ben Eager from the Atlanta Thrashers.
VILLA fans will get to step in to the shoes of billionaire football club owners by splashing the cash on their favourite players in a claret and blue version of Monopoly.
VILLA fans will get to step by splashing the cash on their favourite players in a claret and blue version of Monopoly.
Alexandre Pato admits he was surprised to be overlooked for the AC Milan captaincy for their win over Chievo .
Alexandre Pato was surprised to be overlooked for the AC Milan captaincy.
easyJet, the UK's largest and best value airline, has launched a new night check-in service at Gatwick airport which enables passengers to check-in the night before departure.
EasyJet has launched a night service at Gatwick airport which enables to check.
FORMER Western Force mentor Richard Graham has officially started in his new role as Queensland Reds coach for the 2013 Super Rugby season.
Richard Graham has started in his role as Queensland Reds coach.
Dancer Camilla Dallerup has quit I'm A Celebrity ... after just a matter of days, it was announced today.
Camilla Dallerup has quit I 'm.
Leadership Coachella Valley is now accepting applications for its 2009-2010 program, a ten-month series of classes aimed at developing and motivating future community leaders.
Leadership Coachella Valley is accepting applications.
Overall taxable retail sales declined 6.3 percent during the fourth quarter of 2009 compared to the same period in 2008, but sales by retailers were unchanged.
Retail sales declined 6.3 percent.
Wildfires continued to rage on Friday night on the French island of Corsica where emergency services confronted them on several fronts.
Wildfires continued to rage on the French island of Corsica.
Authorities say federal prosecutors have reached settlement deals with three Internet poker companies, under which more than a half billion dollars will be paid to the government.
Prosecutors have reached deals with three Internet poker companies.
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on Wednesday said that the transition in Afghanistan ``must be Afghan-owned'' and ``it must be planned and implemented in a sustainable manner.''
The transition in Afghanistan must be and it must be planned and implemented in a sustainable manner.
Two Blockbuster stores in Orange County that were shut after the video rental chain declared bankruptcy last fall will reopen in early May, according to media reports.
Two Blockbuster stores in Orange County declared will reopen.
Irene is retired, boosted off the list of all future hurricane names by the World Meteorological Organization's hurricane committee because of the fatalities and damage it caused in August 2011.
Irene is retired.
Actress Anne Hathaway and US Tv producer Lorne Michaels are set to be honoured at the 2013 Costume Designers Guild Awards.
Actress Anne Hathaway are set to be honoured at the 2013 Costume Designers Guild Awards.
A tow truck clipped a pedestrian and broke her leg as she crossed a road in Rancho Penasquitos Thursday night, San Diego police said.
A tow truck clipped and broke her leg.
China and Russia signed 27 bilateral trade contracts worth $15 billion, officials said Saturday.
China and Russia signed 27 trade contracts.
House Majority Leader Eric Cantor has a message for Obama: ``Our country's not soft, Mr. President.''
Our country's not soft, Mr. President.
The Labour Government has announced that Northern Rock will increase mortgage lending by up to £14 billion over the next two years.
Northern Rock will increase lending.
UK-based Marks \u0026 Spencer, a retailer of clothing, food and home products, has announced that it will offer its online international delivery service to 73 new countries.
Marks \u0026 Spencer will offer its online delivery service to 73 new countries.
Tampa Bay Lightning's Martin St. Louis celebrates his goal during the third period of an NHL hockey game against the Carolina Hurricanes, Sunday, April 21, 2013, in Tampa, Fla. St. Louis won his second career Art Ross Trophy to become the oldest scoring champion in NHL history, while Capitals star Alex Ovechkin claimed his third Maurice ``Rocket'' Richard Trophy on Sunday.
St. Louis won his second career Art Ross Trophy.
Los Angeles fast-attack submarine USS Helena arrived at its new homeport of Naval Station Norfolk, Norfolk, Va., June 15.
USS Helena arrived at its new homeport of Naval Station Norfolk.
BMW was upped to outperform from underperform by Credit Suisse, which hiked its price target to 42 euros from 32 euros.
BMW was upped to outperform by Credit Suisse.
MPs approved their own plan for a new human rights authority yesterday, despite being told the government was already working on a similar project.
MPs approved their plan for a new rights authority.
Former Sen. Robert Mellow was ordered by the state Ethics Commission to pay $21,000 to the Commonwealth as restitution for taxpayer-financed rent on his Peckville district office that went to Brad Inc., a company he partly owned.
Robert Mellow was ordered to pay $ 21,000.
Two days after Walmart held a hiring event in Altadena for their opened a temporary hiring center on Monday at 2369 Lincoln Ave. in Altadena to facilitate applications.
Walmart held in Altadena for their opened a temporary hiring center.
n The defending World Series champion Phillies held their first full squad workout at the Carpenter Complex in Clearwater on Tuesday.
N The Phillies held their first full squad workout.
Olivia Munn has revealed that she used to cancel everything and go to watch her costars Channing Tatum and Matthew McConaughey dancing naked while shooting for new movie.
Olivia Munn used to cancel everything to watch her costars dancing naked.
Earlier, while replying to Salman Khan's dig at Guzaarish, Hrithik may have stepped a little out of line, but he did say that he hoped to get a hug from Salman when he met him.
Hrithik hoped to get a hug from Salman.
CONNACHT COACH Eric Elwood has made six changes from the side beaten by Ireland for tonight's final pre-season friendly against Saracens at the HAC ground in London.
Eric Elwood has made six changes.
An Indonesian presidential spokesman has rejected claims that child asylum seekers in the country face systemic abuse.
An Indonesian presidential spokesman has rejected claims child asylum seekers face abuse.
Bad smell shuts down Orica warehouse Updated: 23:05, Monday January 21, 2013 Chemical company Orica has temporarily shut down one of its warehouses in Sydney's southwest after several workers at the site fell ill.
Bad smell shuts down Orica warehouse fell.
A new chemical could make human teeth ``cavity proof'' -- and do away with the need for visits to the dentist.
A chemical could make teeth cavity proof.
A breakfast benefiting a Kennewick literacy program is 8 am to 1 pm Sunday at the Masonic Lodge, 601 W. 6th Ave., Kennewick.
A breakfast benefiting a literacy program is.
Gold prices are likely to touch Rs 22,000 per 10 gms by year end, as the cash-rich financial institutions like mutual funds may divert investments to bullion in view of uncertainty in the stock market, industrial body Assocham said on Sunday.
Gold prices are likely to touch Rs 22,000 per 10 gms by year end.
Nobel laureate and renowned high energy physicist Carlo Rubbia has proposed a nuclear proliferation resistant system ``Energy Amplifier '' or ``Accelerator Driven Sub-critical System ''.
Nobel laureate has proposed a nuclear proliferation resistant system.
EA and Maxis have announced Darkspore, a new RPG inspired by Spore and set for a 2011 release.
EA and Maxis have announced Darkspore.
FDA officials on Monday said that the agency will seek authority from Congress to approve generic versions of biotechnology drugs, CQ HealthBeat reports.
FDA officials said the agency will seek authority to approve generic versions of biotechnology drugs.
Binghamton, NY A home contractor pleaded guilty to taking money from customers without doing the work.
Binghamton, A contractor pleaded guilty to taking.
The Los Angeles Dodgers placed utility man Jerry Hairston on the disabled list Tuesday with a strained groin.
The Los Angeles Dodgers placed Jerry Hairston on the disabled list.
United Drug, the Dublin and London listed provider of services to healthcare manufacturers and pharmaceutical retailers, has completed a financing exercise in relation to its debt facilities.
United Drug, listed, has completed a financing exercise.
Except for 20 details out of 58 departments of the Government of Manipur, details of all other departments are missing in the official web directory of the State Government.
Details are missing in the web directory.
After climbing during the first half of the day, the Iseq fell back in afternoon trading in line with global markets, as disappointing US retail sales figures weighed on investor sentiment.
The Iseq fell back, as US retail sales figures weighed.
Kaman agreed to sign with the Dallas Mavericks for 1 year worth $8 million.
Kaman agreed to sign with the Dallas Mavericks.
Two kittens were dumped in a cardboard box without food and water in a ``cruel'' incident.
Two kittens were dumped in a cardboard box without food and water.
More than three months after turning itself into a bank, GMAC LLC is still waiting for the green light from regulators to issue debt crucial to its funding plan.
GMAC LLC is waiting to issue debt.
Hong Kong film star Jackie Chan and NBA star Yao Ming were appointed promotion ambassadors for the 2010 Shanghai World Expo on Thursday.
Jackie Chan and Yao Ming were appointed ambassadors for the 2010 Shanghai World Expo.
A 19-year-old man was shot Thursday night as he was leaving work, the Stockton Police Department reported.
A man was shot as he was leaving work.
London-based e-commerce provider eCommera has secured £1.3 million in investment from private equity firm ePlanet.
ECommera has secured £ 1.3 million.
The Royal Ballet of London will make its first visit to Cuba in July and is planning performances there that will include a tribute to the Cuban ballerina Alicia Alonso, Reuters reported.
The Royal Ballet will make and is planning performances there.
Ambassador Admiral Wasantha Karannagoda with Embassy staff and Sri Lankan community members in Japan visited two evacuation centres in Fukushima prefecture in Japan on Sunday to show solidarity with the people and Government of Japan.
Admiral Wasantha Karannagoda members in Japan visited two evacuation centres.
Two pets were rescued when a kitchen fire in an apartment in Zion caused $5,000 damage.
A kitchen fire caused $ 5,000 damage.
The exports of the country have become more diversified as focus has started shifting from textile to other products.
The exports have become more diversified.
Food prices in Australia could double over the next three years due to ever increasing demand and overall global shortages.
Food prices could double over the three years.
Malaysia and Brunei have agreed to explore new areas of co-operation to give their economies a boost.
Malaysia and Brunei have agreed to explore new areas of co-operation.
Paris Saint-Germain are closing in on David Beckham and sources in France confirm that there is much optimism that a deal can be agreed very soon.
Paris Saint-Germain are closing in on David Beckham.
A light earthquake rattled an area near a ghost town in Nevada on early Wednesday morning, seismologists said, but no damage or casualties were reported.
A light earthquake rattled an area near a ghost town in Nevada.
Mitt Romney widened his cash advantage over President Obama in July as the president's reelection campaign continued to wage a costly air assault against the Republican presidential challenger, racing through more money than it raised.
Mitt Romney widened his cash advantage over President Obama.
Hollywood star Colin Farrell is reportedly giving up his Catholic faith to convert to Judaism for his new girlfriend Emma Forest.
Colin Farrell is giving up to convert to Judaism.
Burglars ransacked a Gilbert teacher's home, took some of her belongings and left a political message behind.
Burglars ransacked a Gilbert teacher's home, and left a political message.
NEW YORK -Enrique Iglesias won't be joining Britney Spears on an upcoming tour despite her announcement that he would.
Enrique Iglesias won't be joining Britney Spears on an tour.
US Vice President Joe Biden said Thursday that China will agree to a new round of UN sanctions against Iran over its suspect nuclear activities, despite having long held out against the move.
China will agree to a new round of UN sanctions against Iran.
Singer/actress Christina Milian has joined The Voice, stepping into the role of the show's Social Media Correspondent.
Christina Milian has joined The Voice.
Jacob Zuma officially became South Africa's fourth president since democracy at 11.20pm on Saturday when he took the oath of office at the Union Buildings in Pretoria.
Jacob Zuma took the oath.
The report obtained by The Associated Press on Wednesday indicates that Annie Dookhan told police several times that she knew what she had done was wrong and that she had ``messed up bad.''
Annie Dookhan told police she knew and she had messed up bad.
Gov. Rod Blagojevich said Wednesday he is ready to tell his side of the scandal to the people of Illinois and that he would do so no later than Thursday.
Rod Blagojevich said he is ready to tell his side of the scandal.
B\u0026Q is overhauling its pricing strategy by replacing the complex promotional structure with a simple system that it claims ``removes the need for shopping around''.
B\u0026Q is overhauling its pricing strategy.
Former Pussycat Dolls star Nicole Scherzinger, who is dating racer Lewis Hamilton, likes to go out on date nights alone.
Nicole Scherzinger likes to go on date nights alone.
Mortgage loans worth 8.8 million manat were issued through the Azerbaijan Mortgage Fund, acting under the Central Bank of Azerbaijan, in January-February, the AMF said on Thursday.
Loans worth 8.8 million manat were issued, the AMF said.
Recession drove European Union greenhouse gas emissions down by a record 7.2 percent in 2009, putting the bloc ahead of schedule in making promised cuts, EU data showed on Wednesday.
Recession drove European Union greenhouse gas emissions down by a record 7.2 percent.
A 42-year-old Butler County deputy, who collapsed Monday while he was off duty, died of an apparent heart attack, coroner's officials said Tuesday.
A Butler County deputy died of an heart attack.
Neve Campbell has insisted that she is ``doing great'' in the wake of her recent divorce filing.
Neve Campbell is doing great in the wake of her divorce filing.
Punk rockers ANTI-FLAG have cancelled a European tour after frontman JUSTIN SANE broke his collar bone while stage-diving.
Rockers ANTI-FLAG have cancelled a European tour.
The local Taliban militants have formally announced indefinite ceasefire in a northern Pakistani valley after months of bloody clashes with security forces which killed hundreds of people.
The Taliban militants have formally announced indefinite ceasefire in a Pakistani valley.
The death toll from the Italian cruise ship disaster rose to 11 on Tuesday, as a shocking new audio recording between the ship's captain and the Italian Coast Guard emerged.
The death toll from the Italian cruise ship disaster rose to 11.
A Silver Alert has been issued for a Jones County man who is believed to be cognitively impaired.
A Silver Alert has been issued for a Jones County man.
A maternity unit at a Hampshire hospital has reopened following a gas leak which led to some wards being evacuated and 38 patients moved.
A maternity unit at a Hampshire hospital has reopened following a gas leak.
The German government has taken a 25% stake in Commerzbank, the country's second biggest lender, in return for an €18 billion injection of cash.
The German government has taken a 25% stake in Commerzbank.
90.7 The Capstone will host Tuscapalooza, an event devoted to experiencing the diversity of Tuscaloosa's music scene.
The Capstone will host Tuscapalooza.
The Arc of Monmouth will begin to offer free health screenings for individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities, including Down syndrome, autism and fetal alcohol spectrum disorder.
The Arc of Monmouth will begin to offer free health screenings.
APPLE has discussed investing hundreds of millions of dollars in Twitter, The New York Times reports.
APPLE has discussed investing in Twitter.
A new phylogenetic analysis of blind scorpions that live in the stygian depths of caves in Mexico has suggested that adaptation to caves is reversible, which is evidence that specialized adaptations are not evolutionary dead ends.
A analysis of blind scorpions that live in the depths of caves in Mexico has suggested adaptation is reversible.
World famous tenor Placido Domingo will be supporting the Christchurch rebuilding effort when he performs at the CBS Arena in October this year.
Placido Domingo will be supporting the Christchurch rebuilding effort.
Two motorcyclists were sent to the hospital Sunday afternoon in separate accidents.
Two motorcyclists were sent to the hospital Sunday afternoon.
Togo has lodged a legal complaint against the African Football Confederation and a rebel group behind a deadly attack on the team as it travelled to the African Nations Cup in Angola last month, legal sources said on Thursday.
Togo has lodged a legal complaint.
For the first time in three weeks, Seattle Seahawks quarterback Tarvaris Jackson took snaps from under center during the team portion of practice Friday, an important step to prove that he can play Sunday against Cincinnati at CenturyLink Field.
Seattle Seahawks quarterback Tarvaris Jackson took snaps.
A Glendale man was sentenced to more than seven years in prison today for a Ponzi scheme that bilked investors out of $14 million.
A Glendale man was sentenced for a Ponzi scheme.
A married mother of two will go onto represent Pakistan in the Miss World contest this year after being crowned Miss Pakistan World 2008.
A mother of two will go onto represent Pakistan in the Miss World contest.
The chairman of the BBC Trust, Lord Patten, has declared that he does not think newspapers should not face statutory regulation but explains why broadcasters do need regulation by Ofcom.
The chairman of the BBC Trust has declared he does not think newspapers should not face statutory regulation.
Charlie Sheen has finally been fired from his hit sitcom Two And A Half Men.
Charlie Sheen has been fired from his sitcom Two And A Half Men.
Uefa has announced it has opened disciplinary proceedings to probe crowd trouble at the Uefa Cup tie between SK Brann and Everton in Norway on 13th February.
Uefa has opened to probe crowd trouble.
'Skins' actress Hannah Murray talks about her new film 'Chatroom' and working with the acclaimed Japanese horror director Hideo Nakata.
Hannah Murray talks about her Chatroom.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has said that he would be happy to debate with Micheál Martin on the EU fiscal treaty - along with all the other party leaders.
Gerry Adams would be happy to debate with the leaders.
An assistant principal at a Fort Wayne high school was arrested on two counts of felony child seduction after the school told police he admitted to a relationship with a 17-year-old student.
An assistant principal was arrested on two counts of child seduction.
Members of the Newtown, Connecticut community are beginning the healing process after an unspeakable tragedy.
Members of the Newtown, Connecticut community are beginning the healing process.
A Bedford County inmate awaiting trial on drug charges has now been charged with solicitation to commit murder.
A Bedford County inmate has been charged with solicitation to commit murder.
Recent posts discuss why lovers might want to know more about what's going on in their limbic brains, how too much intense stimulation of the brain's primitive reward circuitry can lead to subtle mood swings and a need for more stimulation, and how dopamine fluctuations drive the Coolidge Effect I've also mentioned that there's a way to make love that helps ease dopamine extremes and promote harmony.
There's a way to make love.
Fashion-obsessed performer Lady GaGa has signed an exclusive deal with Georgio Armani, for her future outfits.
Lady GaGa has signed an deal with Georgio Armani.
Canadian postal workers began a series of rolling strikes late Thursday night after talks with the government-owned postal agency failed to yield an agreement, Bloomberg reported Friday.
Canadian postal workers began a series of rolling strikes.
John Allen, commander of the US and NATO forces in Afghanistan, said Thursday that the US will need to maintain ``significant combat power'' in Afghanistan next year.
The US will need to maintain significant combat power in Afghanistan.
``I will sign the congressional redistricting bill when it gets to my desk.
I will sign the redistricting bill.
A federal grand jury indicted a Jacksonville man Tuesday who was arrested last month in Springfield and accused of having more than 260 pounds of marijuana.
A federal grand jury indicted a Jacksonville man.
Rick Santorum won the Kansas caucuses in a rout today, and Republican presidential front-runner Mitt Romney showed strength in Wyoming, a weekend prelude to suddenly pivotal Southern showdowns in the week ahead.
Rick Santorum won the Kansas caucuses.
A man in China has been handed a one-year jail sentence for ending a college exam five minutes early.
A man has been handed a sentence for ending a college exam five minutes early.
The premiere of the series Kourtney and Khloe Take Miami, debuting on 16 August, on Sunday.
The premiere Kourtney and Khloe Take Miami.
The 2553rd Buddha Jayanti, the birth anniversary of Gautam Buddha, the apostle of peace, was observed Saturday by organizing various programmes with the message of peace and harmony among people.
The 2553rd Buddha Jayanti, was observed.
Starbucks stopped serving drinks with milk in many Chinese outlets on Friday as a crisis over poisoned dairy products that have left four babies dead and thousands of others sick spiralled.
Starbucks stopped serving with milk.
Australia's Gold Coast has won the bid to host the 2018 Commonwealth Games, which promises to be the largest international event to be held in Australia over the next decade.
Australia's Gold Coast has won the bid to host the 2018 Commonwealth Games.
Pharmaceuticals giant AstraZeneca said on Jan. 29 it will axe 7,000 more jobs by 2013, extending a cost-cutting program that has already shed about 8,000 positions since 2007.
AstraZeneca will axe 7,000 more jobs.
ESSENDON has declined to comment on whether it has met former champion James Hird to discuss the club's coaching position.
ESSENDON has declined to comment on it has met James Hird.
Not willing to rely on a congressional probe, House Speaker Andy Tobin created a special panel Monday to investigate the botched Fast and Furious program that let straw buyers purchase weapons in Arizona for Mexican gangs.
Andy Tobin created a special panel to investigate the Fast and Furious program.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates has turned his attention to controlling the weather.
Bill Gates has turned to controlling the weather.
Five Iowa businesses received new targeted small business loans, Governor Chet Culver announced this week.
Five businesses received targeted small business loans.
Kadima faction head Dalia Itzik, who previously served as Knesser speaker and acting president, announced she is quitting politics on Wednesday.
Dalia Itzik is quitting politics.
A Norfolk Southern freight train carrying sulfuric acid derailed early Sunday morning in Gilbert.
A freight train carrying sulfuric acid derailed.
A Nottingham-based GP attacked his wife and practice manager, kicking her in the jaw, head and back after blaming her for his poor trading on the Wall Street stock exchange, The Daily Telegraph reports.
A GP attacked his wife and practice manager.
Reports are that Bollywood hottie Shilpa Shetty has been roped in to host the second season of Bigg Boss.
Shilpa Shetty has been roped to host the second season of Bigg Boss.
The Barnstable County Fair opens next Saturday, July 17, at noon for an eight-day run at the county fairgrounds, 1220 Nathan Ellis Highway in East Falmouth.
The Barnstable County Fair opens Saturday, July 17.
The DuBois Junior League softball team stayed alive in the District 10 playoffs with a 3-2 win in nine innings over Warren Monday.
The DuBois Junior League softball team stayed alive.
A 20-member LCCI delegation to Italy and Spain returned home on Monday with millions of rupees business deals in hand.
A LCCI delegation returned home with millions of rupees deals.
The Indian markets started the day with gains after consolidating for the last two weeks as the Union Budget 2-13 nears.
The markets started with gains.
Zimbabwe has declared a cholera outbreak a national emergency and appealed for international aid to tackle the epidemic.
Zimbabwe has declared a cholera outbreak a national emergency.
OAKLAND, Calif. Chris Webber has returned to the Golden State Warriors and coach Don Nelson, more than 13 years after a battle between the two men led Webber to force a trade.
Chris Webber has returned to the Golden State Warriors, after a battle led Webber.
Actress Shweta Tiwari, has called it quits from reality TV show Iss Jungle se Mujhe Bachao.
Shweta Tiwari, has called it quits from Iss Jungle se Mujhe Bachao.
An 89-year-old former Nazi death camp guard arrived in Germany yesterday after being deported from the United States to face the prospect of a trial for war crimes over the killing of 29,000 Jews.
An former Nazi death camp guard arrived in Germany.
Videogame giant Electronic Arts posted a net loss for the 11th consecutive quarter on Nov. 9 and said it was cutting 1,500 jobs, or 16% of its workforce.
Electronic Arts was cutting 1,500 jobs.
AmaZulu coach Manqoba Mngqithi said he is pleased with his players' performance after they lost 1-0 to Orlando Pirates in the first 2010 Telkom Charity Cup match at Soccer City on Saturday.
Manqoba Mngqithi is pleased with his players ' performance.
US stocks rebounded from steep losses amid fears over eurozone finances and the global economic recovery.
US stocks rebounded from losses.
US weather space experts have confirmed that the Earth was hit a ``glancing blow'' by a solar storm created by a massive sun spot on Tuesday.Despite the nature of storm the experts clarified that very little damage had been done to any electrical equipment.
The Earth was hit by a solar storm.
The European Parliament adopted an urgent resolution on the situation of human rights in Iran on Thursday in Strasbourg.
The European Parliament adopted an urgent resolution on the situation in Iran.
The power supply to Kunhinga district, in the central Bié province, will be improved soon.
The power supply to Kunhinga district will be improved.
Mexico City has suspended classes at schools and universities to contain what could be a new flu strain.
Mexico City has suspended at schools.
An Ahwatukee woman found her husband dead behind a Circle K convenience store at 48th Street and Elliot Road on Sunday morning, Phoenix police said.
An woman found her husband dead behind a Circle K store.
New Jersey Assembly Majority Leader Louis Greenwald released the following statement Monday upon the death of US Sen. Frank Lautenberg: ``New Jersey has lost a passionate and dedicated public servant.
Louis Greenwald released : New Jersey has lost a passionate and dedicated public servant.
Vice Chairman of Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp. Lakshmi Narayanan sells 28,000 shares of CTSH on 12/02/2010 at an average price of $68.99 a share.
Chairman of Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp. Lakshmi Narayanan sells 28,000 shares of CTSH.
she's hooked up with actor Chris Evans, according to a US report.
She's hooked up with Chris Evans.
Australian retail sales rose 0.2% on a seasonally adjusted basis in February, the Australian Bureau of Statistics reported Tuesday.
Australian retail sales rose 0.2% in February.
A rally against the acting chairman of the State service of corrections under Government, Sheishenbek Baizakov, is being held near ``the White House'' in the capital of Kyrgyzstan.
A rally against the chairman of the State service of corrections is being held near the White House in the capital of Kyrgyzstan.
London, May 26 British comedian Russell Brand says he wants to marry fiancé Katy Perry in Las Vegas in front of an Elvis Presley impersonator.
Russell Brand wants to marry in front of an Elvis Presley impersonator.
28 February 2013 Reed Elsevier announced today the appointment of Dr Wolfhart Hauser as a member of the Supervisory Board of Reed Elsevier NV and as a non-executive director of Reed Elsevier PLC, subject to shareholder approval at the respective Annual General Meetings to be held on 24 and 25 April 2013.
28 Reed Elsevier announced the appointment of Dr Wolfhart Hauser.
Worldwide, airline profits have been hit by high fuel costs.
Airline profits have been hit by fuel costs.
Development Securities' activity has continued at a high level since the beginning of March.
Development Securities ' activity has continued at a high level.
AVX has released 'mirror' construction capacitors to lower the profile of its multi-anode low-ESR TPM tantalum capacitor range.
AVX has released mirror construction capacitors.
He said: ``It's like it is in my veins so I'm really looking forward to The Hobbit and I think it's going to be wonderful.
It's like it is in my veins I 'm looking.
``Twilight'' star Kristen Stewart has been hailed as the spine and soul of the rock chick flick ``The Runaways,'' for her portrayal as ``sullen, skinny glue-sniffer'' Joan Jett.
Star Kristen Stewart has been hailed as the spine and soul of the flick The Runaways.
A sunday league footballer knocked out a referee with a single punch for giving him a yellow card, a court heard.
A sunday league footballer knocked out a referee with a punch for giving a yellow card.
Sabah-based Focus Lumber Bhd, which aims to be listed on the main market of Bursa Malaysia Securities by the end of next month, expects to raise RM7.32 million from the exercise.
Focus Lumber Bhd expects to raise RM7.32 million.
Top professions such as medicine and law are increasingly being closed off to all but the most affluent families, according to a study released this week.
Top professions are being closed off.
Showtime Arabia has launched JimJam, a new channel committed to providing a responsible and entertaining environment for pre-school children.
Showtime Arabia has launched JimJam.
I am just wondering how all of you found Protrade?
How all found Protrade.
Auditude, a startup that enables media companies to profit from user uploads of their content, has raised $10.5 million from Redpoint Ventures and Greylock Partners.
Auditude has raised $ 10.5 million.
The X Factor 2012 finalists have been given a booze ban by show bosses ahead of the first live show.
The X Factor 2012 finalists have been given a booze ban by bosses.
This morning, Ken Griffey Jr. was traded from the Cincinnati Reds to the Chicago White Sox on the final day before the MLB trade deadline.
This morning, Ken Griffey Jr. was traded to the Chicago White Sox.
A HUSBAND who strangled his wife in his sleep walked free yesterday after a judge told him: ``You are a decent man and a devoted husband.''
A HUSBAND who strangled his wife in his sleep walked free told.
Neighbors helping neighbors, that's what took place Saturday night in Dayton.
Neighbors helping neighbors, that 's.
Rapper Jay-Z refused to throw his support behind Occupy Wall Street because he did not know what protesters were fighting for.
Jay-Z refused to throw his support behind Occupy Wall Street.
Tesoro Corp said its 96,860 barrel per day Los Angeles-area refinery in Wilmington, California, was back at planned rates on Monday afternoon following a morning interruption in its hydrogen supply.
Tesoro Corp said its refinery was back at planned rates.
A new study by The Cleveland Clinic indicates that diabetics have a higher risk of death after surgery, even if their blood glucose level is normal at the time of surgery.
Diabetics have a higher risk of death after surgery.
Minister for Industries and Production Mir Hazar Khan Bijrani on Thursday said that a total 1,579 industrial units were closed down during the last five years leaving 7,530 workers jobless.
A 1,579 industrial units were closed down during the five years.
Wiz Khalifa has praised woman of the moment, Nicki Minaj, exclusively telling MTV.co.uk that he thinks she is ``awesome.''
Wiz Khalifa thinks Nicki Minaj is awesome.
Danish luxury electronics maker Bang \u0026 Olufsen posted a slightly better-than-forecast swing back to profits for the second quarter, helped by brisk growth in its automotive business.
Bang \u0026 Olufsen posted a swing back to profits.
Legendary England batsman, Wally Hammond has been inducted in the ICC Hall of Fame.
Batsman, has been inducted in the ICC Hall of Fame.
A man was rescued Wednesday after he fell 20 feet into a hole in northwest Harris County.
A man was rescued after he fell 20 feet into a hole in northwest Harris County.
Sunderland midfielder Lee Cattermole has said that he is ready to play through the pain barrier for the remainder of the season.
Lee Cattermole is ready to play through the pain barrier.
Governor Bill Haslam on Friday appointed a special Supreme Court to hear a case from which all five Tennessee Supreme Court justices have recused themselves.
Bill Haslam appointed a special Supreme Court.
The Nagorno-Karabakh peace process is likely to enter stagnation stage, Russian political expert Andrei Areshev told Armenian News-NEWS.am.
The peace process is likely to enter stagnation stage.
Officials say that mudslides on a Guatemalan highway have killed at least 22 people.
Mudslides on a Guatemalan highway have killed at least 22 people.
China has expanded export quotas for rare earth metals, further tightening its grip on the minerals used in a number of high-tech electronics.
China has expanded export quotas for rare earth metals.
Chrysler is recalling about 1,700 small Jeeps because of faulty gas tank valves that can cause fires.
Chrysler is recalling about 1,700 Jeeps because of faulty gas tank valves.
Pakistan and Iran have agreed to install a joint surveillance system, exchange relevant information and deploy more troops on Pak-Iran border to block the crossing of terrorists and criminals.
Pakistan and Iran have agreed to install a joint surveillance system.
Former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee turned 88 on Tuesday.
Atal Bihari Vajpayee turned 88.
American rockers Tool are adding a second Auckland show to their down under tour schedule.
Tool are adding a second Auckland show.
Britain has expelled two Iranian diplomats after Tehran ordered two British diplomats to leave.
Britain has expelled two Iranian diplomats.
The second Tropical Depression of the 2013 Atlantic Season is slowly moving towards parts of southern Mexico as of Wednesday morning.
The Tropical Depression is slowly moving towards parts of Mexico.
The Demons dropped Sylvia, Jurrah, Addam Maric and Daniel Nicholson for Saturday's match against Carlton at the MCG.
The Demons dropped Sylvia, Jurrah.
A census official was arrested for allegedly soliciting bribes from youths looking for work in Roodepoort, Gauteng police said on Wednesday.
A census official was arrested.
Atletico Madrid kept pace with Barcelona at the top of La Liga with a comfortable 3-1 victory over Osasuna at the Vicente Calderon.
Atletico Madrid kept with Barcelona at the top.
The county schools are gearing up for employee cuts to help deal with a budget shortfall of $20,225,000.
The county schools are gearing up for employee cuts.
During early deals on Monday, the Swiss franc showed mixed trading against its major counterparts.
The Swiss franc showed mixed trading against its major counterparts.
Middle East group buying website Cobone.com is launching a dedicated online electronics store.
Cobone.com is launching a electronics store.
Bahrain may hold a referendum once a dialogue with opposition groups produces an agreement, HRH the Crown Prince said yesterday.
Bahrain may hold a referendum produces.
It also said it would lower the price of more than 1,000 over-the-counter drugs.
It would lower the price of more than 1,000 drugs.
Anna Hazare and his close associates were arrested today and lodged in Tihar Jail here after police foiled his plans to go on an indefinite fast, prompting strong denunciation by opposition parties and detention of thousands of his supporters across the country, reports PTI.
Anna Hazare were arrested and lodged in Tihar Jail.
Saudi Arabia and Turkey is to set up a joint refugee camp on the Turkish border for Syrians.
Saudi Arabia is to set up a joint refugee camp on the Turkish border for Syrians.
An Airman assigned to Sheppard Air Force Base, Texas, was found dead in a dormitory room March 7.
An Airman was found dead in a dormitory room.
Attorneys are pushing for a resolution to a wrongful death lawsuit filed by the widow of a slain Milo farmer.
Attorneys are pushing for a resolution to a wrongful death lawsuit.
A verdict has been reached in the trial of Dr. Conrad Murray, RadarOnline.com has learned.
A verdict has been reached in the trial of Dr. Conrad Murray.
British supermodel Kate Moss couldn't believe it when thieves broke into her car for a box of chocolates.
Kate Moss couldn't believe thieves broke.
Karl Lagerfeld has changed his iconic black suit to a blue outfit because it looks better on television.
Karl Lagerfeld has changed his iconic black suit to a blue outfit.
Etsy is retiring its Geolocator search tool that allowed shoppers to browse sellers that are located near them.
Etsy is retiring its Geolocator search tool.
Former Russian Defence Minister Pavel Grachev, who said Chechen rebels could be crushed in a few hours with a single airborne regiment -- ahead of a devastating 20-month war -- died on Sunday aged 64.
Former Russian Defence Minister Pavel Grachev died.
Pop star LADY GAGA has designed a high-tech portable printer for camera company Polaroid.
LADY GAGA has designed a printer.
Timana Tahu endured a torrid return to the NRL as opposite centre Beau Scott did all in his power to make life difficult in Parramatta's loss to St George Illawarra on Friday night.
Timana Tahu endured a torrid return.
History is unlikely to be kind to outgoing US President George W. Bush, reports Politico.
History is unlikely to be kind to George W. Bush.
A preliminary inquiry has been set for the Nick Winsor murder case.
A preliminary inquiry has been set for the murder case.
The new Tomb Raider movie is a ``very different'' origin story, its producer has revealed.
The Tomb Raider movie is a very different origin story.
Hyundai announced it will produce a 1.25-liter engine in India capable of getting 47 miles per gallon.
Hyundai will produce a engine in India.
German Julia Goerges arrived at Toronto on Friday, 5 th August for the Rogers Cup, Premier 5 tournament on the Women's Tennis Association tour held on the hard courts at the Rexall Centre in Toronto, Canada.
Julia Goerges arrived at Toronto, for the Rogers Cup.
Mozambique is set to become a coal exporter within two years, after finishing the reconstruction of a railroad to transport the fuel from the west of the country to Beira port, Mozambique's daily Noticias newspaper reported Monday, dpa reported.
Mozambique is set to become a coal exporter within two years.
Charitable giving by Americans fell by 2 percent in 2008 as the recession took root, only the second year-to-year decline in more than a half-century.
Charitable giving fell by 2 percent in 2008.
NEW Dawn Mining gold production slumped 11,6% in the last quarter to 31 December 2012 although sales surged 7,6% in the period, owing to an upward movement in the price of gold internationally.
NEW Dawn Mining gold production slumped 11,6%.
Southwest Airlines has announced an expansion of its service in Denver, Colorado, with five new nonstop flights and three new destinations, beginning on August 4, 2008.
Southwest Airlines has announced an expansion of its service in Denver.
Twilight star Taylor Lautner will team up with Transformers director Michael Bay for a new action movie.
Taylor Lautner will team up with Michael Bay.
The global crisis has cost 30 mn jobs around the world, International Monetary Fund director general Dominique Strauss-Kahn said Monday, opening a human development forum in Morocco.
The global crisis has cost 30 mn jobs.
VH1 has renewed the reality show 'Scream Queens' for a second season, Variety is reporting.
VH1 has renewed the show Scream Queens.
Felipe Massa says he was only affected ``psychologically'' by his crash during qualifying for the Canadian Grand Prix.
Felipe Massa was affected psychologically by his crash.
Neverland's 1993 JRPG hit Lufia \u0026 The Fortress of Doom looks to be heading for the Virtual Console on Nintendo Wii.
Lufia \u0026 The Fortress of Doom looks to be heading for the Virtual Console.
Secretary of Supreme Council of the Cultural Revolution said Iran ranked 20 in the world by producing 17,000 scientific articles in the year 2011.
Iran ranked 20 by producing 17,000 scientific articles.
Diane Benson announced Thursday she'll be running for lieutenant governor in next year's election.
Diane Benson announced she 'll be running for lieutenant governor.
SEVE BALLESTEROS will undergo further brain surgery today to ease swelling from a serious brain tumour, the hospital treating him said yesterday.
SEVE BALLESTEROS will undergo further surgery.
Bangkok has so far avoided major flooding but the river and most drainage canals are at full capacity.
Bangkok has avoided major flooding.
Huawei has announced the availability of its new Android-powered Vision smartphone for consumers.
Huawei has announced the availability of its new Vision smartphone.
The comedian Matt Lucas has accepted undisclosed damages from the Daily Star over articles published in the paper about his late former civil partner, Kevin McGee.
The Matt Lucas has accepted damages from the Daily Star.
Sherrie Hewson is following in the footsteps of fellow Loose Woman Denise Welch and joining the cast of Benidorm.
Sherrie Hewson is following and joining the cast of Benidorm.
The RCMP are confirming that no human remains were found on a rural property west of Edmonton in relation to the disappearance of St. Albert couple Lyle and Marie McCann.
The RCMP are confirming no human remains were found on a property west of Edmonton.
The Bank of England left interest rates at a record low of 0.5% on Thursday and said it would take two more months to complete its $110 billion quantitative easing program to fight recession.
The Bank of England left rates at a low of 0.5%.
At the present time many Americans will seek Wells Fargo refinance mortgage rates but it is important to note that there are many other options available as well.
Wells Fargo refinance mortgage rates.
Haryana is set to welcome the Queen's baton relay for the Commonwealth Games 2010.
Haryana is set to welcome the Queen's baton relay.
Osaka Securities Exchange, a Japan-based derivatives exchange, has launched its new derivatives trading system J-Gate, powered by Nasdaq OMX trading technology.
Osaka Securities Exchange has launched its new derivatives trading system J-Gate.
Random House has launched three new digital only imprints to capitalize on the new middle-market for ebooks.
Random House has launched three new digital only imprints.
The Australian stock market was trading higher on Thursday, led by resource stocks, despite a flat ending on the Wall Street overnight.
The Australian market was trading higher on Thursday, led by resource stocks.
Lebanon City Police are investigating three robberies that occurred between Monday night and early Wednesday morning.
Lebanon City Police are investigating three robberies.
The Indians said they'll release left-hander Aaron Fultz unless they can find a taker for his $1.5 million salary.
The Indians 'll release Aaron Fultz.
It turns out that Lawrence Taylor didn't even know his own Super Bowl ring was up for auction.
Lawrence Taylor didn't even know his Super Bowl ring was up for auction.
The United States is renewing its travel warning for Nigeria, three weeks after twin car bombings in the capital killed 12 people.
The United States is renewing its travel warning for Nigeria.
A five-decade rite of passage for millions of high school seniors will come to an end early Saturday when Disneyland finishes hosting its final, private Grad Nite party.
Disneyland finishes hosting its final, Grad Nite party.
An officer involved shooting by Tucson police is under investigation.Officer involved shooting in Tucson Sunday morning
An officer is involved shooting in Tucson Sunday morning.
Three environmental groups are suing the Puget Sound Regional Council, saying its ``Transportation 2040'' plan fails to fight global warming.
Three environmental groups are suing the Puget Sound Regional Council.
Tokyo, Nov 16 Stocks in Tokyo made initial gains in Tuesday morning trading but fell back due to profit taking.
Stocks in Tokyo made but fell due to profit taking.
Education Minister Nurul Islam Nahid said 1,500 more primary schools would be set up across the country to ensure education for all by 2013.
1,500 more primary schools would be set up to ensure by 2013.
A 13-year-old boy was injured when a security gun which was left leaning against the wall of bank in Pauh, near here, fell and went off.
A boy was injured when a security gun fell and went off.
Colombian authorities asked Brazil to extradite an alleged FARC guerrilla who was arrested twelve days ago in the Brazilian state of Amazonas, El Espectador reported Tuesday.
Colombian authorities asked Brazil to extradite an alleged FARC guerrilla.
Emma Roberts will star in ``Delirium,'' the FOX TV pilot based on the young adult novels about an alternate America where love is treated as a disease.
Emma Roberts will star in Delirium.
The Third Line extension, more than three kilometres of reconstruction over the past three seasons, from Great Northern Road to People's Road, officially opened Friday, says Carl Rumiel, a city design and construction engineer.
The Third Line extension, opened.
Rio Tinto has received a binding offer from Imerys to acquire its talc business for an enterprise value of USD 340 million.
Rio Tinto has received a offer to acquire its talc business.
Chinese air their cases by petitioning White House The poisoning of a college student 18 years ago recently re-emerged as a hot topic in China, but censors soon squelched the politically sensitive online discussions over whether the culprit may have eluded punishment because of Communist Party connections.
Chinese air their cases by petitioning White House.
The Purdue wrestling team improved to 9-2 in dual competition on Sunday, dominating visiting Iowa Western Community College and Southern Illinois University Edwardsville at Holloway Gymnasium.
The Purdue wrestling team improved to 9 2.
Russia will supply around 72 P-800 Yakhont anti-ship cruise missiles to Syria for mobile coastal defence systems under a deal worth $300 million, ignoring the strong opposition from the US and Israel.
Russia will supply cruise missiles to Syria.
IBM announced Monday that it was acquiring software company Sterling Commerce from AT\u0026T for $1.4 billion in cash.
IBM was acquiring software company Sterling Commerce from AT\u0026T for $ 1.4 billion.
All Blacks coach Graham Henry has gently patted away some curious criticism from England opposite Rob Andrew as verbal exchanges between the teams continue ahead of the second rugby test here on Saturday.
All Blacks coach Graham Henry has gently patted some curious criticism from England opposite Rob Andrew.
Yet, as Ben Bernanke, chairman of the Federal Reserve, outlined his ``exit strategy'', he was dragged into the stimulus debate, coruscated for supervision of systemic risk and warned that he risked feeding political turmoil.
Ben Bernanke was dragged into the stimulus debate.
An Oakland man died in a motorcycle accident in Richmond Wednesday evening, Richmond police said.
An Oakland man died in a motorcycle accident in Richmond evening.
The central bank will raise its key discount rate by 0.125 percent tomorrow, forecasted UBS yesterday.
The central bank will raise its key rate by 0.125 percent.
Mannah denies Sandow unfit Updated: 23:24, Thursday April 12, 2012 Parramatta front-rower Tim Mannah says there is nothing wrong with halfback Chris Sandow's fitness.
Mannah denies Sandow unfit Updated.
What does the New York Times have against Texas A\u0026M, a rare public university whose student body leans right?
What does the New York Times have against Texas A\u0026M.
A 25-year-old youth working as a booking clerk in a travel agency was run over by a truck in Syednagar on Saturday morning.
A youth was run over by a truck.
Vincent Tabak has been found guilty of the murder of Bristol landscape architect Joanna Yeates.
Vincent Tabak has been found guilty of the murder of Joanna Yeates.
Canadian bonds ended higher Thursday as they took direction from US Treasurys in subdued trading.
Canadian bonds ended higher.
Turmeric futures on the NCDEX and MCX counters hit upper circuit as lower supply of stock to the physical markets coupled with lower production estimates and strong buying interest kept prices on firm note.
Turmeric futures hit upper circuit.
ANZ National Bank said it will move to a single computer system in a move that is likely to renew speculation it may merge its ANZ and National Bank branch networks under a single brand, with the possible loss of hundreds of jobs.
ANZ National Bank will move to a single computer system.
Insieme, the Italian restaurant within the Michelangelo Hotel, quietly closed for lunch and dinner service in January, something we would not have noticed but for a tipster wondering if they're closed for good.
Insieme quietly closed for lunch and dinner service.
In light of recent increases in commodity prices, Senators Warner and Webb today sent the following letter to Environmental Protection Agency in support of a temporary waiver to the federal ethanol mandate.
Warner and Webb today sent the letter in support of a temporary waiver to the federal ethanol mandate.
The People's Bank of China announced on Nov 29 that it will lower its reserve requirement ratio for financial institutions by 50 bps effective from Dec 5.
The People's Bank of China will lower its reserve requirement ratio by 50 bps.
Marseille coach Didier Deschamps and FIFA president Sepp Blatter led the tributes Sunday to Robert Louis-Dreyfus, Marseille's longtime owner who died Saturday of leukemia at the age of 63.
Didier Deschamps led the tributes to Robert Louis-Dreyfus.
Ex-wife wants Dodger divorce settlement tossed Former Los Angeles Dodgers CEO Jamie McCourt isn't entitled to the more than $131 million she received in a divorce settlement because she agreed to the terms and her most recent claims aren't credible, an attorney for her ex-husband argued Wednesday in court.
Ex-wife wants Dodger divorce settlement tossed.
Exxon Mobil, the world's largest publicly traded oil company, is making a $29 billion bet that pressure to curb climate change will mean natural gas -- cleaner than coal and suddenly much easier to reach -- will become a crucial source of US power.
Exxon Mobil is making a $ 29 billion bet pressure will mean natural gas.
Kyrie Irving dominated Rajon Rondo on Tuesday night, scoring 40 points and leading the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 95-90 win over the Boston Celtics.
Kyrie Irving dominated Rajon Rondo, scoring 40 points and leading to a win over the Boston Celtics.
Mr Tan also stressed that Singaporeans must form the backbone of the country's workforce.
Singaporeans must form the backbone of the country's workforce.
He's known by many as Fergie's star signing for Manchester United, but who do Howard Webb and his mates really support?
He's known, but who do Howard Webb really support.
It is the first time Gisele has confirmed her pregnancy but the super-slim beauty has been pictured with a more rounded stomach in recent weeks.
Gisele has confirmed her pregnancy.
APC constituency 75, which comprises Bargbu and Lugbu Chiefdoms both in the Bo District, has held its most publicized convention at Sumbuya Town with the appointment of a 19 man constituency executive headed by one Tony Karza Coker from Bargbu Chiefdom.
APC constituency 75 has held its convention.
BC-Dollar-Gold,0136 US dollar slips against euro in Europe LONDON The US dollar slipped against most other major currencies Monday in European trading.
0136 US dollar slips against euro in Europe LONDON.
A former volunteer baseball coach for the Rocky Mount City baseball league is accused of taking indecent liberties with several former players.
A former volunteer baseball coach is accused of taking indecent liberties with former players.
The president, who correctly picked North Carolina to win the 2009 NCAA championship, has the Tar Heels as the team to beat in his 2012 bracket, which was unveiled Wednesday.
The president, who picked, has the Tar Heels.
Israeli forces have attacked Palestinian protesters in the occupied West Bank and al-Quds, injuring dozens of demonstrators.
Israeli forces have attacked Palestinian protesters in the West Bank and al-Quds.
San Francisco 49ers safety Dashon Goldson will play the entire 2012 National Football League season under the franchise tag after the player and the team did not sign any long-term contract until Monday July 16, 2012.
San Francisco 49ers safety Dashon Goldson will play the 2012 season under the franchise tag did not sign.
Ahmedabad, Dec 9 A man was injured in accidental discharge of a bullet from his revolver when he had come to a police station to renew his arms licence today, police said.
Ahmedabad, A man was injured in accidental discharge of a bullet.
A report from a national group says South Dakota lost 1,400 construction jobs in the past year.
South Dakota lost 1,400 construction jobs.
Tuesday, June 22, 2010 ``If you can't budget, you can't govern,'' Rep. John Spratt Jr., DS.C., proclaimed in 2006 when the House GOP leadership chose to dispense with passing a budget resolution.
If you can't budget, you can't govern.
Regis Corp. said it is exploring options to improve shareholder value as the haircut chain struggles with sluggish consumer spending.
Regis Corp. is exploring options.
Sabah has one of the richest biodiversities in the world with an area of 59 per cent covered by forests, according to the Japan International Cooperation Agency's chief representative in Malaysia, Tsutomo Nagae.
Sabah has one of the richest biodiversities.
What's with the double standards in relationships?
What's with the double standards.
On Sunday, Ukraine kicked off the natural gas shipment to Moldova, RBC news agency reports, citing press release of the Moldavian government.
Ukraine kicked off the natural gas shipment to Moldova.
The new Vietnamese government will be facing with four major challenges, including instability of the macro-economy, corruption, wealth gap between the rich and the poor, and the interest benefited by special groups, analysts said.
The new Vietnamese government will be facing with four major challenges.
Treatment to get rid of the light brown apple moth in Santa Barbara County begins next week.
Treatment to get rid of the light brown apple moth begins next week.
Barack Obama says the US needs allies in Afghanistan as nations question their roles in the war.
The US needs allies in Afghanistan.
Stocks rose and the Australian dollar fell after the Reserve Bank interest rate decision today.
Stocks rose and the Australian dollar fell.
Mike Tindall returns to the England team as captain and one of 13 changes for Saturday's match against Wales in Cardiff knowing he needs a strong performance to retain his position throughout the World Cup.
Mike Tindall returns to the England team.
UnitedHealthcare is launching an effort to help physicians in its network reduce neonatal intensive care unit admissions by sharing data highlighting the increased risk of neonatal complications for babies delivered by scheduled C-sections.
UnitedHealthcare is launching an effort to help reduce neonatal intensive care admissions.
In Joplin, live music and campus groups fill the oval at MSSU for ``Campus Craze'', as Missouri Southern State University students gear up for the upcoming semester.
Live music and campus groups fill the oval at MSSU.
It's been a long wait, but the snow is finally here, and in abundance: a metre of powder has fallen in The Alps over the last two days.
A metre of powder has fallen in The Alps.
Oil prices edged higher in Asian trade today as the dollar weakened against the euro, spurring investor demand for crude futures.
Oil prices edged as the dollar weakened.
General Dynamics, a large technology and defense company, will host a job fair Monday and Tuesday at the Renaissance Tampa Hotel International Plaza, at 4200 Jim Walter Blvd. in Tampa.
General Dynamics will host a job fair Monday.
Councils detected £185m worth of fraud in 2010/11 -- a 37% increase over the previous year but still only the 'tip of a very large iceberg', the Audit Commission warned today.
Councils detected £ 185m worth of fraud -- a increase but still only the tip of a iceberg.
Iran will build more nuclear power plants together with Russia, the president of the Islamic Republic of Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad told Russia Today.
Iran will build more nuclear power plants with Russia.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Nov. 12 /PRNewswire-USNewwire/ - Governor Edward G. Rendell tonight announced the passing of Lieutenant Governor Catherine Baker Knoll.
Edward G. Rendell tonight announced the passing of Lieutenant Governor Catherine Baker Knoll.
Hollywood legend Morgan Freeman may have fallen asleep at the wheel last night, reportedly causing the accident that landed him in hospital.
Morgan Freeman may have fallen asleep at the wheel.
US Secretary of State John Kerry is expected to visit Turkey this week as part of a trip to Western Europe and Asia to consult allies on issues including Syria's civil war, a Turkish official told Reuters on Wednesday.
US Secretary of State John Kerry is expected to visit Turkey, a Turkish official told.
A snowfall warning has ended for Metro Vancouver, after close to 5 centimetres this morning in the city and parts of the suburbs.
A snowfall warning has ended for Metro Vancouver.
New Jersey's failure to fund tobacco control programs is disappointing and will have long-term effects on the state's health and economy, said a former New Jersey health commissioner today.
New Jersey's failure to fund tobacco control programs is disappointing, said a former New Jersey health commissioner.
A Terre Haute man has been arrested following an early Friday stabbing at International Village on the city's south side.
A Terre Haute man has been arrested following an Friday stabbing.
Some insurers won't pay up to Superstorm Sandy victims, telling them the damage to their homes was caused by flooding, which is only covered under the federal flood insurance program.
Some insurers won't pay up to Superstorm Sandy victims, telling the damage.
Brit actress Helena Bonham Carter will be playing the part of children's author Enid Blyton in a series of BBC Four dramas on famous British women of the 20th Century, to be aired in the autumn.
Helena Bonham Carter will be playing the part of children's author Enid Blyton.
Alex Noren of Sweden qualified for the US Open for the second straight year, while past and present European Ryder Cup captains Colin Montgomerie and Jose Maria Olazabal failed to do so.
Alex Noren qualified for the US Open.
Dish Network on Monday submitted a $25.5 billion cash and stock bid to buy telecom giant Sprint Nextel Corp.
Dish Network submitted a $ 25.5 billion cash and bid to buy Sprint Nextel Corp..
Congressman Anthony Weiner just announced he's taking a leave of absence from Congress and has departed this morning ``to seek professional treatment to focus on becoming a better husband and healthier person.''
Anthony Weiner announced he's taking a leave of absence.
NBC anchor Brian Williams reprimanded Ann Romney for saying ``I believe in my heart that Mitt is going to save America,'' suggesting it would have been incendiary if Michelle Obama had made such a promise.
Brian Williams reprimanded Ann Romney for saying I believe Mitt is going to save America.
Shoppers jostle for New Year ''lucky bags'' on sale on the first business day of the year at a department store in Tokyo's Nihombashi district on Jan. 2.
Shoppers jostle for New Year lucky bags on sale on the day at a department store.
CH Robinson Worldwide is putting 500 new intermodal containers into its US shipping network as the freight broker seeks to add greater flexibility in shifting business between modes.
CH Robinson Worldwide is putting 500 new containers into its US network.
The Lokayukta court today ordered a comprehensive probe by Lokayukta police into a complaint against former Chief Minister BS Yeddyurappa and his son relating to alleged denotification of land in Bhadravathi.
The Lokayukta court today ordered a comprehensive probe into a complaint against BS Yeddyurappa.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov announced in Moscow on Wednesday that the underground gas storage in Banatski Dvor will be opened at the beginning of 2011.
The storage in Banatski Dvor will be opened at the beginning of 2011.
An outspoken Chinese civil rights activist who dedicated himself to chronicling the plight of other dissidents will be tried soon on a subversion charge, his lawyer said Wednesday.
An Chinese activist will be tried soon.
A mystery Santa brought some joy to Des Moines on Wednesday, handing out $100 bills to shocked strangers.
A mystery Santa brought, handing out $ 100 bills.
Right wing Tyler Kennedy will miss at least a month, and possibly six weeks, with a sprained knee.
Tyler Kennedy will miss at least a month.
A school in Groningen has found 19,000 guilders in a broom cupboard, reports Friday's Volkskrant.
A school has found 19,000 guilders in a cupboard.
Tawny ants invasion in the southeastern United States threatens to disturb the ecological balance in many areas where colonies are prevalent.
Ants invasion threatens to disturb the ecological balance.
Diane Sawyer will anchor World News from Kabul, Afghanistan Monday and Tuesday, Jan. 11 and 12, as part of ABC News' ``Where Things Stand'' series on Afghanistan.
Diane Sawyer will anchor World News from Kabul.
Corcept Therapeutics Inc. raised $7.1 million in a private placement and now has enough money for about a year.
Corcept Therapeutics Inc. raised and has enough money for about a year.
The average person in the UK will consume around 6,000 calories on Christmas day alone versus the guideline daily amount of 2,000 kcals for women and 2,500 kcals for men.
The person will consume around 6,000 calories on Christmas day.
DryShips Inc., a provider ofÂ marineÂ transportation services, has entered into agreements with a Korean shipyard to purchase 12 newbuilding tankers at a total purchase price of about $770 million, including over $3 million per vessel in extra items.
DryShips Inc. has entered into agreements with a Korean shipyard to purchase 12 tankers.
``I probably needed to add a few words after that 'it's fine with me,' and that it's fine with me that a state is using their sovereign rights to decide an issue. Obviously gay marriage is not fine with me. My stance hasn't changed,'' Perry told Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council today.
Gay marriage is not fine with me.
A woman was stabbed to death Thursday night in west suburban Broadview in an apparent road rage incident, authorities said.
A woman was stabbed to death in an road rage incident.
Two men have been charged in the weekend apartment slaying of a 22-year-old man police identified Sunday as Quentin Edward L'hirondelle.
Two men have been charged in the apartment slaying.
Twelve players of a Bosnian league football team were arrested for attacking three referees after a match played in the southern town of Posusje, national radio reported on Sunday.
Twelve players were arrested for attacking three referees.
The Commissioner of the National Commission for Persons with Disability, Fredrick Kamara has on Wednesday 1st August 2012 assured His Excellency Dr. Ernest Bai Koroma that he will work tirelessly to promote the interests of persons with disability in Sierra Leone.
Fredrick Kamara will work to promote the interests of persons with disability.
A 77-year-old Lawrence man last Saturday reported a burglary, criminal damage and felony theft.
A Lawrence man reported a burglary, and felony theft.
Police are seeking witnesses to an incident in which a motorcyclist was seriously injured on the A24 at Southwater.
A motorcyclist was seriously injured on the A24.
Walgreens had April sales of $5.98 billion, an increase of 3.8 percent from $5.76 billion for the same month in fiscal 2012.
Walgreens had April sales, an increase of 3.8 percent.
Tech giant Apple has reportedly dumped Google Maps service from its popular iOS mobile operating system, and created its own maps application for the iPhone and iPad.
Apple has dumped Google Maps service from its iOS system.
PropertyMinder introduces mobile optimized website designs for real estate professionals that allows them to lower the risk of losing mobile website traffic by catering to the tech-savvy homeseeker who expects instant information access.
PropertyMinder introduces mobile optimized website designs for real estate professionals.
Japan decided today to deport Chinese activists who landed on a disputed isle in the East China Sea.
Japan decided to deport activists.
Vancouver is the world's easiest city to live in while Harare is the toughest, a survey said Monday putting Europe and north America at the top while many African and Asian cities struggle behind.
Vancouver is the world's easiest city to live in.
Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani said on Sunday, ``We have to stand united against anti-state elements and it will be our greatest success that the nation should unite against terrorism and extremism.''
The nation should unite against terrorism.
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown is sending 350 more British troops to Afghanistan.
Gordon Brown is sending 350 more British troops to Afghanistan.
NEW ORLEANS A tornado warning has been issued in southern Mississippi as Hurricane Isaac hits Louisiana and Mississippi with high winds and drenching rains.
A tornado warning has been issued in southern Mississippi.
Michigan farmers are offering free groceries for an entire year-- just for checking out their websites to see how their farms operate.
Michigan farmers are offering free groceries.
The Hornell football Red Raiders, fresh off of their second straight NYS Class B title, have scheduled their annual year-end banquet for Dec. 19.
The Hornell football Red Raiders have scheduled their annual banquet.
The Canadian dollar pushed higher against a broadly weaker US dollar on Monday, boosted by robust commodity prices, while domestic bond prices ended lower.
The Canadian dollar pushed higher, boosted by commodity prices.
China Mobile Ltd., the world's biggest wireless carrier by users, unexpectedly said it will boost capital spending this year to meet rising demand for data services from users downloading video and music on their phones.
China Mobile Ltd. unexpectedly said it will boost capital spending this year.
Harry Potter star Emma Watson has posed topless for a new book celebrating the beauty of nature.
Emma Watson has posed topless.
The United States may need to insure wholesale deposits to ease the credit crisis and restore confidence because the collapse of Lehman Brothers has damaged trust among institutional investors, Barclays said on Thursday.
The United States may need to insure wholesale deposits.
Carmaker Volkswagen has unveiled plug-in hybrid XL1 that will be produced at its Osnabruck production facility in Germany.
Volkswagen has unveiled plug in hybrid XL1.
SS Music , South India's favorite music channel , has announced the launch of 'Room with the View' an exclusive show hosted by VJ Shyam with 'movie' as the theme.
SS Music has announced the launch of Room.
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon is starting an official visit to Russia on Wednesday to hold talks with the Russian leadership and attend a Middle East Quartet meeting.
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon is starting an official visit to Russia.
A historic Muslim cemetery in Jerusalem was vandalized in an apparent ``price tag'' attack.
A Muslim cemetery in Jerusalem was vandalized.
Huguette Clark, a 104-year-old recluse and heiress to a copper mining fortune, died Tuesday at a New York hospital, a spokesman for her lawyer confirmed to FoxNews.com.
Huguette Clark, a recluse, died.
A Huntsville police officer has been seriously injured in a wreck at South Memorial Parkway and Lily Flagg Road, The Times' news partner, WHNT News 19 reports.
A Huntsville officer has been seriously injured in a wreck.
You have no doubt heard the phase that experienced traders use which is that losses ``are the cost of doing business.''
Losses are the cost of doing business.
A suicide attack flattened a police building in Pakistan's city of Lahore yesterday, killing 24 people in a bomb that the government branded revenge for an offensive against the Taliban.
A suicide attack flattened a police building, killing 24 people.
Several German lawyers contacted by Florian Mueller of FOSS Patent have insinuated that Apple could get a temporary suspension of the German Motorola injunction.
Apple could get a temporary suspension of the German Motorola injunction.
Chennai , Feb 12 Neyveli Lignite Corporation said it plans to increase its power production capacity to 10,000 MW by 2017, from its present 3,000 MW at present.
Neyveli Lignite Corporation plans to increase its power production capacity.
Giuliana Rancic revealed today that she has breast cancer, after doctors discovered a tumor during her latest round of in-vitro fertilization.
Giuliana Rancic has breast cancer.
A gunman and a male accomplice robbed a Lake Murray convenience store early Monday but no one was hurt, police said.
A gunman robbed a Lake Murray store.
A 12-year-old Thai boy jumped to his death from the sixth floor of his school after being banned from playing computer games by his policeman father, media reports said on Friday.
A boy jumped to his death.
Davos, Jan 23 Indian telecom czar Sunil Bharti Mittal today said that Bharti group wants to expand presence in Africa, which has high growth potential and needs huge investments for infrastructure development.
Bharti group wants to expand in Africa.
The wind disrupted racing at Kieler Woche again on the third day of the ISAF Sailing World Cup.
The wind disrupted racing at Kieler Woche again.
For the first time ever, the University of Central Florida is celebrating LGBT History Month with a series of events and programs to raise awareness about LGBT and ally history, culture and current events.
The University of Central Florida is celebrating LGBT History Month.
NCR issued an update on its FY13 earnings guidance on Tuesday morning.
NCR issued on its FY13 earnings guidance.
A Guyton man has been arrested tonight on enticing and solicitation charges of a child.
A Guyton man has been arrested on enticing and solicitation charges.
``That driver is extremely lucky to be alive,'' said Hillsboro Fire spokesman Storm Smith at the scene Thursday.
That driver is extremely lucky to be alive.
Though its portion of President Barack Obama's fiscal 2013 defense budget request required tough decisions made necessary by looming spending reductions, the Army will remain a superior fighting force, senior Army officials said here Feb. 13.
The Army will remain a superior fighting force, officials said.
Washington Governor Chris Gregoire has approved a wind energy project for the north side of the Columbia River Gorge, but it may be too little too late.
Chris Gregoire has approved a wind project.
Luxco, a St. Louis-based producer, importer and marketer of alcoholic beverages, has agreed to buy several brands and related inventory from Beam Inc., a Deerfield, Ill.-based liquor company for $65 million.
Luxco, has agreed to buy several brands from Beam Inc. for $ 65 million.
French rock legend Johnny Hallyday had a botched operation in France and is now in a medically induced coma in a Los Angeles hospital as he recovers from surgery to fix the damage, his producer said.
Rock legend Johnny Hallyday had in France and is in a induced coma in a hospital.
Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi today filed his nomination papers from Maninagar constituency in Ahmedabad for the Assembly elections.
Narendra Modi today filed his nomination papers from Maninagar constituency.
Under Philippine law, disputes covered by collective bargaining agreements are settled by voluntary, not compulsory, arbitration.
Disputes covered by collective bargaining agreements are settled by voluntary arbitration.
Dhaka, Mar 3 Bangladesh is to rename and reorginise the paramilitary force, Bangladesh Rifles, to give it a new look and reorientation apparently to wash away the stigma of the last week's bloody in which most of its officer cadre were killed by the men.
Bangladesh is to rename and reorginise the force, Bangladesh Rifles.
Antonis set to miss Newcastle match Updated: 16:01, Monday October 8, 2012 Sydney FC youngster Terry Antonis is expected to miss the Sky Blues' first home game of the A-League season against Newcastle on Saturday due to a concussion suffered against Wellington.
Antonis set to miss Newcastle match 16:01.
Palestinian prime minister Salam Fayyad was hospitalized after suffering heart trouble during a private visit to the United States, his office said Monday.
Palestinian minister Salam Fayyad was hospitalized.
SHARES in Westpac suffered the sharpest drop among Australian banking stocks yesterday, amid worries over its $17 billion offer for St George Bank.
SHARES in Westpac suffered, amid worries over its offer for St George Bank.
Jawbone, the maker of wireless audio and fitness-tracking devices, is buying BodyMedia Inc. for $110 million, according to people with knowledge of the deal's price.
Jawbone is buying BodyMedia Inc..
State Rep. Joe Kiser, a Lincoln County Republican and former sheriff, said Wednesday he will not run for re-election to the NC House of Representatives.
Joe Kiser said he will not run for re-election.
Two Buffalo men have been charged with attempted murder for shooting a pregnant woman at close range Sunday on the city's East Side, reportedly as a way to advance in a gang, The Buffalo News learned today.
Two men have been charged for shooting a pregnant woman.
A Clearwater firefighter hit by a vehicle on the side of an interstate on Jan. 26 will be released from the hospital Tuesday.
A Clearwater firefighter will be released from the hospital.
A Boardman man was killed in a Perry Township crash involving a tractor trailer Wednesday afternoon.
A Boardman man was killed in a Perry Township crash.
University of Pretoria skipper Tebogo Monyai says his side are fired up and ready to face log leaders Kaizer Chiefs on Saturday at Soccer City.
University of Pretoria skipper Tebogo Monyai says his side are fired up and ready to face leaders Kaizer Chiefs.
University of North Carolina senior forward Tyler Hansbrough, the 2008 national college basketball player of the year, has a stress reaction condition in his right shin and will sit out practice indefinitely, head coach Roy Williams announced Thursday evening.According to the Associate Director of Athletics for Communications University of North Carolina Steve Kirschner, Hansbrough did not practice Thursday, but had an MRI that revealed the stress reaction.
Tyler Hansbrough has and will sit out indefinitely.
Social game developer Digital Chocolate has filed suit against Zynga for trademark infringement and unfair competition regarding the Mafia Wars mark.
Digital Chocolate has filed suit against Zynga.
The US trade deficit with the rest of the world widened to $53.1bn in June, as exports fell faster than imports, official figures have shown.
The US trade deficit widened to $ 53.1bn, as exports fell.
East Asian countries are looking at a new growth model as demand for goods from traditional markets in developed countries are shrinking, Datuk Seri Najib Tun Razak said.
East Asian countries are looking at a new growth model.
US stocks opened higher Monday, led by the material and energy sectors following the report of a small increase in personal spending and benign inflation.
US stocks opened higher, led by the material and energy sectors.
BAGHDAD Police say a roadside bomb killed an Iraqi soldier and wounded seven other people in central Baghdad.
BAGHDAD Police say a roadside bomb killed an Iraqi soldier.
Authorities say a dog scratching on a door led a neighbor to find the body of a 72-year-old woman in a retention pond of a Fort Wayne subdivision.
A dog led a neighbor to find the body.
To promote its home building program, Mesa del Sol has introduced a new website and progress video in preparation for the start this November of phase one of its home construction.
Mesa del Sol has introduced a website and video.
MF Global, a trading and brokerage firm, said on Monday that it had hired James F. O'Sullivan, formerly of UBS, to be the firm's first chief economist.
MF Global had hired to be the firm's chief economist.
Dubai crude timespreads fell to their level lowest in almost two weeks as refinery margins slid.
Dubai timespreads fell lowest in almost two weeks.
Food Lion announced Thursday that it is closing 113 stores nationwide, including stores in Gainesville and Jefferson.
Food Lion is closing, including stores in Gainesville and Jefferson.
Kim Cattrall is to be honored in Canada with one of the country's highest accolades.
Kim Cattrall is to be honored in Canada.
BioScrip, Inc. today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire HomeChoice Partners, Inc., a leading provider of alternate-site infusion pharmacy services, for $70.0 million in cash.
BioScrip Inc. has entered into a agreement to acquire HomeChoice Partners, Inc..
The Coast Guard is searching for a missing swimmer in the Nassau Sound near Bird Island.
The Coast Guard is searching for a swimmer.
COUNCIL tax bills will rise by two per cent in St Helens after Labour councillors voted through an increase in the face of £8million of cuts to the local authority budget.
COUNCIL tax bills will rise by two per cent.
LAS VEGAS A broken OJ Simpson has been sentenced to at least 15 years in prison for a Las Vegas hotel armed robbery by a judge who rejected his apology and said, ``It was much more than stupidity.''
OJ Simpson has been sentenced to at least 15 years.
A hacker attack Thursday shut down the fast-growing messaging service Twitter, and Facebook also said it was looking into possible site problems.
A hacker attack shut down the service Twitter.
Riverside voters resoundingly rejected a proposed tax increase Tuesday despite warnings from the village board that the village was facing a financial crisis and threats that recreation, police and fire services would be cut.
Riverside voters rejected a tax increase.
Barack Obama has formally launched his re-election campaign for president of the United States with a low-key video in which he does not even appear.
Barack Obama has launched his re-election campaign.
A man was injured early this morning when he was hit by an MBTA bus near Copley Place in the Back Bay.
He was hit by an MBTA bus in the Back Bay.
Bob Feller, whose pitching prowess with the Cleveland Indians led him to baseball's Hall of Fame, has been diagnosed with leukemia, the team says.
Bob Feller has been diagnosed with leukemia.
TURCK has launched its PT4500 and PT4510 submersible pressure transmitters for detecting the level of water or other media with similar density in challenging industrial environments.
TURCK has launched its PT4500 and PT4510 submersible pressure transmitters.
Whistle-blowing organization WikiLeaks has set up a private limited company in Iceland for administrative purposes, a spokesman said Saturday, as part of a move to restructure its global operations.
WikiLeaks has set up a limited company in Iceland.
villages, Union Rural Development Minister Jairam Ramesh on Sunday said the Maoist menace can be fought with rural development.
The Maoist menace can be fought with rural development.
With proven retro credentials, she's turned her hand to fashion once more with designs for Wheels \u0026 Dollbaby.
She's turned with designs for Wheels \u0026 Dollbaby.
Congressman Rob Wittman, R-1st District, held two senior advisory council meetings Monday to provide a forum for seniors to discuss the issues that are important to them.
Rob Wittman held two senior meetings.
An MP hopeful has resigned after being arrested in connection with a hate campaign against Liberal Democrat councillors.
An MP has resigned after being arrested.
US Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs, Richard Boucher on Monday said that Mumbai attacks have links to Pakistan or it leads to Pakistan soil.
Mumbai attacks have links to Pakistan.
The first issue of monthly educational magazine 'Schoolmate' was released by minister for education Nyeiwang Konyak at Kohima on March 22.
The issue of educational magazine Schoolmate was released.
A learner driver was killed after a head-on crash during a driving lesson, police said today.
A learner driver was killed after a head - on crash.
In an effort to provide greater impetus to its commercial ties with Indonesia, India will open a consulate at Bali.
India will open a consulate at Bali.
Jammu, Feb 19 The ruling National Conference will take on the 'anti-peace' forces in Jammu and Kashmir and push for a result-oriented India-Pakistan dialogue while simultaneously seeking an end to the era of confusion on Kashmir, a top committee of the party resolved Saturday.
Jammu, Feb 19 The National Conference will take on the anti-peace forces.
A Facebook Kate Middleton account has been deleted... only it's not the Prince William bride-to-be Kate Middleton, it's a real life Boston Kate Middleton!
A Facebook Kate Middleton account has been deleted.
In an effort to counteract the negative messages that much of today's music sends to kids, LIFT is hosting a series of concerts at Nimitz Middle School in Huntington Park on May 16th, 2008.
LIFT is hosting a series of concerts at Nimitz Middle School.
The Oxford Eagle reports that the Oxploratorium will be decommissioned for one year and rebuilt at Della Davidson Elementary School in the 2014-15 school year.
The Oxploratorium will be decommissioned and rebuilt at Della Davidson Elementary School in the 2014 school year.
Bloochip has recently developed a web-based content management system.
Bloochip has developed a content management system.
Morgan Stanley downgraded Credit Suisse and cut its share-price target on five European wholesale banks.
Morgan Stanley downgraded Credit Suisse.
Russia is against closer cooperation between Ukraine and NATO , fearing it may lose its grip on Ukraine , Lithuania permanent representative in NATO Linas Linkyavichus said, addressing a roundtable in Lviv Franko University May 19, according to ZIK.
Russia is, fearing it may lose its grip on Ukraine, Lithuania permanent representative in NATO Linas Linkyavichus.
Nippon Steel Corporation and Kobe Steel, Ltd. announce that their steel mill dust recycling plant began commercial operation on October 1.
Nippon Steel Corporation and Kobe Steel,, Ltd. announce their mill dust recycling plant began operation.
Fiserv, Inc., a leading provider of information technology services to the financial and insurance industries, announced that for the third year in a row it has been named to the prestigious Fortune 500 ranking of the top American companies by Fortune magazine.
Fiserv Inc. has been named to the prestigious ranking.
Around 7pm Tuesday night it w announced, a $2.26 billion dollar MTA deal was reached.
A MTA deal was reached.
Four more actors are set to leave Hollyoaks, including John Pickard and Ashley Slanina Davies.
Four more actors are set to leave Hollyoaks.
Eastman Kodak Co. says it will buy back up to $1 billion of its shares, partially funded by a large tax refund.
Eastman Kodak Co. will buy up to $ 1 billion of its shares.
The Nigerian Navy has launched a website, www.cot.navy.mil.ng, on crude oil theft and pipeline vandalism to monitor exploration and movement of petroleum products in and out of the country.
The Nigerian Navy has launched a website on crude oil theft.
Turkish fighter jets attacked rebels from the Kurdish Workers Party Wednesday in northern Iraq in retaliation for an apparent ambush earlier in the day that killed at least eight Turkish soldiers, the semi-official Anatolian News Agency reported.
Turkish fighter jets attacked rebels in northern Iraq.
Coach Ken Whisenhunt said NT Gabe Watson would likely push for playing time against the Bills after missing four games with a knee injury.
Gabe Watson would push for playing time.
The Cuesta softball team opened its busy week with a 4-0 home loss to Oxnard on Tuesday.
The Cuesta softball team opened its busy week with a 4 0 loss.
Black Eyed Peas frontman Will.I.Am says she doesn't consider himself a celebrity.
Will.I.Am doesn't consider himself a celebrity.
Washington, Sept 1 End of combat mission in Iraq is a proud moment for America, Congressmen said after the US President Barack Obama in a prime time address made a formal announcement in this regard.
Washington, End of combat mission is a proud moment.
Technology consultant Microdesk has closed its Bedford office and relocated all the employees to the corporate headquarters in Nashua.
Microdesk has closed its office.
Hundreds of tributes for the slain Bandidos bikie are being posted on the gang's website, with one capturing the mood of the group after the ambush attack by saying: ``God forgives, Bandidos don't.''
God forgives, Bandidos don't.
Earth, Wind \u0026 Fire plays the Tuscaloosa Amphitheater Sunday, Father's Day, starting at 7:30 pm, with doors opening at 6:30.
Earth,, Wind \u0026 Fire plays the Tuscaloosa Amphitheater Sunday.
The 5-year-old grandson of a Metro employee, was accidentally shot in the hand after picking up a gun at his grandfather's home near Rainbow and US 95 Monday night.
The grandson of a Metro employee, was accidentally shot in the hand.
To the surprise of few within the organization, Eagles coach Andy Reid returned to the team one day after his son's funeral to lead the team's 11 am ET walkthrough and light workout on Wednesday.
Eagles coach Andy Reid returned one day after his son's funeral.
Hewlett-Packard announced Wednesday that it will buy struggling mobile-phone maker Palm for $1.2 billion in a deal that could make HP a new force in the red-hot smartphone market, already heavily contested by Apple, Google and other companies.
It will buy struggling mobile-phone maker Palm for $ 1.2 billion.
A positive Mark Webber has called for patience after falling further behing Fernando Alonso.
A positive Mark Webber has called for patience.
Pillay said yesterday that human rights ``went viral'' in 2011 thanks to the exponential growth of social media on the Internet.
Human rights went viral in 2011 thanks to the growth of social media.
The syndicates had press for clear and consecutive priorities in the budget during the meeting of National Movement for Stability and Prosper /NMSP/meeting, FOCUS News Agency reporter informed.
The syndicates had press for clear and consecutive priorities in the budget.
A private funeral was being held Friday for legendary Apple co-founder Steve Jobs, according to an unconfirmed report in the Wall Street Journal.
A private funeral was being held for Steve Jobs.
``We are pleased to announce that we have matched the offer sheet for Eric Gordon.
We have matched the offer sheet for Eric Gordon.
Hearts manager Jim Jefferies admits he was wrong to abuse assistant referee Francis Andrews against Celtic.
Jim Jefferies admits he was wrong.
A person has been hit by a train at Saltaire, according to operators Northern Rail.
A person has been hit by a train at Saltaire.
Texans coach Gary Kubiak has been preaching consistency, and his team has finally started to deliver it.
Texans coach Gary Kubiak has been preaching consistency.
Alberta Premier Alison Redford is dropping more hints about a tough budget, but no hard facts on where the axe might fall.
Alberta Premier Alison Redford is dropping.
Edward Woodward, star of The Wicker Man, Callan, Hot Fuzz and classic TV show, The Equalizer, has died at the age of 79.
Edward Woodward, star has died.
India beat England by five wickets in the third ODI at Mohali on Thursday to clinch the series.
India beat England by five wickets to clinch the series.
Whole Foods Market Inc. will open a 30,000-square-foot flagship store in Tarzana next week.
Whole Foods Market Inc. will open a store in Tarzana.
West Indies mopped up the Sri Lankan tail to dismiss the tourists for 278 on the second day of the second test.
West Indies mopped up the Sri Lankan tail.
Yahoo unveiled a new search tool that its claims will offer users a better way to search the Internet on their iPhone or iPad or on a desktop browser.
Yahoo unveiled a new search tool.
As the sun set over the Mullins Center on Sunday night, crowds of Phish fans reveled on ``Shakedown Street,'' a large stretch of parking lot lined with vendors, to enjoy the last concert of Phish's two-night run in Amherst this weekend.
Crowds of fans reveled on Shakedown Street.
Emkay recommended a BUY on Thermax with a 18 months target price of Rs 954.
Emkay recommended a BUY on Thermax.
A PURITON skittles team is celebrating its 65th year by releasing a booklet on the history of the sport in aid of charity.
A PURITON skittles team is celebrating its 65th year.
Lan Airlines, Latin America's biggest air carrier by market value, is ``window shopping'' for mergers and acquisitions as its Latin American passenger traffic recovers, Chief Operating Officer Ignacio Cueto said.
Lan Airlines is window shopping for mergers and acquisitions.
Rock star Lenny Kravitz is touring the UK as part of his Let Love Rule celebrations.
Lenny Kravitz is touring the UK.
Currie, who is 26, joined the Accies after spending the last few weeks training with the first division outfit.
Currie joined the Accies.
Espanyol and Real Valladolid share the points after playing out a goalless draw in their La Liga clash this afternoon.
Espanyol and Real Valladolid share the points.
Christian Bale fought with his mother in London's Dorchester Hotel after she insulted his wife, it was alleged today.
Christian Bale fought with his mother after she insulted his wife, it was alleged.
The European Union failed on Thursday to blacklist Hezbollah as a terrorist group in fear that such a move would lead to instability in Lebanon and the Middle East.
The European Union failed to blacklist Hezbollah as a terrorist group.
Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson revealed that Wayne Rooney had apologised for diving in an effort to win a penalty in last night's 0-0 Champions League draw with Villarreal.
Wayne Rooney had apologised for diving.
A Prince George's County man was sentenced on Friday to 110 years in prison for killing his mother and step brother in August 2011.
A Prince George's County man was sentenced for killing his mother and step brother.
New Delhi, Feb 10 After days of dry weather, Delhi Tuesday received scanty rainfall accompanied by cool winds.
New Delhi received scanty rainfall.
Sex enhancement pills from China are reportedly being sold in some Manila drug stores.The pills were discovered during a raid by Food and Drug Authority officials on Chinese drug stores in the city on Friday.
Sex pills from China are being sold in some Manila pills.
It has been reported that British couple Daniel Craig and Rachel Weisz have married.
Daniel Craig and Rachel Weisz have married.
Lydia Bushfield's 1940s musical revue, I'll Be Seeing You, opens the 2011 season at Chaffin's Barn Dinner Theatre this week, running January 6 through February 5.
Lydia Bushfield's 1940s revue, I 'll Be Seeing, opens the 2011 season at Chaffin's Barn Dinner Theatre.
A leopard killed a 13-year-old girl in Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir Wednesday, triggering fear among residents.
A leopard killed a girl in district of Jammu and Kashmir.
Seagate announced its new line of FreeAgent external hard drives today.
Seagate announced its new line of FreeAgent drives.
JULIA Gillard has ducked committing the government to returning the budget to surplus this financial year.
JULIA Gillard has ducked committing the government to returning to surplus.
A Richfield Springs sex offender faces two felony charges after authorities said he illegally had a Facebook account and an e-mail address.
A Richfield Springs sex offender faces two charges.
Crimson Exploration Inc. will present at the IPAA 2011 Oil \u0026 Gas Investment Symposium at the Sheraton New York Hotel \u0026 Towers located at 811 Seventh Avenue at 53rd Street, New York, NY 10019 on Monday, April 11, 2011 at 3:20 PM ET. An audio webcast of the presentation can be accessed at http://www.corporate-ir.net/ireye/conflobby.zhtml?ticker=CXPO\u0026item_id=3848705 or by visiting the Company's website at http://crimsonexploration.com.
Crimson Exploration Inc. will present at the IPAA 2011 Oil \u0026 Gas Investment Symposium can be accessed.
LeeCorp Homes of Estero, a manufactured housing dealership, recently opened a new branch office in North Port at 12695 Tamiami Trail S., in the Springs Plaza.
LeeCorp Homes opened a office in North Port.
The Columbia volleyball team will look to win its fourth straight match as the Lions open Ivy League action vs. Cornell at Levien Gymnasium on Saturday at 2 pm
The volleyball team will look to win its fourth straight match as the Lions open Ivy League action vs. Cornell on Saturday.
Oslo shares closed down heavily on the back of a European equity selloff and despite a higher oil price, led by StatoilHydro which suffered investor disappointment over figures it gave to a capital markets day and other heavweights including shipbuilder Aker Yards which dropped more than 9 pct.
Oslo shares closed heavily and despite a price, led by StatoilHydro.
Staff at the National Blood Service in Colindale and Edgware are ready to take industrial action to defend their jobs and to stop the fragmentation of clinical services.
Staff at the National Blood Service in Colindale and Edgware are ready to take industrial action.
NATO has begun deploying Patriot missiles in Turkey in a bid to protect the country from the threat of war from neighbouring Syria, according to the US military's European Command.
NATO has begun deploying Patriot missiles in Turkey.
ThyssenKrupp said it is freezing all new business with Iran with immediate effect and will terminate existing contracts there as soon as possible in response to ever-harsher sanctions on the Islamic republic.
ThyssenKrupp is freezing all new business with Iran.
Pakistani Taliban leader Baitullah Mehsud is a ``terrible man'' who is a ``great danger'' to Pakistan and Afghanistan but doesn't have the resources to attack the American homeland, a top US diplomat said Wednesday.
Baitullah Mehsud is a man who is a great danger to Pakistan.
Evangelist Billy Graham has celebrated his 90th birthday with family and personal staff at a private barbeque near his mountain home outside Asheville, NC, attended by all five of his children, most of his 19 grandchildren and many of his great grandchildren.
Billy Graham has celebrated his 90th birthday.
Donald E. Westlake, a prolific, award-winning mystery novelist who pounded out more than 100 books and five screenplays on manual typewriters during a career of nearly 50 years, died on Wednesday night.
Donald E. Westlake a mystery novelist, died.
Bethlehem will be the first Lehigh Valley town to install marked bicycle paths on roads, officials announced today.
Bethlehem will be the town to install marked bicycle paths.
Mickael Pietrus still wants out of Golden State, and the Warriors still don't want to trade him.
Mickael Pietrus wants, and the Warriors still don't want.
In one of the biggest drug busts in years, Argentine police have seized 1.2 tons of cocaine destined for Spain, police officials say.
Argentine police have seized 1.2 tons of cocaine.
Numerix, a leading provider of cross-asset analytics for derivatives valuations and risk management, has opened its new Vancouver office and begun hiring of new inside sales, quantitative development, and business analyst team members there.
Numerix has opened its Vancouver office.
Former porn star Jenna Jameson, 38, was recently arrested for driving under the influence, and running into a light pole in Southern Calif. Now, she is endorsing Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney.
Jenna Jameson was arrested for driving she is endorsing Mitt Romney.
Share prices on Bursa Malaysia closed lower Tuesday with the key index declining 0.11 percent, led by selling on property and plantation related stocks as sentiment was weighed down by sharp fall on the Wall Street overnight.
Share prices closed lower.
Italy will delay the trial of 25 CIA agents and a US air force colonel involved in the 2003 kidnapping of an Egyptian cleric in Milan.
Italy will delay the trial of 25 CIA agents.
Now the hardworking 32-year-old farmer and fisherman views life in a more realistic approach and says that life is too short to waste.
Life is too short to waste.
AT Wall Company, a world-class supplier of superior precision tubing and fabricated metal components, announces that it provides flexible waveguide and waveguide components to the international market.
AT Wall Company announces it provides flexible waveguide components to the international market.
The unemployment rate in the UK fell to 7.7% over the three months to November 2012 according to Office for National Statistics figures published today.
The unemployment rate fell to 7.7%.
A rumour has emerged claiming that former The X Factor winner Alexandra Burke and Entourage actor Jeremy Piven are dating.
Alexandra Burke and Jeremy Piven are dating.
Comments The price of oil fell below US$95 a barrel Wednesday, parting ways with rising stock markets, as ample supplies keep buying appetite in check.
Comments The price of oil fell $ 95 as ample supplies keep.
Tia Mowry-Hardrict celebrated the upcoming birth of her nephew by throwing her twin sister, Tamera Mowry-Housley, a baby shower over the weekend.
Tia Mowry-Hardrict celebrated by throwing her sister, Tamera Mowry-Housley, a baby shower.
The body of a labourer who went missing after the boat he was in overturned last week was found, Tuesday.
The body of a labourer was found.
Tesla Motors, a manufacturer of electric vehicles and EV powertrain components, has opened its new showroom in Washington, DC.
Tesla Motors has opened its new showroom in Washington.
Sheriff's deputies shot and wounded a woman who pointed a gun at them in Aztec last night.
Sheriff's deputies shot a woman who pointed in Aztec.
Jacques Rudolph has insisted he has ``no regrets'' over swapping his South Africa career for one with Yorkshire.
Jacques Rudolph has no regrets.
The Force extended their winning streak over the Lions to five consecutive matches when they beat the Lions 17-11 in Perth on Saturday.
The Force extended their winning streak they beat the Lions.
Tokyo stocks have closed mixed amid lacklustre trading due to absence of any trigger affecting market sentiment.
Tokyo stocks have closed mixed.
Cooper Tire \u0026 Rubber Company will announce first quarter 2013 financial results before market open Thursday, May 9.
Cooper Tire \u0026 Rubber Company will announce first quarter 2013 results.
I have several favorite people-watching perches in Sherman Oaks, and I'd like to hear yours.
I have people - watching perches in Sherman Oaks.
A German cruise ship plans to evacuate passengers in Yemen and fly them to the next port of call Wednesday to avoid any possible encounters with pirates off the coast of lawless Somalia.
A German cruise ship plans to evacuate passengers.
A major US sporting goods retailer turned to TradeCard to clean up \u0026 streamline sourcing transactions and create a paperless process.
A sporting goods retailer turned to clean up \u0026 streamline sourcing transactions.
Ceradyne Inc. has received a $77 million delivery order for ceramic body armor plates that will be shipped to the US military later this year.
Ceradyne Inc. has received a $ 77 million order.
Toshiba has launched its new 'Thinking LED' range of TV sets for the Indian market.
Toshiba has launched its Thinking LED range of TV sets.
A former Napa County teacher was arrested in Monterey Thursday on suspicion of child molestation.
A former Napa County teacher was arrested on suspicion of child molestation.
US President Barack Obama pressed the case for health care reform at a town-hall style meeting with common citizens Wednesday.
Barack Obama pressed the case for health care reform.
Niuean Premier Toke Talagi says Fiji is not the only issue on the agenda of the Pacific Islands Forum meeting next week.
Fiji is not the only issue on the agenda.
Top US and Chinese officials are preparing for the upcoming state visit of China's leader to the United States as they try to forge a common approach to global challenges, including Iran and North Korea's nuclear programs, trade imbalances and climate change.
US and Chinese officials are preparing for the visit of China's leader.
Accenture Plc said Shell has recently completed the transition of HR and payroll application management services to Accenture.
Shell has completed the transition of HR and payroll application management services to Accenture.
An independent police manpower review that was released Monday recommends an increase of 98 full-time-equivalent civilian and sworn positions within the Tulsa Police Department.
An police review recommends an increase of 98 positions.
The classic musical West Side Story is returning to Australia and will open at the Lyric Theatre in Sydney in 2010.
The musical West Side Story is returning to Australia.
Modern Warfare 3 has set a new five-day entertainment record for grossing more than $775 million worldwide.
Modern Warfare 3 has set a new record.
An inquest has heard Antonie Dixon used a piece of material from his anti-suicide prison blanket to strangle himself.
Antonie Dixon used from his anti-suicide blanket to strangle himself.
Nissan North America announced Thursday that they are recalling over 600,000 vehicles, mostly in the United States, to resolve steering and battery cables issues.
Nissan North America are recalling over 600,000 vehicles.
Harbhajan Singh could be in trouble with the ICC after he reportedly made monkey gestures towards the crowd during India's victory in the first tri-series final in Sydney on Sunday.
Harbhajan Singh could be in trouble after he made monkey gestures.
Sterling rose to a 3-1/2 year high against the euro on Tuesday on worries about political instability in Greece, though investors were also wary of downbeat forecasts in the Bank of England's pending inflation report, checking its gains.
Sterling rose to a 3 - 1/2 year high.
Although he wants to finish his career in Boston, Manny Ramirez said he wouldn't ask the Red Sox to pick up his 2009 option before the start of the season.
Manny Ramirez wouldn't ask the Red Sox to pick up his 2009 option.
Former NBA superstar Charles Barkley was arrested on suspicion of DUI early Wednesday morning after being stopped by Arizona police for running a stop sign.
Charles Barkley was arrested on suspicion of DUI.
Maori political scientist Rawiri Taonui says the election results show the Maori vote is up for grabs.
The Maori vote is up for grabs.
Texas Tech baseball begins a three-game Big 12 series with Kansas State on Thursday at 6:30 pm in Manhattan, Kan. Normally, Big 12 Conference series begin on Fridays but this week's Texas Tech-Kansas State series Thursday so players can get home for Easter Sunday.
Texas Tech baseball begins a series with Kansas State.
Cape Town mayor Dan Plato reportedly said that the fire that ravaged the Helderberg area earlier this year was caused by children smoking, not by arson.
The fire was caused by children.
BSP members on Tuesday staged a walkout from the Lok Sabha to protest Speaker Somnath Chatterjee's ruling to treat as closed a party MP's sensational charge that CBI issued threats to it to support the government during the July trust vote.
BSP members staged a walkout from the Lok Sabha.
Starbucks Corp said it plans to launch a new health and wellness-focused chain next year after its acquisition of Evolution Fresh, a California-based premium juice maker, for $30 million.
Starbucks Corp plans to launch a new health and chain.
Three decades after John Lennon's death, Yoko Ono says she opposes parole for his killer because he remains a potential threat.
Yoko Ono opposes parole for his killer because he remains.
At the first LGBT reception ever held at No. 10 Downing Street, which is the UK equivalent of the White House, British Prime Minister Gordon Brown condemned the passage of Proposition 8, the ballot initiative that stripped LGBT Californians of the right to marry, and described the legislation as simply ``unacceptable''.
British Minister Gordon Brown condemned the passage of Proposition 8.
Safeguard, one of the UK's leading providers of caravan and motorhome insurance, has launched a new pet insurance policy.
Safeguard has launched a pet insurance policy.
WellPoint Systems Inc.,, a leading provider of software and related solutions to the energy industry, today announced that it has closed its previously announced non-brokered private placement with members of the senior management team issuing 5,414,416 common shares at a price of $0.10 per share.
WellPoint Systems Inc. has closed its previously announced non-brokered private placement.
Natural treatment recipes for hair are not only cost effective, but they are also surprisingly effective!
Natural treatment recipes for hair are not.
The European Union unveiled an ambitious new plan to tackle climate change Wednesday, proposing deep emissions cuts and mandatory quotas of renewable energy by 2020.
The European Union unveiled an new plan to tackle climate change.
A new model of Maruti A-Star was launched in Saudi Arabia which will be sold as Suzuki Celerio.
A new model of Maruti A-Star was launched in Saudi Arabia.
My Chinese friends tell me that the Chinese will eat anything with four legs except a chair, anything in the water except a boat and anything that flies except an airplane.
The Chinese will eat anything.
SINGAPORE - Oil prices rose above $87 a barrel Friday in Asia as Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak clung to power amid growing protests calling for his resignation.
Oil prices rose above $ 87 as Hosni Mubarak clung to power.
50 Cent has no interest in meeting his estranged father because he abandoned the rapper before he was even born.
50 Cent has no interest in meeting his estranged father.
A 33-year-old Lakeland man died early Monday in a car crash north of downtown, police said.
A man died in a crash north of downtown.
The Russian Navy supports the idea of conducting international anti-piracy operations in the Gulf of Aden under the UN aegis, its commander said on Thursday.
The Russian Navy supports the idea of conducting international anti-piracy operations.
Tiger Woods fired a five-under 67 Friday to take a one-stroke lead after two rounds at the Australian Open.
Tiger Woods fired to take a lead.
While disbursement under the short-term interest rate subsidy programme has been very successful with a high volume of capital loaned, the medium- and long-term interest rate subsidy programme has been going very slowly.
The medium and long term interest rate subsidy programme has been going slowly.
Phil Dowson of Northampton Saints was this evening suspended for two weeks for a dangerous tackle, contrary to Law 10, on Saracens' Alex Goode during the Aviva Premiership match at Franklin's Gardens on November 26, 2011.
Phil Dowson was this evening suspended for two weeks for a dangerous tackle.
Charlie Sheen is throwing a party to watch his own funeral on 'Two and a Half Men'.
Charlie Sheen is throwing a party to watch his own funeral.
China and the United States have ``huge potential'' for economic cooperation, which should be more market-oriented, a leading economist of a Washington-based think tank said.
China and the United States have huge potential for economic cooperation.
'Iron Man 3' star Guy Pearce has admitted he was ``nervous'' about working with Robert Downey Jr. because he worried the actor would be difficult to work with.
Guy Pearce was nervous about working with Robert Downey Jr..
Music mogul Simon Cowell is teaming up with bosses at YouTube to launch a global online talent contest.
Simon Cowell is teaming up to launch a online talent contest.
The government is committed to ensuring foolproof security for foreign investors, Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani said on Wednesday.
The government is committed to ensuring security for foreign investors.
German Bundesliga club Schalke 04 on Friday came from behind to beat MSV Duisburg 2-1 in a league match played in Gelsenkirchen.
Club Schalke 04 came from behind to beat MSV Duisburg 2.
Grammy-winning composer, singer and music producer Mitch Miller has died, aged 99.
Composer, and music producer Mitch Miller has died, aged 99.
Tyrone manager Mickey Harte has paid tribute to his deceased daughter Michaela, who was murdered in Mauritius yesterday.
Mickey Harte has paid tribute to his deceased daughter Michaela.
Mitt Romney has won the New Hampshire Republican primary.
Mitt Romney has won the New Hampshire primary.
Fire Station No. 21, which serves the Cleveland neighborhoods of Ohio City and Tremont, will be ``browned out'' starting Saturday, according to the firefighters union.
Fire Station No. 21 will be browned out starting Saturday.
A FORMER heroin addict died after unwittingly taking a lethal cocktail of drink and drugs.
A heroin addict died after taking a lethal cocktail of drink and drugs.
Republican David Malpass came to Syracuse today to announce he will challenge Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand.
Republican David Malpass came to announce he will challenge Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand.
Virgin Media has announced plans to offer free home phone to mobile calls to customers on its broadband bundles.
Virgin Media has announced plans to offer free home phone to mobile calls.
Banking operations remain disrupted in public sector banks on second day of the strike called by unions on Thursday.
Banking operations remain disrupted on second day of the strike.
A jury of 14 Robertson County residents were selected today for the murder trial of Jeremy A. Jarvis who is charged in the murder of Williard Ross, the 62-year-old retired Northwest coach who was shot and killed in the North Wal-Mart parking.
A jury were selected for the murder trial.
Moore endorsed Obama in a 1,100-word posting on his web site.
Moore endorsed Obama.
``My goal is to make people smile,'' said Brendon Smithson, 29, who took over the position this month.
My goal is to make people smile.
Prime Minister Gordon Brown announced on Tuesday that Britain has expelled two Iranian diplomats in a tit-for-tat action after Tehran ordered two British diplomats to leave.
Britain has expelled two Iranian diplomats.
By JASON STRAZIUSO, Associated Press Former South African President Nelson Mandela remained in serious but stable condition during his fourth day in the hospital Tuesday for a recurring lung infection, while school children sang outside the 94-year-old icon's home in hopes the former president would recover.
Nelson Mandela remained in serious condition.
Sudan's President Omar Hassan al-Bashir vowed on Wednesday to ``liberate'' South Sudan from its ruling party, a sharp escalation of rhetoric after fierce border clashes that edged the East African neighbours closer to all-out war.
Sudan's Omar Hassan al-Bashir vowed to liberate South Sudan.
An ambulance flipped on a northern Kentucky road Wednesday while taking a patient to the hospital.
An ambulance flipped while taking a patient to the hospital.
Gnarls Barkley will be releasing a digital EP on Nov. 11 via Atlantic.
Gnarls Barkley will be releasing a digital EP.
Former San Diego Chargers linebacker Steve Foley has agreed to settle his lawsuit for $5.5 million against a police officer who shot him while off-duty two years ago, ending his pro football career.
Linebacker Steve Foley has agreed to settle his lawsuit for $ 5.5 million.
Pinnacle Foods Inc., Parsippany, NJ, in late March went public, selling 29 million shares of stock, about 32 percent of the company, at $20 per share.
Pinnacle Foods Inc., went public.
Local automotive players should evolve their business models in order to retain their market share when the government fully implements the revised National Automotive Policy.
Local automotive players should evolve their business models in order to retain their market share.
A trial has been set for June for the woman who is accused of running over a Missoula police officer in January.
A trial has been set for the woman who is accused of running over a Missoula officer.
Wayne Rooney has signed to stay on at Manchester United until 2015.
Wayne Rooney has signed to stay on at Manchester United.
He talked about his multiple marriages and admitted to affairs in a more direct way than he ever has previously.
He talked and admitted to affairs.
and was told by sheriffs the court has issued a court Injunction against me.
The court has issued a Injunction.
The Romanian government approved an overhaul of the country's energy sector by setting up two national power holdings to include almost all the state-owned assets in the field, news agency Mediafax cited Economy Minister Adriean Videanu as saying Friday.
The Romanian government approved by setting up two national power holdings, Mediafax cited.
Police officers trying to rescue a man from a burning house were greeted at the door by a man with a shotgun.
Police officers trying to rescue were greeted by a man with a shotgun.
The Sunshine Skyway will grace a priority mail stamp, the US Postal Service announced Friday.
The Sunshine Skyway will grace a priority mail stamp.
PTI May 21, 2013, 04.55AM IST With an impending comprehensive immigration reform, two leading US business groups have called on lawmakers to support an increase in H-1B visas and providing green cards to entrepreneurs who create jobs so as to keep attracting the ``best and brightest''.
Two US business groups have called to support an increase in H-1B visas.
Indonesia has announced a new shark and manta ray sanctuary, the first to protect the species in the rich marine ecosystem of the Coral Triangle, known as the 'Amazon of the ocean.
Indonesia has announced a shark and manta ray sanctuary.
DunyaToday) Shirley Sherrod, an official at the United States Department of Agriculture has resigned after a speech she gave at an NAACP function in March was aired on Breitbart News and other conservative news outlets.
Shirley Sherrod, an official at the United States Department of Agriculture has resigned.
The US ambassador to Angola, Dan Mozena, is travelling on Wednesday to Cacongo district, northern Cabinda province, to learn about the community reconciliation project funded by USAID.
The US ambassador is travelling to Cacongo district.
Cincy beats Providence 61-44 at Big East tourney A fast start and a strong finish gave Cincinnati an important win for its NCAA tournament resume.
Cincy beats Providence 61 44 at Big East tourney A start.
Nokia, the world's top mobile phone maker, will offer free maps and navigation services for its smartphone users, it said on Thursday, 21 January 2010, in a move that puts pressure on players in the GPS industry.
Nokia will offer free maps for its smartphone users.
The National Bank of Ukraine is urging commercial banks to timely use the loans provided to them for re-financing, reads NBU letter No.47-312/9436-11348 dated June 12.
The National Bank of Ukraine is urging banks to timely use the loans provided for re-financing.
A Senate committee approved an assault weapons ban Thursday on a party-line vote that signaled how difficult it will be for the proposal to survive in the full Senate.
A Senate committee approved an assault weapons ban.
Receiver Doug Baldwin missed all of Friday's practice with a shoulder injury that limited him Thursday.
Doug Baldwin missed all of Friday's practice.
The Prince of Wales is to officially re-open the newly refurbished Savoy Hotel in central London.
The Prince of Wales is to re-open the Savoy Hotel.
A mental fitness hearing has been ordered for a Nova Scotia man accused of seriously wounding his infant son last November.
A mental fitness hearing has been ordered for a Nova Scotia man.
Spanish inflation eased to 2.6 percent in March on a 12-month basis from 2.9 percent in February, mainly owing to lower prices for motor fuels, figures published on Friday by the national statistics institute Ine showed.
Spanish inflation eased in March.
A Pelham man, who said he was found innocent in a child sex assault case Wednesday in Hillsborough County Superior Court South, Friday waived extradition to Massachusetts on a fugitive charge, saying: ``I want to do the right thing.''
A Pelham man, who said he was found innocent in a sex assault case, waived extradition to Massachusetts, saying : I want.
Fourth-generation Earnhardt driver Jeffrey Earnhardt has failed to qualify for what he was hoping would be his
Jeffrey Earnhardt has failed to qualify.
Twilight star Peter Facinelli has said Taylor Lautner should 'never wear a shirt' in the movies.
Peter Facinelli has said Taylor Lautner should never wear a shirt.
Former Spice Girls star Geri Halliwell has revealed her infamous Union Jack dress was actually a tea towel.
Geri Halliwell has revealed her infamous Union Jack dress was a tea towel.
General Motors roared back as a public company on Thursday, with its newly-listed shares trading well above their offering price, the FT reports.
General Motors roared back as a public company.
Rap artist Nate Dogg, known for his collaborations with such hip-hop stars as Dr Dre, Warren G and longtime friend Snoop Dog, has died at age 41.
Rap artist Nate Dogg, has died.
A researcher at Georgetown University Medical Center''s Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center says that monoclonal antibodies can be used as potent immune weapons against cancer.
Monoclonal antibodies can be used as potent immune weapons against cancer.
Mark Teixeira will likely return to the Yankees lineup Tuesday, according to the New York Post.
Mark Teixeira will likely return to the lineup Tuesday.
Poland clinched their maiden World League title after a straight sets win over Olympic champions the United States in the final of the competition at the Armeets Arena on Sunday.
Poland clinched their maiden World League title.
President Barack Obama said Thursday that up to 9 million Americans can reduce their mortgage payments by refinancing using government programs.
Barack Obama said up to 9 million Americans can reduce their mortgage payments.
An Israeli naval patrol killed at least four Palestinian militants in diving gear off the Gaza coast earlier this morning, according to Hamas security officials and the Israeli Army.
An Israeli patrol killed at least four Palestinian militants.
``While some more correction cannot be ruled out, we believe this gives a great opportunity to add to quality stocks to your portfolio. We believe the year 2011 will be a good one for Indian equities. The Nifty can cross the 7,000 mark in 2011-12,`` said the broking firm IIFL.
The Nifty can cross the 7,000 mark in 2011 12.
AT\u0026T is developing a global wide area network for Netherlands-based animal nutrition and fish feed specialist Nutreco in a three year agreement.
AT\u0026T is developing a global wide area network for nutrition and Nutreco.
Arizona Cardinals vs. San Francisco 49ers odds opened at Arizona -1 ½ as the away favorite and the line has since shifted to -3 ½ at Hollywood Sportsbook.com with nearly 75 percent of the public backing the Cardinals.
Arizona Cardinals vs. San Francisco 49ers odds opened.
High winds have delayed several BC ferries, but the squall causing the gusts is expected to leave the area by dinner time.
High winds have delayed ferries.
HP has introduced CloudStart offering in Asia-Pacific and Japan, which the company claims to be the industry's first all-in-one offering for deploying an open and flexible private cloud environment within 30 days.
HP has introduced CloudStart offering in Asia-Pacific and Japan.
Steven Finn has found an extra gear to rank among the world's fastest bowlers, but he will not be sidetracked by the need for speed against India on Thursday.
Steven Finn has found an gear.
Guatemala confirmed one new A/H1N1 flu case on Sunday, bringing the infection toll to 12 in the country, Health Minister Celso Cerezo said, according to Xinhua.
Guatemala confirmed one new A H1N1 case.
Novartis International AG / Novartis discontinues development of two investigational compounds reflecting enhanced focus on portfolio prioritization and productivity Processed and transmitted by Thomson Reuters.
Novartis discontinues development of two investigational compounds reflecting enhanced focus on portfolio prioritization and productivity.
The ``Avatar'' star allegedly threatened the doorman who sprayed him, screaming: ``I'm a DEA agent!
I 'm a DEA agent.
The AFM's revised procedure for viewing and copying digital data took effect on 24 February 2011 and replaced the 2006 procedure, which no longer met current practice.
The AFM's procedure for viewing and copying digital data took.
Jordan, which saw a decline in tourist arrivals from US and European countries due to the recent political unrest, is seeing India as a big market to boost tourism.
Jordan is seeing India as a big market to boost tourism.
First warning weather, 06/24/10, 5p
First warning weather.
The United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East Sunday said it has no intentions to shut down its Gaza offices, said media sources.
The United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees has no intentions to shut down its Gaza offices.
Head of the Religious Affairs Department Ali Bardakoglu met Patriarch Kirill of the Moscow Orthodox Church in Ankara on Monday.
Ali Bardakoglu met Patriarch Kirill in Ankara.
A new Krispy Kreme opened for business in Indian Land Tuesday morning.
A new Krispy Kreme opened in Indian Land.
The local mother who left her children home alone to drown in her neighbor's backyard took the stand Thursday to convince a jury the tragedy was not her fault.
The mother took the stand.
Jeff McLane of the Philadelphia Inquirer first reported that Vick will sign his franchise tender today, guaranteeing him a salary of more than $16 million next season.
Vick will sign his franchise tender.
7/20/2009 6:50:35 AM Red Hat Inc. is joining the prestigious S\u0026P 500 index after the close of trading on Friday, July 24.
Red Hat Inc. is joining the prestigious S\u0026P 500 index.
The Olyroos have been narrowly defeated 0-1 by DPR Korea in their opening match of the Four Nations International Tournament in Vietnam.
The Olyroos have been narrowly defeated by DPR Korea.
You can stop holding your breath, America, Dan Quayle will be endorsing Mitt Romney for president.
Dan Quayle will be endorsing Mitt Romney for president.
Two LAX baggage handlers face theft charges after hundreds of missing items turn up at their homes.
Two LAX baggage handlers face theft charges.
The BSE Sensex fell 34 points to 17,065.15 Wednesday in volatile trading as investors booked profits amid IMF forecast of slower economic growth in India, and US Fed's policy meeting as America and Europe are feared to be headed for recession.
The BSE Sensex fell 34 points.
A man died when he was ``necklaced'' in Khayelitsha, Western Cape police said on Monday.
A man was necklaced in Khayelitsha.
Polish retail chain Biedronka plans to launch its mobile payment system this year, reports Wirtualna Polska.
Biedronka plans to launch its mobile payment system this year.
Shinmoedake volcano erupted again on Monday, spewing hot ash into the air of southern Japan.
Shinmoedake volcano erupted, spewing into the air of southern Japan.
The Vietnamese Government wishes to deepen ties with Spain, and is doing all it can to create a mutually beneficial relationship, stressed Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung.
The Vietnamese Government wishes to deepen ties with Spain.
Brandywine Realty Trust announced today that the underwriters of its recent public offering of 35,000,000 common shares exercised their over-allotment option in full to purchase an additional 5,250,000 common shares from the Company at $6.30 per share for net proceeds of approximately $31.7 million.
Brandywine Realty Trust announced the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option.
The National Employment Law Project Action Fund, a left-leaning group, is touting the news that Mitt Romney supports indexing the federal minimum wage to CPI.
Mitt Romney supports indexing the minimum wage.
Spanish team Andalucía-Caja Granada denied reports that it has signed Italian veteran Davide Rebellin, but admitted it talked with the veteran Italian who is looking for a job after serving a doping ban.
Andalucía-Caja Granada has signed Davide Rebellin.
Ramzan prayers were offered in 273 mosques across the composite Coimbatore district including Tirupur.
Ramzan prayers were offered in 273 mosques across the district.
A former Gwinnett County commissioner has been sentenced to just less than three years in prison on federal bribery charges.
A former Gwinnett County commissioner has been sentenced.
Over 35,000 new jobs were created in December, driving the unemployment rate down to 5.5%, according to latest figures from the Australian Bureau of Statistics.
Over 35,000 new jobs were created.
The seventh Toronto bookshop in three years has announced that it is closing its storefront.
The Toronto bookshop has announced it is closing its storefront.
Tempe, Arizona-based Limelight Networks, the provider of content delivery network services, said this week that it has added two new web acceleration services to its product mix. Limelight said its Commerce Accelerator and Portal Accelerator offerings are focused on online commerce transaction and web applications, and specifically publishers, retailers, advertisers, and corporate IT departments running online storefronts, self-service portals, and web business applications.
Limelight Networks has added two web acceleration services.
Harrah's Entertainment Inc., the world's largest casino company, has changed its name to Caesars Entertainment Corp.
Harrah's Entertainment Inc., the world's casino company, has changed its name.
Germany-based BASF SE, a chemical company that manufactures products including fine chemicals, plastics and finishing products, has announced it will restructure its nylon 6 production in Europe.
BASF SE will restructure its nylon 6 production.
Former House Speaker David Wilkins of Greenville says he won't run for governor when he returns to South Carolina after serving as US ambassador to Canada.
David Wilkins won't run for governor.
Ingres Corporation, the leading open source database management company and pioneer of The New Economics of IT, announced today that it has been named an up and coming open source company in the North Bridge Venture Partnersâ€™ 2009 â€œFuture of Open Sourceâ€ survey.
Ingres Corporation has been named up and coming open source company in the € ™ 2009 â œFuture of Open Sourceâ € survey.
The Emergency was passed in Parliament yesterday with a majority of 81 with 92 members voting for and 11 against.
The Emergency was passed in Parliament.
EU regulators have dropped antitrust charges against Visa after accepting the company's pledge to cut its debit card fees to one lower rate for domestic and cross-border transactions across nine EU countries.
EU regulators have dropped antitrust charges against Visa after accepting the company's pledge to cut its debit card fees.
MELA Sciences, Inc. /quotes/zigman/118032/quotes/nls/mela MELA -11.84% today announced the pricing of an underwritten public offering of 5,000,000 shares of its common stock at a price of $3.25 per share.
MELA -11.84% today announced the pricing of an underwritten public offering of 5,000,000 shares of its common stock.
By Lexi Belculfine / Pittsburgh Post-Gazette Two workers were injured in an Armstrong County coal mine this afternoon, authorities said.
Two workers were injured in an Armstrong County coal mine.
NORTH west water giant United Utilities has been told to cut bills by 0.4 per cent over the next five years and to scale back its investment plans by £100m, which analysts believe could lead to a dividend cut for shareholders as the company looks to strengthen its balance sheet in other ways.
Giant United Utilities has been told to cut bills.
APD's bomb squad checked a suspicious package at the Whole Foods at 6th Street and Lamar Boulevard.
APD's bomb squad checked a suspicious package.
US President Barack Obama said that he ``could not be prouder'' of Joe Biden after his Vice President clashed with Republican Paul Ryan in a fiery debate in Kentucky.
Barack Obama could not be prouder of Joe Biden after his President clashed in a debate.
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have been enjoying karaoke sessions at one of their UK homes.
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have been enjoying karaoke sessions.
China Sunergy Co., Ltd., a solar cell and module manufacturer based in China, has won a 1.1MW solar module supply contract in Switzerland for 2011.
China Sunergy Co., Ltd., has won a 1.1MW solar module supply contract in Switzerland.
As the presidential campaign heads into its final three weeks, Republican John McCain plans to stress anew tax cuts as a way to fight the sluggish economy that has threatened global credit markets and hampered his candidacy.
John McCain plans to stress anew tax cuts.
Everton striker Kevin Mirallas has revealed that Chelsea forward Eden Hazard is the ``darling'' of Belgium coach Marc Wilmots.
Eden Hazard is the darling of Belgium coach Marc Wilmots.
A man was arrested for marrying a minor girl recently without divorcing his first wife in a village in Ludhiana district today, police said here.
A man was arrested for marrying a minor girl.
Indiana Tech said today it would designate specific campus parking areas for students, staff and visitors for the first time.
Indiana Tech said it would designate parking areas for students, staff and visitors.
Sandeep Warrier, the upcoming fast bowling talent from Kerala, has been selected for the emerging bowlers camp to be held at the National Cricket Academy in Bangalore from July 8-20.
Sandeep Warrier has been selected for the emerging bowlers camp.
Former Gossip Girl star Taylor Momsen has claimed that she has quit acting in favour of her music career.
Taylor Momsen has quit acting in favour of her music career.
Investors are looking ahead of the economic crisis in order to make financial choices, it has been said.
Investors are looking ahead of the economic crisis.
Though the bard in all his poetic valour had asked 'What's in a name?' denizens seem to believe otherwise.
What's in a name.
NRI businesswoman, Serafin Edwin, who had alleged that she had given rs 40 lakh to self-styled Godman Santosh Madhavan alias Amritha Chaitanya, on Saturday recorded her statement before police here.
NRI businesswoman, recorded her statement.
SGS announced Christoph Thiel as the new Global Business Development Manager, Renewable Energies.
SGS announced as the new Global Business Development Manager.
A man accused of posing as a police officer to rob a woman and her young daughter was charged with aggravated robbery on Friday.
A man accused of posing as a officer was charged.
Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush was elected to the Rayonier Inc. board of directors at the company's annual shareholder meeting on Thursday.
Jeb Bush was elected to the Rayonier Inc. board.
SAN JOSE, Calif. Hitachi Global Storage Technologies today announced that it has agreed to acquire a substrate manufacturing facility located in Sarawak, Malaysia from Western Digital.
Hitachi Global Storage Technologies has agreed to acquire a substrate manufacturing facility located, from Western Digital.
Best-selling author Anne Rice, best-known for her books on vampires and her conversion to Christianity, says she is renouncing Christianity.
Anne Rice is renouncing Christianity.
VF Corp., whose brands include Wrangler, Nautica and The North Face, says it will buy boot and clothing maker Timberland Co. for more than $2.2 billion.
VF Corp. will buy Timberland Co..
Photo by Brad Kemp / Advertiser file photo Nine men, including four living in Acadiana, were arrested on child pornography charges during an undercover investigation targeting South Louisiana.
Photo Nine men were arrested on child pornography charges.
CANDYMAN, a documentary feature film directed by NZ film maker Costa Botes has been selected for Slamdance 2010.
CANDYMAN, has been selected for Slamdance 2010.
MANCHESTER, England -Manchester City has signed Spain winger Jesus Navas from Sevilla, its second major move of the offseason.
MANCHESTER - Manchester City has signed Jesus Navas from Sevilla.
With the uncertainty of the economy, it can be a difficult time to decide to buy a house, but one local realtor says Topeka is a buyer's market.
It can be, but one local realtor says Topeka is a buyer's market.
Fairfax County may bring back red light cameras after scrapping a similar program eight years...
Fairfax County may bring red light cameras.
Australia condemns Japan whale hunt Updated: 14:13, Saturday December 29, 2012 The Australian government has vowed to continue its fight against all forms of whaling as Japan's whaling fleet leaves for its annual hunt in the Southern Ocean.
Australia condemns Japan whale hunt.
China recently lifted the trust loan quota of export rebate accounts in order to relieve export-oriented enterprises' financing difficulties, according to an announcement released Thursday on the Ministry of Commerce website.
China lifted the trust loan quota of export rebate accounts.
The government is planning to optimize incentives for the convention and exhibition industry with details coming later this year.
The government is planning to optimize incentives for the convention and exhibition industry.
High interest rate is hurting the common man and RBI should cut interest rate gradually to spur economic growth, ICICI Bank Chairman KV Kamath has said.
Interest rate is hurting.
Dance drug mephedrone will be banned within weeks, Home Secretary Alan Johnson said.
Drug mephedrone will be banned.
The Boeing Co. workers at a South Carolina plant have voted against continued representation by a union as the company considers the site for a second assembly line for its new 787 wide-body jetliner.
The Boeing Co. workers have voted by a union.
Danske Bank has obtained an €8.2m judgment on consent against car dealer Bill Cullen over unpaid loans.
Danske Bank has obtained an € 8.2m judgment on consent against Bill Cullen.
Longtime sports writer Maury Allen, who penned biographies of everyone from Jackie Robinson to Joe Namath and spent 27 years writing for The New York Post, has died of lymphoma.
Longtime sports writer Maury Allen has died.
An Ocala woman accused of trying to rob a Gainesville bank and possibly linked to similar holdups in Marion County is facing federal bank robbery charges in the Alachua County case.
An Ocala woman accused is facing federal charges.
Alpari, one of the retail providers of online forex trading services, plans to launch a regional office in Dubai to tap the growing potentials for the equity and bond markets and to boost its operations in the Middle East region.
Alpari plans to launch a regional office in Dubai.
Former Tidewater News photographer Don Bridgers photographed Elizabeth Taylor when she visited Franklin in February 1978.
Elizabeth Taylor visited Franklin.
More generations are living under the same roof and the trend will deepen as families grappling with near double-digit unemployment share expenses, a study showed on Monday.
More generations are living under the same roof.
Bruce Benson met with CU staff to discuss his qualifications to be the president of the CU system on Wednesday afternoon.
Bruce Benson met with CU staff.
POLICE in Ndola have arrested four men for allegedly stealing a Zesco transformer in Misundu.
POLICE have arrested for stealing a Zesco transformer.
Nato is failing to win over recruits from the Taliban, the US General leading the mission in Afghanistan has admitted.
Nato is failing to win over recruits from the Taliban.
Greece is restoring confidence in its economic reform programme, European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said on Thursday.
Greece is restoring confidence in its reform programme.
On September 5, 2008 pursuant to authorization granted by its Board of Directors, Compuware Corporation adopted a plan under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to repurchase up to 14 million shares of common stock.
Compuware Corporation adopted to repurchase up to 14 million shares.
OCLC announced that the British Library has added 12 million bibliographic records to WorldCat.
The British Library has added 12 million records to WorldCat.
The US Food and Drug Administration announced yesterday that it has approved Isentress for children two to 18 years of age who weigh at least 22 pounds.
The US Food and Drug Administration has approved Isentress for children.
From being the largest producer and exporter of rare earths, China is zooming towards the distinction of becoming the largest consumer of rare earths.
China is zooming towards the distinction of becoming the largest consumer of rare earths.
United Nations chief Ban Ki-moon on Saturday urged Turkey and Israel to mend their relationship for the good of the Middle East peace process after Ankara expelled the Israeli ambassador in the latest fallout over last year's deadly raid on a Gaza-bound aid flotilla.
United Nations chief Ki-moon urged Turkey and Israel to mend their relationship for the good of the Middle East peace process.
Scotland captain Jason White is ``improving'' following a head injury sustained in last weekend's 30-15 defeat against Wales in the Six Nations Championship, according to a Scottish Rugby Union statement issued here Monday.
Scotland captain Jason White is improving following a head injury.
13:42 GMT, April 3, 2012 The South African National Defence Force will once again participate at the Rand Show 2012, at Johannesburg Expo Centre, Nasrec.
The South African National Defence Force will participate at the Rand Show 2012.
A southwest Oklahoma City homeowner shot an intruder in the shoulder this afternoon, police said.
A Oklahoma City homeowner shot an intruder in the shoulder.
German unemployment fell in June, data released Tuesday showed, with the numbers out of work dropping by a seasonally unadjusted 123,000 to 3.16 million.
German unemployment fell in June.
Vidya Balan stalker, who turned out to be a youth in his late 20s has been arrested.
Vidya Balan stalker, has been arrested.
Each package will feed six people, says Salem pastor Michael McCain, pointing out that this means the volunteers packed enough meals to feed 62,000 people.
The volunteers packed enough meals to feed 62,000 people.
BBC News is reporting that JK Rowling will appear at the Cheltenham Literature Festival on October 6, 2012 to talk about her first adult novel, The Casual Vacancy, and sign copies of the book afterward.
JK Rowling will appear at the Cheltenham Literature Festival to talk about her adult novel.
Retail sales volumes were weaker than expected in September, official figures showed today, as anxiety about the Government's deficit-busting cuts deepened.
Retail sales volumes were weaker than expected.
Republican presidential candidate Fred Thompson is campaigning across South Carolina again Wednesday.
Fred Thompson is campaigning across South Carolina.
Pakistan will take every possible step to maintain a minimum credible nuclear deterrence despite economic constraints being faced by the country, Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said on Monday.
Pakistan will take to maintain a minimum credible nuclear deterrence.
BBC daytime television presenter Kristian Digby has been found dead at his home in east London, police have said.
Kristian Digby has been found dead.
HAMILTON and Brechin will learn their Scottish Cup fate after a meeting of the Scottish Football Association's emergency committee tomorrow morning.
HAMILTON and Brechin will learn their Scottish Cup fate.
Taipei, July 30 Taiwan share prices closed down 0.49 percent Friday, led by high-tech heavyweights, after their counterparts fell on Wall Street overnight amid concerns over the global economy, dealers said.
Taipei, Taiwan share prices closed down 0.49 percent.
Richa Gangopadhyay starrer 'Mayakkam Enna' has seen a change in its release date and has now joined the Diwali bandwagon that already has three biggies lined up namely Suriya's '7aum Arivu', Vijay's 'Velayudham' and Silambarasan's 'Osthi'.
Mayakkam Enna has seen and has joined the Diwali bandwagon.
Marathon world record holder Paula Radcliffe is expecting her second child in September.
Paula Radcliffe is expecting her second child in September.
Tiger Woods is preparing to move into his $60 million Florida mansion -- which comes complete with a running track and four-hole golf course.
Tiger Woods is preparing to move into his $ 60 million mansion.
A TEACHER was granted bail with access to his computer, despite more than 12,000 child pornography images being found in his Sydney home.
A TEACHER was granted bail, despite more than 12,000 images.
George Zimmerman turned himself in to Florida authorities Sunday after a judge revoked his bond in the Trayvon Martin shooting case.
George Zimmerman turned himself in.
China has completed a draft development plan for alternative energy and approved Turpan, in the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, for development as a national demonstrative center for alternative energy, Shanghai Securities News reported July 5 citing National Development and Reform Commission Deputy Director and National Energy Administration Director Zhang Guobao.
China has completed a draft development plan for alternative energy.
German automaker BMW wants a stake in SGL Carbon, already one of its strategic partners and the leading carbon-based product maker.
BMW wants a stake in SGL Carbon.
The Le Cordon Bleu culinary school in Orlando was evacuated after receiving a bomb threat Tuesday afternoon, according to the Orange County Sheriff's Office.
The Le Cordon Bleu culinary school was evacuated after receiving a bomb threat.
The Steelers defeated the Cleveland Browns 27-14 today at Heinz Field for their third straight victory.
The Steelers defeated the Cleveland Browns 27 14.
Supermodel Naomi Campbell is opening a clothes shop in London to raise money for a charity founded by British royal Charles, Prince of Wales.
Naomi Campbell is opening a clothes shop.
Airplane manufacturer Cirrus Design is rehiring about 50 employees who were laid off in January.
Cirrus Design is rehiring about 50 employees.
The probability of ratification of the Armenian-Turkish protocols has reduced, but has not reached zero, President of the European Integration NGO Karen Beckaryan told a press conference.
The probability of ratification of the protocols has reduced.
By JESSICA MINTZ AP Technology Writer Microsoft Corp. said Tuesday it is planning to open its first two retail stores in Arizona and California this fall.
Microsoft Corp. is planning to open its two stores in Arizona and California.
Greeley added 1,400 construction jobs in December, a 17 percent increase over December 2009, according to an analysis of federal employment data released today.
Greeley added 1,400 construction jobs.
Cyprus may need to raise taxes to help it pull out of an economic crisis, central bank Governor Athanasios Orphanides said on Saturday, a day after Moody's warned the island would probably need to seek emergency funding at some point.
Cyprus may need to raise taxes.
A fugitive American psychiatrist accused of arranging a bogus $70,000 liver transplant was arrested in the Philippines and will be returned to the US to stand trial, a federal prosecutor said Thursday.
A fugitive American psychiatrist was arrested.
A statue of a former Detroit Mayor and post Civil War US Senator is moving from Washington, DC to Lansing.
A statue of a former Detroit Mayor is moving from Washington,, DC to Lansing.
LONDON -An England football fan was jailed for three years on Wednesday for killing a Wales supporter outside Wembley Stadium before an international match between the countries.
England fan was jailed for killing a Wales supporter.
Singer Beyonce Knowles is expecting her first child with rapper husband Jay-Z, US Weekly magazine reported on Wednesday.
Beyonce Knowles is expecting her first child with Jay-Z.
Vancouver Island-based biologist Alexandra Morton has confirmed to the Straight that she will not be running for the provincial or federal NDP any time soon.
Alexandra Morton has confirmed she will not be running for the NDP.
LONDON -Katie Price has reunited with cagefighter Alex Reid in a bid to stop him from revealing the details of their sex life, it has emerged.
Katie Price has reunited with cagefighter Alex Reid.
Indian Americans and Filipinos carry an elevated risk of suffering from coronary heart disease compared to other sub-groups, a recent research has revealed.
Indian Americans carry an elevated risk of suffering from coronary heart disease.
LIMERICK'S most famous author Frank McCourt is gravely ill and may have just months to live, it has been confirmed by those close to the family in New York.
LIMERICK 'S author Frank McCourt is gravely ill, it has been confirmed.
Shares in Ryanair fell as much as 7.5 percent on market talk of a profit warning after Morgan Stanley cut its price target on the Europe's biggest low-cost airline, traders and analysts said.
Shares in Ryanair fell on talk of a profit warning.
Clooney recently told Rolling Stone Magazine that he had contemplated suicide after a stunt left him hospitalized and in pain.
Clooney had contemplated suicide.
Television presenter for Sky Sports and Sky Sports News Georgie Thompson had been awarded the Celebrity Lips Of The Year title.
Presenter for Sky Sports and Georgie Thompson had been awarded the Celebrity Lips Of The Year title.
Glorior Belli has inked a worldwide deal with Metal Blade Records in anticipation of the band's upcoming album ``The Great Southern Darkness,'' which is due to be released in the fall of this year.
Glorior Belli has inked a deal with Metal Blade Records.
A 33-year-old man drowned Wednesday in Lake Beulah after attempting to dock a boat on the north side of the lake, the Walworth County Sheriff's Department reported.
A man drowned in Lake Beulah.
Beijing said air quality will ``improve noticeably'' tomorrow as snow and rain was forecast for the Chinese capital today and pollution levels moderated.
Beijing said air quality will improve noticeably as snow and rain was forecast.
After much consideration as to his predicament, he decided that it would be fun to see how those things tasted.
How those things tasted.
Barclays Bank Plc plans to sell three-year Samurai bonds, documents filed with Japanese financial authorities showed on Monday.
Barclays Bank Plc plans to sell Samurai bonds.
Hugh Jackman has admitted that he is heartbroken about his new film being leaked online.
Hugh Jackman is heartbroken about his film being leaked.
A TEENAGER who sold pepper spray on eBay did not realise at first that it was illegal, a court was told today.
A TEENAGER sold pepper spray on eBay.
Canadian producer Lunice has announced two New Zealand shows next month.
Lunice has announced two New Zealand shows.
Syria said on Sunday it would stop ``terrorist groups'' from continuing criminal acts in the country, state TV quoted a security source as saying, putting a four-day ceasefire further into doubt.
Syria said it would stop terrorist groups, TV quoted.
An Angels Camp man died Saturday from injuries sustained falling and hitting his head after leaving Claussen's Corner July 23, according to a report from the Angels Camp Police Department.
An man died sustained falling and hitting his head.
On December 20, Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi held a telephone conversation with his Japanese counterpart Koichiro Gemba, exchanging views concerning the passing of Kim Jong Il, top leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, and the current situation on the Korean Peninsula.
Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi held a telephone conversation with his Japanese counterpart Koichiro Gemba.
3D Systems Corporation, announced today that it has acquired Provel, Srl, an Italian provider of rapid prototyping, tooling and manufacturing services, as part of the company's continued expansion of its 3Dproparts TM service in Europe.
3D Systems Corporation has acquired Provel.
A man was killed and two children injured when the vehicle they were in rolled several times into a paddock north of Christchurch this afternoon.
A man was killed and two children injured the vehicle rolled.
Man fatally shot in New Haven Police say a 32-year-old man has been fatally shot in New Haven and they are looking for a suspect who may have fled in a black pick-up truck.
A man has been fatally shot in New Haven.
The Lappin Foundation will honor several notable community leaders at its annual awards ceremony in August.
The Lappin Foundation will honor community leaders.
Patriarch Kirill of Moscow and All Russia has congratulated Francois Hollande on his election as president of France.
Kirill of Moscow has congratulated Francois Hollande.
Vietnam won 73 golds, 57 silvers and 45 bronzes and came third at the fifth ASEAN ParaGames which was held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, from August 14 to 19.
Vietnam won, and came third at the ASEAN ParaGames.
China will continue crackdown on copyright infringement and pornography publications as crime syndicates become more sophisticated in order to maintain illegal business, a Chinese official said here Saturday.
China will continue crackdown on copyright infringement and pornography publications.
A Craven soldier who had been in the Army for just a few months when he was shot dead in Afghanistan has been repatriated to the UK.
A Craven soldier has been repatriated to the UK.
A TOP borough restaurant closed its doors to customers for the final time on Saturday.
A TOP borough restaurant closed.
Sir Paul McCartney has refused to cull wild boar on his estate which has upset neighbours, it has been reported.
Sir Paul McCartney has refused to cull wild boar on his estate.
Photo days for 2010 fall sports for area high schools are needed by The Crescent-News.
Photo days are needed.
The 2011 Lollapalooza lineup was officially announced last night.
The 2011 Lollapalooza lineup was announced.
This is picture that has been circulating on the internet for a few days, it shows a protest in Iran where a protestor is holding up a sign which reads ``We are Lions and the Sun is Behind Us'', a very clear reference to the national Lion and Sun Flag.
We are Lions and the Sun is Behind Us.
Britain plans to impose a ``temporary'' limit on the number of non-EU migrants to prevent.
Britain plans to impose a limit on the number of non-EU migrants.
Washington state cancer patients are more likely to file for bankruptcy than people without cancer, US researchers found.
Cancer patients are more likely to file for bankruptcy.
The N3 highway between Van Reenens Pass and Villiers in the Free State remains closed due to heavy snowfalls in the area.
The N3 highway remains closed due to snowfalls.
Canon plans to open 100 new showrooms across the Middle East and parts of East Africa as it targets regional sales growth of 20 per cent this year.
Canon plans to open 100 showrooms.
FORMER Sunderland player and Northern Ireland star David Healy has been accused of assault, it was revealed in court today.
FORMER Sunderland player has been accused of assault.
Twilight hunk Robert Pattinson has been voted the sexiest man alive in a new poll.
Robert Pattinson has been voted the sexiest man alive.
A volunteer firefighter has been killed in a crash while driving to a fire scene.
A volunteer firefighter has been killed while driving to a fire scene.
Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku says that he would be open to loan move after becoming frustrated at his lack of playing time for the club.
Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku says he would be open to loan move.
Juelz Santana was arrested Tuesday morning at his home in New Jersey, following an argument with police.
Juelz Santana was arrested, following an argument with police.
The latest poll is titled how many phones do you carry ?
How many phones do you carry.
Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight believes that Shiloh has a wonderful style and dressing sense even though she's just four.
Shiloh has a style.
Telecom Italia on Wednesday said it will cut 5,000 jobs through 2010, a move that will increase costs this year to yield savings of €300 million a year once the job reduction is complete, according to a Retuers report.
Telecom Italia will cut 5,000 jobs.
The Sluggers fell to Sandy Springs, who finished the tournament undefeated, 21-6 in the championship game.
The Sluggers fell in the championship game.
Webster Bank says it will close six branch offices across the state, but none of its local operations will be affected.
Webster Bank will close six branch offices.
The Commerce Department reported Thursday that new home sales rose 0.3% month-over-month in April to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 352,000 from a downwardly revised reading of 351,000 in March.
New home sales rose in April.
Iranian opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi said people have the right to protest against lies and fraud, according to a statement released on Sunday on the website of his newspaper Kalameh, AFP reports.
Mir Hossein Mousavi said people have the right to protest against lies and fraud.
Eight mountain rescuers, two of them being doctors, will join the operation of taking out the seven people trapped in a cave in the western municipality of Pernik, Mountain Rescue Service Director Kiril Rusev told FOCUS News Agency.
Eight mountain rescuers will join the operation of taking out the seven people trapped in a cave.
A six-hour standoff on the Capilano Reserve has ended peacefully with the suspect in a domestic assault case being escorted by police out of the RV that he had been holed up in for most of the day.
A standoff has ended peacefully.
A 21-year-old man was seriously injured when he crashed into a garage door early on Saturday morning, the police reported.
A man crashed into a garage door.
Kidnappers extended a Tuesday deadline for a ransom payment to free TV news anchor Ces Oreña Drilon and her cameraman kidnapped in Jolo, Sulu, a negotiator said.
Kidnappers extended a deadline.
Former US Sen. Rod Grams announced today that he's backing Tom Emmer for governor.
Rod Grams's backing Tom Emmer.
US investment banking giant Goldman Sachs will lay off around 230 employees for ``economic'' reasons, according to a notice submitted to the New York State Department of Labor .
Goldman Sachs will lay off around 230 employees.
US Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said on Friday that the US military will remain the world's strongest despite budgetary constraints, in order to confront threats that the US faces as a world leader.
The US military will remain the world strongest, in order to confront threats.
The Army has identified a soldier found dead at Fort Lee, but still hasn't determined his cause of death.
A soldier found dead at Fort Lee.
Buckingham Palace has confirmed that Prince Andrew will step down as trade envoy for the UK, although he will continue to support business and will take part in trade engagements if requested.
Prince Andrew will step down as trade envoy.
Markets rose for the third straight session on Wednesday, up 2% to their highest level in more than six months, as falling inflation bolstered appetite for shares in interest rate sensitive sectors such as banks, automobiles and infrastructure.
Markets rose, up 2%.
A recent study has shown that a bacterial protein may help cocaine addicts break the habit.
A bacterial protein may help cocaine addicts break.
Eon will cut 500 UK jobs as the company takes steps to streamline its operations both locally and internationally.
Eon will cut 500 jobs.
The major averages have slid firmly into negative territory, adding to the losses posted in the three previous sessions.
The major averages have slid firmly into negative territory.
Three Canadian soldiers were killed and one soldier injured after an improvised explosive device detonated near their vehicle, while on patrol, on Highway 1 in Zharey District around 10:30 am, Kandahar time, on August 20, 2008.
Three soldiers were killed.
The Federal Government has responded to comments made by a dentist from Narrandera; the Government confirmed that plans to include a new dental service in the area will still go ahead, after local dentist Iain Douglas criticised ministers for scrapping plans to include a new service in a multimillion dollar health clinic.
The Government confirmed plans to include a new dental service will go.
Lockerbie bomber Abdelbaset al-Megrahi has died in Libya at the age of 60, his family has said, almost three years after being freed on compassionate grounds.
Lockerbie bomber Abdelbaset al-Megrahi has died in Libya, his family has said.
A source told National Enquirer magazine: ``Katie treated herself to a lavish post-split pick me up shopping spree. She splurged on nearly $15,000 worth of sexy lingerie and undergarments alone.
Katie splurged on nearly $ of sexy lingerie.
The Philadelphia Inquirer launched Inquirer.com on Sunday, ending years of sharing its online identity, on Philly.com, with co-owned Philadelphia Daily News.
The Philadelphia Inquirer launched Inquirer.com.
With a particularly exceptional display in defence, the Robins sank the Mariners for a second successive FA Cup win in the North-East as they put the game to bed before half-time.
The Robins sank the Mariners.
MGM Mirage has added a gaming element to its international hotel development division.
MGM Mirage has added a gaming element to its international division.
QUALCOMM, San Diego, has been assigned a patent developed by Sanjeev Khushu, San Diego, Cormac S. Conroy, Campbell, Calif., and Leonid S. Sheynblat, Hillsborough, Calif., for an ``FM band availability based on GPS.''
QUALCOMM has been assigned a patent for an FM band availability based on GPS.
Defensive Coordinator Brian Stewart told FOX 26 Sports he is leaving the University of Houston to pursue other opportunities.
Brian Stewart told he is leaving the University of Houston.
Mitt Romney will fly to Tampa on Tuesday, the day delegates to the Republican National Convention are scheduled to nominate him as their presidential candidate and his wife, Ann, is slated to address the convention.
Mitt Romney will fly to Tampa on Tuesday.
Central security agencies sounded a general alert throughout Uttar Pradesh following intelligence input of a possible terror strike at places of large congregation.
Security agencies sounded a alert.
Comedian Russell Brand has announced that he and singer Katy Perry are to divorce after just 14 months of marriage.
Russell Brand and Katy Perry are to divorce.
Yann Danis picked up his third career shut out as the Islanders white washed the Sabres on Saturday night.
Yann Danis picked up his third career shut out.
Hundreds of Occupy Wall Street protestors flooded Liberty Square Wednesday in a march from Foley Square.
Hundreds of Occupy Wall Street protestors flooded Liberty Square.
A man has been booked for raping two minor girls who were working on his farm as labourers in Muluji-Chiroda village of Jamjodhpur taluka.
A man has been booked for raping two minor girls.
Obama also said the United States and China, two economically interlocked rivals, need not be adversaries, appealing to millions of Chinese Web surfers on the first day of his first visit to what he termed ``a majestic country''.
Obama said the United States and China need not be adversaries.
And just like that, Motorola has killed off the Lapdock.
Motorola has killed off the Lapdock.
An RNC vehicle struck a moose on Torbay Road just after 8 last evening just south of the old entrance to St.John's Airport.
An RNC vehicle struck a moose.
The crucial verdict of the Lok Ayuktha in the Kerala University assistants examination muddle is bound to shake the LDF, as it is a big jolt to the former government led by VS Achuthanandan.
The verdict is bound to shake the LDF, as it is.
Sheryl Crow pays tribute to the late Michael Jackson on her new album, and says he had a big influence on her music.
Sheryl Crow pays tribute to the Michael Jackson.
The Saucon Valley teachers union has decided not to strike Monday, the first day of the new school year, despite another fruitless round of contract negotiations.
The Saucon Valley teachers union has decided not to strike.
Spanish opera singer Jose Carreras, one of the famed ``Three Tenors'' along with Placido Domingo and Luciano Pavarotti, announced his retirement from opera in a newspaper interview published on Friday.
Opera singer Jose Carreras announced his retirement.
Spongebob Squarepants, the yellow cartoon character that stars in Nickelodean's TV show of the same name, is teaching children to save lives.
Spongebob Squarepants is teaching to save lives.
Japan asked Australia on Monday to accept Japan's high tariffs on rice and beef imports in negotiations on a free trade agreement, Japanese officials said.
Japan asked Australia to accept Japan's high tariffs on rice and beef imports.
Pakistani Prime Minister Syed Yousaf Raza Gilani said Wednesday Pakistan will send relief goods including medicines, blankets etc. to China for the earthquake affectees.
Pakistan will send relief goods, to China for the earthquake affectees.
Kolkata Knight Riders co-owner Shah Rukh Khan pleaded guilty in a Jaipur court on the charge of smoking in public during an IPL match.
Shah Rukh Khan pleaded guilty on the charge of smoking during an IPL match.
COCOA grindings in Malaysia will inch up in the current crop year as Asia's largest processor turns to beans from Africa and Papua New Guinea to compensate for supply woes in Indonesia, an industry official said on Tuesday.
COCOA grindings will inch up.
Lindsay Lohan has begun serving house arrest at her Venice, CA townhouse with an electronic monitoring program after being booked at 5:02 am this morning in Los Angeles.
Lindsay Lohan has begun serving house arrest.
Credit ratings agency Moody's Investors Service on Monday said it will review whether to lower key ratings for UBS AG, the huge Swiss bank that has been hit hard by the financial crisis and a US legal probe into its American clients' offshore accounts.Its shares fell 7 percent in afternoon trading.Moody's currently rates the senior debt and deposit ratings of UBS at ``Aa2.''
Moody's Investors Service will review to lower ratings for UBS AG.
You've seen which congressmen were frat boys, now find out which congresswomen pledged sororities during their college days.
Congresswomen pledged sororities.
I also like to watch the serial Friends and have bought the entire series.
I like to watch the Friends.
Taufeer.com, part of Taufeer Information Systems LLC, a leading IT and E-Commerce solutions and services provider, today announced the commercial launch of E-Channel, a comprehensive and fully managed e-commerce service for retailers across Saudi Arabia and the Middle East .
Taufeer.com, today announced the launch of E-Channel, a service for retailers.
DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. - Points leader Tony Stewart was awarded the pole for Saturday night's race at Daytona International Speedway, getting the top spot when rain washed out Sprint Cup qualifying.
Tony Stewart was awarded the pole, getting rain washed out qualifying.
Now that it has received rezoning approval, the Howard Hughes Corp. says it will move ahead with plans for a major revamp of Landmark Mall in Alexandria.
The Howard Hughes Corp. will move with plans for a revamp of Landmark Mall in Alexandria.
I have GMA x3000 onbaord graphics on my intel D965wh board..
I have GMA graphics.
The country gets into election gears for the first time since emergency was declared last year although major political parties are still tuned to the boycott mode even after the Election Commission declared poll schedules for city corporations and municipalities on June 20.
The country gets into election gears.
A new teaching guideline released Monday calls for high school English classes to be taught basically in English from the academic year beginning in April 2013.
A new guideline calls for high school English classes to be taught in English.
Contentious Taiwan media deal collapses A contentious bid by a pro-China businessman and three associates to acquire Taiwan's largest newspaper and an influential investigative journal has fallen through after protests that the deal threatened press freedom on the democratic island.
Contentious Taiwan media deal collapses.
Home exchange networks, which allow vacationers to swap houses without swapping any money, are growing as rapidly as travel budgets are shrinking.
Home exchange networks are growing as travel budgets are shrinking.
Forecasters say Rina has strengthened into a Category 2 hurricane off the coast of Honduras.
Rina has strengthened into a Category 2 hurricane.
Teton Energy Corporation announced today that it will be included in the Russell Microcap Index at the close of the market June 27, 2008.
Teton Energy Corporation announced it will be included in the Russell Microcap Index.
American radio / television personality Ryan Seacrest has renewed his deal with Fox Network to host American Idol for the next two seasons.
Ryan Seacrest has renewed his deal to host American Idol.
Wagner threw 10 pitches from flat ground, then took the mound in a 23-pitch bullpen session to minor league catcher Juan Centeno.
Wagner threw, took the mound.
The port of Douala, located in the West African country of Cameroon, will be receiving radiation detection equipment and a communications system to prevent nuclear smuggling.
The port of Douala will be receiving radiation detection equipment and a system to prevent nuclear smuggling.
Sparkpr, one of the largest independent technology public relations agencies in the US and the Holmes Report's Technology Consultancy of the Year, has opened a New York office that will enable the firm to be closer to existing and prospective clients in Silicon Alley as well as established consumer companies, a key growth area for the agency.
Sparkpr has opened a New York office.
Juan Formell, the well-known director of Los Van Van orchestra was rewarded with the Fame, a symbol of the city of Guantanamo in recognition of his contributions to Cuban music.
Juan Formell, was rewarded with the Fame, a symbol of the city of Guantanamo.
The St. Martin Parish School Board has voted unanimously to appeal a federal judge's ruling that could revive the parish's long-dormant school desegregation case.
The St. Martin Parish School Board has voted to appeal a federal judge's ruling that could revive the parish's desegregation case.
England will play a friendly against Ghana in March, and has pulled out of a proposed match against Thailand.
England will play a friendly against Ghana.
Rye Brook-based health and life insurer Universal American Corp., said this morning it reached a settlement with MemberHealth, a company it acquired last year.
Universal American Corp. reached a settlement.
Asian stock markets tumbled in early trading Monday as fresh worries over debt woes in Europe dampened sentiment across the region.
Asian stock markets tumbled in early trading as fresh worries over debt woes in Europe.
The Australian stock market was trading lower on Monday after the Wall Street closed with triple-digit losses on Friday, following disappointing personal income data and fears about the potential devastation from Hurricane Gustav.
The Australian market was trading lower.
The Town of McCool has issued a boil water notices for residents east of Highway 407.
The Town of McCool has issued a boil water notices.
A major NHS consultation to help shape the future of children's congenital heart services closes today with nearly 60,000 parents, children and health professionals around the country having had their say in how services should be provided in the future.
A consultation to help shape the future of children's congenital heart services closes.
Songwriter and former American Idol judge Kara DioGuardi reveals past sexual assaults in her new memoir, A Helluva High Note.
Kara DioGuardi reveals past sexual assaults in her new memoir.
The top Palestinian envoy to the US recently hosted longtime American journalist Helen Thomas at his Washington residence and honoured her for taking a tough stand against Israeli occupation, a senior Palestinian official said Tuesday.
The Palestinian envoy to the US hosted journalist Helen Thomas and honoured for taking a stand against occupation.
On May 18, 2011, President Obama issued Executive Order 13573, 76 FR 29143, imposing sanctions against the Assad regime in Syria in response to its crackdown of dissidents during the ongoing uprising in the country.
President Obama issued Executive Order 13573 imposing sanctions against the Assad regime in Syria.
Pakistani ghazal singer Ghulam Ali says he will pay a tribute to late ghazal maestro Jagjit Singh on the latter's birth anniversary on February 8 next year.
Ghulam Ali will pay a tribute to Jagjit Singh.
Bruno Senna says he is aiming to make his own name in Formula 1 from next year, when the Brazilian will make his grand prix debut with the Campos Meta team.
Bruno Senna is aiming to make his own name in Formula 1.
In a bid to enhance bilateral ties, President Asif Ali Zardari will be leaving for Myanmar on Tuesday for a two-day official visit.
President Asif Ali Zardari will be leaving for Myanmar.
Senator Barack Obama cut short an appearance at a Labor Day rally here, calling for a moment of silence for those in the path of Hurricane Gustav.
Barack Obama cut short an appearance at a rally, calling for a moment of silence.
A new poll shows Governor Scott Walker with a lead in the gubernatorial recall race after Tuesday's primary.
A new poll shows Scott Walker with a lead in the gubernatorial recall race.
Kedah local authority employees have been urged to use the suggestion box at their offices to voice their opinion on ways to improve the local government.
Kedah local authority employees have been urged to use the suggestion box to voice their opinion.
A Littlehampton animal rights activist known as 'Mumsy' has been jailed for six years for a shocking campaign of intimidation against an animal testing lab.
A Littlehampton animal rights activist has been jailed for six years for a campaign of intimidation.
Syrian tourism to Turkey has skyrocketed by 97 percent over the past two months, following an agreement between the two countries to ease visa requirements in mutual visits.
Syrian tourism to Turkey has skyrocketed.
Powerball winners who won half a $587 million jackpot in November have been giving back to their local community in a big way.
Powerball winners have been giving back.
LivingSocial, the fast-growing daily deals site headquartered in Washington, lost $558 million on revenue of $245 million in 2011, according to a regulatory filing by Amazon.com, which owns almost a third of the company.
LivingSocial lost $ 558 million in 2011.
Brazilian President-elect Dilma Rousseff said Friday that her election victory shows Brazilians want change.
Brazilians want change.
Affiliated Managers Group Inc. agreed to buy a majority stake in asset manager Aston Asset Management LLC for about $113 million in stock.
Affiliated Managers Group Inc. agreed to buy a majority stake in Aston Asset Management LLC.
Federal Minister for Parliamentary Affairs, Babar Awan has said that PML-Q wanted to divert the attention of house from the Musharraf trail and punishment by tabling non-issues.
PML-Q wanted to divert the attention of house from the Musharraf trail by tabling non-issues.
E-coli levels at the Lake of the Ozarks are coming down.
E-coli levels are coming down.
The Kansas City Board of Trade cleared its first cleared-only wheat calendar swaps yesterday.
The Kansas City Board of Trade cleared its first wheat calendar swaps.
A man wearing a ski mask robbed an eastern Kanawha County convenience store early Sunday morning at gunpoint.
A man wearing a ski mask robbed an convenience store.
Cybercrime detection techniques need to improve globally, according to Bryan Sartin, Director, Investigative Response, Verizon.
Cybercrime detection techniques need to improve.
India gold futures extended losses on Friday due to pressure by higher equity markets and a strong dollar overseas.
India gold futures extended losses.
LADY Gaga is known for her outrageous outfits, but this was one fashion faux pas she really didn't want to make -- she accidentally called American Vogue editor Anna Wintour a ``bitch''.
LADY Gaga accidentally called Anna Wintour a bitch.
General Mills - the owner of Wheaties, Betty Crocker, Green Giant and other iconic American brands - said Thursday it opposes a proposed Minnesota constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage, the largest company in the state to come out against the measure so far.
General Mills opposes a amendment to ban gay marriage.
A new 78-bed care home has been opened in Guildford by Anne Milton MP for Guildford as the first residents prepare to move in tomorrow, Thursday 23 August.
A new care home has been opened in Guildford.
Houston coach Kevin Sumlin is deflecting questions about his future, saying he's had conversations with athletics director Mack Rhoades about a possible contract extension.
Kevin Sumlin is deflecting questions about his future.
Opec is working hard to bring down oil prices that jumped towards $130 a barrel earlier this year, its secretary-general said yesterday, and is pumping much more than its official target even as exports from group member Iran dwindle.
Opec is working hard to bring down prices.
Federal Interior Minister Rehman Malik ruled out talks with Taliban and asked the misguided youth to adopt the right course.
Rehman Malik ruled out talks with Taliban.
School of the Osage will continue to have the lowest tax levy of any public school district in the state.
School of the Osage will continue to have the lowest tax levy of any district in the state.
Over the weekend, more than 400 Occupy Oakland protesters were arrested during violent clashes with police.
More than 400 Occupy Oakland protesters were arrested.
Bangladesh security forces have detained 42 troops suspected of involvement in a mutiny which killed at least 57 army officers at the Dhaka headquarters of a paramilitary unit last month, police said on Saturday.
Bangladesh forces have detained 42 troops.
A Pinson woman died Friday night in a traffic accident while on her way home from watching fireworks.
A Pinson woman died in a traffic accident.
Many past studies may have overestimated human generosity, if a new piece of research is any clue.
Studies may have overestimated generosity.
A federal judge says he wants to see changes to how Wisconsin will deal with overseas and military voters before he signs off on an agreement the state reached with the US Department of Justice.
A judge says he wants to see changes to how Wisconsin will deal with voters.
Minister for Information and Broadcasting Qamar Zaman Kaira on Monday said that people representatives would decide about GST reform and flood taxes.Addressing a press conference along with Hafeez Sheikh here, he said GST reform was the part of budget document presented this year which was delayed for more deliberations with different stake holders.The GST reform has also been approved by the Cabinet and Council of Common Interest.Kaira recalled that all the chief ministers have also approved GST reforms.
People representatives would decide about GST reform.
After defending his paper's Internet presence, Keller found a blog he actually likes, praising left-wing blogger-journalist Josh Marshall, who operates the Talking Points Memo blog.
Keller found a blog he likes.
The iPad Mini release date might have been pushed back for the LTE model, as many customers who pre-ordered the device have not been given a specific date for shipping.
The iPad Mini release date might have been pushed back for the LTE model.
/ Jake Roth, USA TODAY Sports by USA TODAY by USA TODAY Jail records show that Los Angeles Dodgers prospect Yasiel Puig was arrested in Tennessee on charges of reckless driving, speeding and driving without proof of insurance.
Los Angeles Dodgers prospect Yasiel Puig was arrested in Tennessee.
The ratio of home price to income in Beijing is now 27 to 1, five times the international average, according to a real estate agency, which made the calculation based on government statistics.
The ratio of home price to income in Beijing is now 27 to 1.
With 'Good Time,' he returns to his bread-and-butter sound of traditional country music.
He returns to his sound of traditional country music.
SYRIA has admitted shooting down a Turkish fighter jet that had entered their territory, as Turkey said it would take ``necessary steps'' once it had established all the facts.
SYRIA has admitted shooting down a Turkish jet.
Clayton hasn't been seen much in Bristol since then, limiting his exposure to face-frontal shots via satellite, but tonight he made a rare studio appearance in which we see that he does not have the rumored ponytail--but he does have the makings of a mullet, or at least what would be a mullet if he had any more hair.
Clayton does not have the ponytail -- but he does have the makings of a mullet.
Stevie Nicks has released her seventh studio album In Your Dreams.
Stevie Nicks has released In Your Dreams.
JUDICIAL officers and staff are to be trained under a programme funded by a Netherlands organisation.
JUDICIAL officers are to be trained.
Airline stocks were up Thursday morning with the wider market.
Airline stocks were with the wider market.
Tony Gonzalez may delay his retirement in order to play one more season with the Atlanta Falcons.
Tony Gonzalez may delay in order to play one season.
Former Republic of Ireland manager Jack Charlton is recovering today after being taken to hospital after collapsing during a family holiday in Spain.
Republic of Jack Charlton is recovering after being taken after collapsing during a holiday in Spain.
Workers have begin hoisting the submerged US Airways plane from the Hudson River.
Workers have begin hoisting the plane from the Hudson River.
Country music star Randy Travis, who pleaded no contest to public intoxication following the Super Bowl in February, was arrested again Tuesday after being found naked, smelling apparently of alcohol and lying on a remote stretch of roadway in northern Texas just before midnight, authorities said.
Country music star Randy Travis was arrested.
Peter Coe, the father of two-time Olympic champion Sebastian Coe, died Saturday after a short illness.
Peter Coe, the father of champion Sebastian Coe, died.
Adult Swim has renewed Rob Corddry's comedy series Childrens Hospital for a fourth season with a 14-episode order.
Adult Swim has renewed Childrens Hospital for a fourth season.
Dan Forsman won the season-opening Mitsubishi Electric Championship for his third Champions Tour title, closing with a 3-under 69 in windy conditions for a two-stroke victory over Jay Don Blake.
Dan Forsman won for his Champions Tour title.
A federal judge relieved Sapp of his debt by discharging him from his bankruptcy case.
A judge relieved Sapp by discharging from his bankruptcy case.
Hollywood actress Ashley Judd has enrolled at America's prestigious Harvard University - to study public administration.
Ashley Judd has enrolled at America's Harvard University.
The Crestron iPaneL™ turns any iPad™ into a powerful, 2-way wireless Crestron touch panel.
The Crestron iPaneL ™ turns any iPad ™ into a, Crestron touch panel.
Russell Crowe allegedly threatened to kill one of the producers working on his blockbuster Gladiator over a pay dispute, according to a new tell-all book.
Russell Crowe threatened to kill one of the producers.
Islamabad, May 23 Pakistan has released 96 Indian fishermen two days after both countries inked an agreement on consular access to prisoners, jail officials said Friday.
Pakistan has released 96 Indian fishermen.
Two soldiers from California were killed in Afghanistan when their vehicle was attacked with an improvised explosive device, the Pentagon announced Friday.
Two soldiers from California were killed in Afghanistan.
Hollywood actress Susan Sarandon called Pope Benedict XVI a ``Nazi.''
Susan Sarandon called Pope Benedict XVI a Nazi.
Sony has been approached by three investment banks to sell its battery business in order to generate funds.
Sony has been approached to sell its battery business.
NY targets smoking, obesity to curb cancer The state's five-year plan for fighting cancer targets smoking, poor nutrition and obesity to limit the disease that is now diagnosed in more than 100,000 New Yorkers annually while killing about 35,000.
NY targets smoking, obesity to curb cancer.
Thandie Newton, Julia Roberts and Lara Stone have all signed on the dotted line to become the faces of three of our favourite beauty brands.
Thandie Newton, Julia Roberts and Lara Stone have signed to become the faces of three of our beauty brands.
Minnesota Wild defenseman Nate Prosser has been suspended for one game for headbutting Blackhawks forward Jamal Mayers.
Nate Prosser has been suspended for one game.
The Third Street Southeast railroad crossing will be closed today to allow for median construction for the downtown quiet zone, according to Interstate Engineering.
The railroad crossing will be closed today.
Comcast launched broadband wireless service in Portland today.
Comcast launched wireless service.
The demand for commercial vehicles continued to slow in June 2008, according to figures from vehicle auction company, BCA.
The demand for commercial vehicles continued to slow.
In spite of being located no less than 93 million miles away from Earth, the Sun appears to be influencing the decay of radioactive elements inside research labs on the planet.
The Sun appears to be influencing the decay of radioactive elements.
In an interview, Strauss-Kahn confirmed reports this week that the global growth forecast would be lowered from a prior estimate of 4.1 percent.
The global growth forecast would be lowered.
The Palestinian Hamas movement called for an escalation of Internet hacking against Israel, saluting Arab programmers who have managed to infiltrate Israeli computer systems.
The Hamas movement called for an escalation of Internet hacking against Israel.
An El Paso man was sentenced to nearly 22 years in federal prison for drug trafficking, Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials said.
An man was sentenced to nearly 22 years in prison for drug trafficking, said.
Sandoz, a subsidiary of pharmaceutical company Novartis, is voluntarily recalling 10 lots of its generic Introvale birth control due to an incorrectly placed placebo pills.
Sandoz is voluntarily recalling 10 lots of its birth control due to an pills.
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. \u0026 LIBERTYVILLE, Ill.---Google Inc. and Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc. today announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which Google will acquire Motorola Mobility for $40.00 per share in cash, or a total of about $12.5 billion, a premium of 63% to the closing price of Motorola Mobility shares on Friday, August 12, 2011.
Google will acquire Motorola Mobility.
US Representative Martha Roby confirmed Friday that the air traffic control tower at the Dothan Regional Airport will remain open thanks to recently-enacted legislation granting more funding flexibility to the Federal Aviation Administration.
The air traffic control tower at the Dothan Regional Airport will remain open thanks.
Online video service Hulu is launching in Japan later this year, marking the company's first international launch.
Hulu is launching in Japan.
The Romanian car market was the second worst performer in the EU, falling by 42.3 percent last month, just ahead of Greece, where registrations plummeted by 46.7 percent, according to the European Manufacturer's Association.
The Romanian car market was the second worst performer in the EU.
A grammar school teacher has been personally honoured by the Queen for service to the monarchy.
A grammar school teacher has been personally honoured by the Queen.
- Tokyo, July 30, 2008 - NEC Corporation announced today that it has established an LTE demonstration center at its Tamagawa offices for customers planning to install LTE systems.
NEC Corporation has established an LTE demonstration center.
After staying as a vegan for a long time and maintaining her stunning looks, Angelina Jolie now thinks that vegan diet nearly killed her.
Angelina Jolie thinks vegan diet killed.
Italy recalled its ambassador to Syria on Tuesday to protest the repression of anti-government demonstrations, urging other European nations do the same, and Russia said it would not oppose a UN resolution to condemn the violence.
Italy recalled its ambassador to Syria.
UFC Heavyweight Champion Brock Lesnar is set to return to the UFC after a long battle that nearly cost his life, not to mention his career.
Heavyweight Champion Brock Lesnar is set to return to the UFC.
A millionaire from Birmingham is looking for a wife, and you can apply.
A millionaire is looking for a wife.
United Soccer Leagues is pleased to announce that the Panama City Beach Pirates will join the PDL for the 2012 season.
The Panama City Beach Pirates will join the PDL.
California lawmakers have made headway on a budget package aimed at closing the state's $26.6 billion deficit, but two of the plan's most contentious elements remain undecided.
Lawmakers have made headway on a budget package.
The FBI is reportedly planning to close the file on DB Cooper, forty years after the still-unidentified individual staged a daring mid-air escape following a hijacking incident.
The FBI is reportedly planning to close the file on DB Cooper.
Nearly one in eight US households had an unemployed family member last year, dismal evidence of the nation's still slackening job market, a Labor Department report revealed on Thursday, Xinhua informed.
Nearly one in eight US households had an unemployed family member.
There's growing speculation that Tyler is leaving Aerosmith to start a solo career.Perry said on the micro-blogging site Twitter late Monday that Aerosmith is ``not splitting up'' but ``looking for a new singer to work with'' amid growing speculation about the future of the band and the role of front man Steven Tyler.
Tyler is leaving Aerosmith.
Volkswagen has announced that it will hike the price of the Polo hatchback and Vento Sedan by up to 2.27 per cent with effect from January 28.
Volkswagen will hike the price of the Polo hatchback and Vento Sedan.
A VIDEO footage of a snatch theft that happened at shocking speed in Section 16 here has gone viral on social networking websites after it was uploaded on YouTube last week.
A VIDEO footage of a snatch theft has gone viral.
On Daybreak, we will celebrate Earth Day all week, starting Monday, April 16 through April 20, 6-9am.
On Daybreak, we will celebrate Earth Day.
California's biggest state worker union tentatively agreed to a plan where covered workers will take 12 unpaid days of leave over 12 months starting July 1.
California's state worker union agreed to a plan workers will take 12 unpaid days of leave over 12 months.
In a 911 call released Wednesday, one of Kaleb Langdale's friends told the dispatcher that ``a gator just got my friend'' and the teen's arm wasn't attached.
In a 911 call, told a gator just got my friend.
Two Norwich police officers were injured in crash Thursday in the area of Prospect and 10th streets, officials said.
Two Norwich officers were injured in crash.
``Indian stock market is likely to remain volatile. India`s food inflation came in at 3.36% YoY for the week ended Dec. 24, 2011. This should allow the RBI to start cutting interest rates from March 2012. If growth surprises to the downside, rate cuts could come even earlier. The movement of rupee will be a key issue to watch. Volatility of global crude prices will have a strong impact in deciding the course of the market,`` said Microsec Research.
Market is likely to remain volatile.
A DRUGS bust took a bizarre twist when a police sniffer dog ate a pet hamster, a court was told.
A police sniffer dog ate a hamster.
The US on Tuesday asked India not to talk about ``unconditional'' waiver from Nuclear Suppliers Group as it was ``provocative'' ahead of the meeting of the 45-nation grouping.
The US asked India not to talk about unconditional waiver.
As US lawmakers passed Pakistan aid cut bill in House of Representatives on Wednesday, Islamabad has warned that the United States will be responsible for defeat in decade-long war on terror.
The United States will be responsible for defeat in war on terror.
GROSVENOR, a London-based private fund firm, said it plans to sell its two residential assets in Shanghai and switch its focus to commercial property in pursuit of better cash flow and yields.
GROSVENOR plans to sell and switch to commercial property.
A New York congressman resigned Wednesday after a shirtless photo surfaced of him online.
A New York congressman resigned after a shirtless photo surfaced.
He specially arrived here to console Kumar.
He arrived to console Kumar.
Electronic Arts Inc. said Monday it will stand behind Tiger Woods -- at least for the release of a new online golf game featuring the embattled athlete.
Electronic Arts Inc. said it will stand behind Tiger Woods.
Thornburg Mortgage Inc , a specialist in jumbo home loans that nearly collapsed in March, on Thursday posted a $3.31 billion first-quarter loss as the value of securities it owns declined.
Thornburg Mortgage Inc posted a $ 3.31 billion loss.
Police have warned a footballer not to run through a seaside town in his underpants after hearing about a lost bet.
Police have warned a footballer not to run through a seaside town in his underpants.
There is a rumor on the web that President Obama ``violated someone's private parts'', after an anonymously statement from the White House.Let's say for now that we can't know everything for sure, because nowadays you can see celebrity death hoaxes or other sorts of pranks almost every day.
Obama violated someone's private parts.
The Commonwealth Games will go ahead in India in 2010 despite heightened security concerns in the wake of the attack on the Sri Lankan cricket team in neighbouring Pakistan, the chief executive of the Commonwealth Games Federation said yesterday.
The Commonwealth Games will go ahead in India.
A woman accused of planting a dead lab rat in restaurant food and demanding $500,000 to keep quiet was charged Monday with one felony count of extortion.
A woman accused of planting a rat in food and demanding $ 500,000 was charged.
Scottish champion Rangers was forced to seek bankruptcy protection on Tuesday after a financial meltdown, triggering a 10-point deduction for the 140-year-old club and effectively handing the title to Celtic.
Scottish champion Rangers was forced to seek bankruptcy protection.
Lawyers may be forced to cut fees on successful libel cases against media groups by 90%, the Ministry of Justice has said.
Lawyers may be forced to cut fees.
From September 12 to 16, a number of children from economically disadvantaged families in Columbus, Ohio will be eligible to receive discounted dental and oral health care.
A number of children from disadvantaged families in Columbus, Ohio will be eligible to receive discounted dental care.
``The Dark Knight Rises,'' the third installment in Christopher Nolan's Batman film series, opens at the IMAX Theater at the Maritime Aquarium at Norwalk with a special midnight showing on Friday, July 20.
The Dark Knight Rises opens at the IMAX Theater at the Maritime Aquarium.
Hong Kong shares ended Thursday flat, shrugging off a fall in shares in China, as investor sentiment stabilized after recent volatility.
Hong Kong shares ended flat.
Mayor Tom Richards announced Thursday that the United States Marine Band will perform in Rochester on Sunday, October 7th.
The United States Marine Band will perform in Rochester.
Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney on Thursday continued to react to criticism about his tax returns from Democrats, stating that he never paid less than 13 percent in taxes during a news conference in South Carolina.
Mitt Romney never paid less than 13 percent.
What I haven't talked about as much is who owns your company's brand.
Who owns your company's brand.
BOTHWELL badminton star Kirsty Gilmour has been tipped for the top by key figures in the game.
BOTHWELL badminton star Kirsty Gilmour has been tipped for the top.
BreakingDC_News More US women pull down big bucks:
More US women pull down big bucks.
Don Meredith, one of the most recognizable figures of the early Dallas Cowboys and an original member of ABC's ``Monday Night Football'' broadcast team, died Sunday.
Don Meredith died.
Former President George HW Bush will endorse Mitt Romney as the Republican's answer to President Barack Obama in the presidential primary, according to reports.
George HW Bush will endorse Mitt Romney.
Presumptive Republican presidential nominee John McCain announced today that he planned to visit flood-damaged eastern Iowa Thursday, making an impromptu stop en route to Minnesota and overlapping with President Bush's visit to the disaster area.
John McCain planned to visit eastern Iowa Thursday.
A glass or two of champagne is good for heart and blood circulation, say researchers.
A glass of champagne is good for heart.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said Thursday that he was expelling the US ambassador in the latest escalation of tensions between Washington and Latin American leftists.
Hugo Chavez was expelling the US ambassador.
Researchers at the University of Michigan have evidence that a single gene controls both halves of nerve cells, and their research demonstrates the need to consider that design in the development of new treatments for regeneration of nerve cells.
A gene controls, and their research demonstrates the need to consider in the development of new treatments for regeneration of nerve cells.
Oil tumbled below $44 a barrel Thursday to levels last seen nearly four years ago as unemployment benefit claims hit a 26-year high and major companies announced more job cuts.
Oil tumbled below $ 44 a barrel.
England's Laura Davies won the Ladies German Open for her 74th worldwide title, closing with a 4-under 68 on Sunday in windy and cold conditions for a two-stroke victory over compatriot Melissa Reid.
England's Laura Davies won the Ladies German Open.
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee on Monday said disinvestment is ``a problematic area'', however the government would take all measures that are needed to boost the economy.
Disinvestment is a problematic area.
ARY-GENERAL Ban Ki-moon responded to Norwegian criticism of his leadership on Monday by saying he had his own style and charisma.
Ban Ki-moon had his own style.
New York, Oct 30 Credit card company American Express said Thursday it would cut 7,000 jobs, or nearly 10 percent of its workforce, amid rising defaults on payments.
American Express would cut 7,000 jobs.
A 20-year-old Nickerson man and the horse he was riding have drowned while herding cattle.
A Nickerson man have drowned while herding cattle.
MFA Oil Co. may shut down its transportation division and would use the resources to focus on retail, Tom May, director of marketing for the Columbia, Mo.
MFA Oil Co. may shut down its transportation division.
A local court on Friday declined bail to Sri Ram Sene chief Pramod Muthalik, who was arrested in connection with Saturday's attack on a pub here.
A local court declined bail to Pramod Muthalik.
EpiCept has initiated post-approval clinical study with Ceplene, following Ethics Committee and Competent Authority approvals in Sweden, Belgium, and France.
EpiCept has initiated post-approval clinical study with Ceplene.
Louisville Metro Police are investigating the slaying of an elderly Louisville man.
Louisville Metro Police are investigating the slaying.
Medical providers and staff read the book ``Corduroy'' to patients in the Grider Street waiting room.
Medical providers read to patients.
Eighteen Tanzanian media houses on Sunday launched HIV/AIDS workplace policies in response to news from the Tanzania Health Index Survey that the country could lose 9% of its most economically productive population to the disease by 2020, the Tanzania Daily News reports.
Eighteen Tanzanian media houses launched HIV / AIDS workplace policies.
International journalists in China said Monday that their Google email accounts have been hacked in attacks similar to the ones against human rights activists that the search giant cited as a reason for considering pulling out of the country.
Journalists in China said their email accounts have been hacked.
The search is on to identify the woman whose skeletal remains was found in Ord Bend Park on Friday.
Whose skeletal remains was found in Ord Bend Park.
Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono on Sunday urged political parties in his country to work together and avoid sacrificing national unity, according to media reports.
Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono urged political parties to work together.
Australia will vote no on Palestinian statehood at the United Nations, Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard said on Wednesday, according to the Sydney Morning Herald.
Australia will vote on Palestinian statehood.
Barrick Gold Corp will lay off up to a third of its corporate staff at its headquarters in Toronto and other offices, sources said, as the world's top bullion producer intensifies a downsizing plan amid a slump in the price of gold.
Barrick Gold Corp will lay off up to a third of its corporate staff, sources said.
Speculation is rife whether Team Anna will campaign with yoga guru Baba Ramdev in the forthcoming Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections.
Team Anna will campaign with Baba Ramdev.
A Pakistan court on Wednesday freed a CIA contractor accused of double murder after $2 million in blood money was paid to the families of the dead, ending a damaging row with the United States.
A Pakistan court freed a CIA contractor accused of murder.
R.Madhavan we hear is taking paint job lessons and no he isn't going the MF Hussain way.
R.Madhavan is taking paint lessons.
A US military tanker refueling plane crashed Friday in the rugged mountains of Kyrgyzstan, the Central Asian nation where the US operates a military base key to the war in Afghanistan.
A US military tanker plane crashed in the mountains of Kyrgyzstan.
Vice President Joe Biden really knows how to work a crowd.
Joe Biden knows how to work a crowd.
A Powerball® ticket worth $200,000 sold in Covington on Nov. 29 remains unclaimed and is going to expire soon.
A Powerball ® ticket worth $ 200,000 remains unclaimed.
Lucknow, Dec 25 Three forest officials were suspended Saturday for illegally cutting down 70 trees from the Katarniaghat forest range in Uttar Pradesh, the authorities said.
Lucknow, 25 Three officials were suspended for cutting down 70 trees.
Former telecom minister A. Raja, a key accused in the 2G spectrum allocation scam case, Friday met his DMK party resident M. Karunanidhi, who said Raja would continue to be in the party and politics.
Raja would continue to be in the party and politics.
German automaker Daimler said Wednesday that it swung to a second-quarter net loss of 1.1 billion euros.
Daimler swung to a loss.
More than 40 workers were poisoned in a hydrochloric acid leak in a south China factory, local authorities said on Sunday.
More than 40 workers were poisoned in a hydrochloric acid leak.
PHOENIX - DMX has been released from a Phoenix jail after serving a 90-day sentence for felony convictions.
DMX has been released from a Phoenix jail.
The National Party has selected a woman lawyer and farmer, Amy Adams, to contest the Selwyn seat in this year's election.
The National Party has selected a woman lawyer and farmer to contest the Selwyn seat.
Disney is set to launch a 3D phone in Japan, calling on the company's strong brand presence to entice consumers into buying 3D technology to experience 3D content on the move.
Disney is set to launch a 3D phone.
Google Inc. launching a digital music store to go head to head with Apple Inc.'s iTunes store is a tale of the boy who cried wolf.
Google Inc. launching a digital music store is.
Representative Scott DesJarlais, MD released the following statement after voting against legislation that would raise the debt limit.
Representative Scott DesJarlais, MD released after voting against legislation that would raise the debt limit.
STOCKHOLM, Sweden Governments across Europe scrambled to save failing banks on Sunday, working largely on their own a day after leaders of the continent's four biggest economies called for tighter regulation and coordinated response to the global meltdown.
Governments across Europe scrambled to save failing banks.
Bank of America Corp, the largest US bank, said on Monday credit card defaults inched up in July, as more Americans lost jobs and many continued to struggle to pay their debts.
Bank of America Corp said on credit card defaults inched up.
GE Fanuc Intelligent Platforms, a unit of GE Enterprise Solutions, on May 12 announced that it had secured an order worth $1.1 million from prime contractor Aselsan for a complete rugged signal processor subsystem to be included in a Synthetic Aperture Radio system for the Turkish Armed Forces.
GE Fanuc Intelligent Platforms had secured an order worth $ from Aselsan for a rugged signal processor subsystem.
Prominent regional constitutional lawyer, Anthony Astaphan, said PAM breached constitutional principals by enjoining the Federation's Governor General into the boundary change court proceedings.
PAM breached constitutional principals.
Nassau County on Wednesday closed 19 beaches to swimming as a precautionary measure following the latest batch of heavy rain, the health department said.
Nassau County closed 19 beaches to swimming following the batch of heavy rain.
State Sen. Bruce Whitehead spent the day in Montrose on Friday, speaking with constituents, visiting a nonprofit and strolling down Main Street downtown.
State Sen. Bruce Whitehead spent the day in Montrose.
San Diego Padres catcher Gregg Zaun is retiring after 16 major league seasons.
Catcher Gregg Zaun is retiring.
Havana, Sep 24 Cuban leader Fidel Castro has praised US President Barack Obama for taking a ``courageous'' stand on climate change, but added it was not right that Obama tried to make people believe that humanity could survive under the laws of capitalism.
Fidel Castro has praised Barack Obama for taking a courageous stand on climate change.
An Oklahoma City day care worker has been diagnosed with bacterial meningitis, a representative of the day care center confirmed.
An day care worker has been diagnosed with meningitis.
``What doesn't kill you makes you stronger,'' the first American Idol brags in her latest top 10 hit.
What doesn't kill.
Veteran actress LANA WOOD was hospitalised on Tuesday night after reportedly suffering a severe allergic reaction.
LANA WOOD was hospitalised after suffering a allergic reaction.
Auto approval rates have improved over the last year for customers regardless of their credit rating.
Auto approval rates have improved.
In a personal exchange with Mr Obama from CBS News' town hall special, she explained her situation to him and asked him, 'What would you do, if you were me?'
She explained and asked, What would you do, if you were.
Pakistan made an offer of nuclear fuel services at the two-day Nuclear Security summit which concluded in Washington on Tuesday.
Pakistan made an offer of nuclear fuel services.
Chloë Grace Moretz has revealed that she was initially told she was ``too pretty'' to star in Carrie.
Chloë Grace Moretz was told she was too pretty to star in Carrie.
Hollywood actress Whoopi Goldberg wants her friends to stop her if she ever decides to marry again.
Actress Whoopi Goldberg wants her friends to stop if she decides to marry.
Science Writer How sweet it isn't:
Writer How sweet it isn't.
Taipei, April 29 The GreTai Securities Market, which operates Taiwan's over-the-counter market, said Friday it will hold two investor conferences in early May to boost visibility of the companies listed on the OTC bourse.
The GreTai Securities Market will hold two investor conferences in early May.
Starbucks is now the no. 3 largest-selling chain restaurant in the United States, trailing only perennial no. 1 McDonald's and relative podium newcomer Subway, according to the latest rankings of the top 500 selling chain restaurants in the nation.
Starbucks is now the no. 3 chain restaurant.
An explosive device was found at Tulsa International Airport Wednesday afternoon, according to the Transportation Security Administration.
An explosive device was found at Tulsa International Airport.
India's annual inflation based on wholesale prices could hit 6 percent by March, above the Reserve Bank's July forecast of around 5 percent, a deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of India said on Friday.
India's inflation could hit 6 percent by March.
A WIRRAL man has appeared in crown court charged with the attempted hammer murder of his mother.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of his mother.
Marc Garneau dropped out of the federal Liberal leadership race Wednesday and threw his support to front-runner Justin Trudeau, declaring the outcome ``a fait accompli.''
Marc Garneau dropped out of the Liberal leadership race and threw his support to Justin Trudeau.
Funeral services were held for a Unified firefighter killed in a car crash up Parley's Canyon.
Funeral services were held for a firefighter killed in a car crash.
Socceroos delay squad announcement Updated: 14:39, Wednesday August 29, 2012 Socceroos coach Holger Osieck has delayed naming his squad while checks are made on the fitness of players in action in Europe overnight.
Socceroos delay squad announcement.
After a lull of 24-hours, two more cardiac patients affected by spurious medicines died at the Services Hospital on Saturday.
Two more cardiac patients died.
Reports filed with the FEC for the six weeks ending last Wednesday show Rep. Bill Pascrell raised and spent more than Rep. Steve Rothman for their fight for the Democratic nomination in New Jersey's 9th District.
Bill Pascrell raised and spent more than Steve Rothman.
The Union Council level of the Punjab Youth Festival 2012 concluded on Tuesday registering record participation in the second round too after a successful first round that also gathered record turnover.
The Union Council level concluded registering record participation.
India lives in the most ``troubled neighbourhood'' in the world, Home Minister P. Chidambaram said on Saturday and asked security forces to raise the vigil along the country's borders.
India lives in the most troubled neighbourhood.
CEO of Level 3 Communications Inc. James Q Crowe sells 2,000,000 shares of LVLT on 08/25/2010 at an average price of $1.05 a share.
James Q Crowe sells 2,000,000 shares of LVLT.
Pop star Dev is pregnant!
Dev is pregnant.
SIAN O'Callaghan is thought to have died from head injuries, a coroner revealed yesterday.
SIAN O'Callaghan is thought to have died from head injuries.
The ANC on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the IEC about violence in Nongoma, which the party claimed was perpetrated by IFP supporters.
The ANC lodged a complaint with the IEC.
Petitions to secede from the Union are in full force since President Obama was re-elected on Nov. 6.
Petitions to secede from the Union are.
PLASHET were pipped at the post by Phoenix in what was an exciting East Ham \u0026 District Triples Final, played at Salamander.
PLASHET were pipped at the post, played.
THQ announces that All Star Cheer Squad, the first-ever cheerleading video game, is currently in development to make its scheduled debut exclusively for Wii and Nintendo DS this fall.
THQ announces All Star Cheer Squad is to make its debut for Wii and Nintendo DS.
Housing starts in South Florida likely have hit bottom, though they remain far lower than they were prior to the housing boom, the Metrostudy research firm said Tuesday.
Housing starts in South Florida have hit bottom the firm said.
Jarrid Famous scored 15 points and grabbed six rebounds, leading South Florida to a 61-49 victory over Auburn on Wednesday night.
Jarrid Famous scored and grabbed, leading South Florida to a 61 49 victory over Auburn.
Industries Minister Elamaram Kareem has said that regularisation of the appointment of Kerala State Handicrafts Development Corporation managing director S Somanathan Pillai has been stalled since he is facing a vigilance investigation.
Regularisation of the appointment has been stalled.
Former French President Jacques Chirac has been found guilty in a long-running corruption case.
Former French President Jacques Chirac has been found guilty in a corruption case.
Spoken Communications, the provider of an enterprise cloud platform for contact centers, has acquired HyperQuality, provider of third-party quality assurance and business intelligence for contact centers.
Spoken Communications has acquired HyperQuality.
A former Iowa City school counselor has pleaded not guilty to a charge that he sexually abused a fifth-grade boy.
A former school counselor has pleaded not guilty to a charge he abused.
Mumbai, Oct 26 Academy Award winning Hollywood filmmaker Oliver Stone, who is currently working on a 12-hour documentary on US history, Tuesday said that he loved the flexibility of Indian cinema to switch from musicals to tragedies.
Oliver Stone loved the flexibility of Indian cinema.
Apple Inc just revealed their new digital textbook service called iBooks 2.
Apple Inc revealed their digital textbook service called.
Demand for German housing is gaining further momentum, with prices for existing apartments rising by 8% last year -- a trend set to continue.
Demand for German housing is gaining momentum.
REPORTER Wednesday, 08 May 2013 Rob Kardashian has been charged with petty theft and battery.
Wednesday, Rob Kardashian has been charged with theft and battery.
Microsoft appears to be snooping into Skype messages for security reasons, according to a recent report.
Microsoft appears to be snooping into Skype messages.
A British missionary has been killed in Kenya during a robbery, the Foreign Office said.
A British missionary has been killed.
EU foreign ministers meet today in Brussels to discuss whether to unlock an interim trade deal with Serbia following Belgrade's arrest of war crimes suspect Radovan Karadzic.
EU foreign ministers meet to discuss to unlock an trade deal with Serbia.
A Terre Haute pharmacy is facing state sanctions for the number of prescriptions it filled for out-of-state customers who always paid in cash.
A Terre Haute pharmacy is facing state sanctions.
The Syrian community in Saudi Arabia strongly condemned the twin terrorist attacks in Damascus on Friday which left scores of martyrs.
The Syrian community in Saudi Arabia strongly condemned the terrorist attacks in Damascus.
A pair of Coopersville wrestlers finished the season by earning all-state honors at the Division 2 state finals at The Palace of Auburn Hills.
A pair of Coopersville wrestlers finished by earning honors at the Division 2 state finals.
NICOSIA Finance Minister Michalis Sarris said on Saturday that significant progress has been made with representatives of the Troika at talks to reach agreement for a bailout in Nicosia.
Significant progress has been made.
Marek Hamsik is happy at Napoli and has no plans to leave in the summer, claims the club's sporting director Riccardo Bigon.
Marek Hamsik is happy at Napoli.
What did the Hawaii judge who declared the Monticello University, which issued a doctorate degree to Law Minister Babar Awan a fake institution, say in his verdict?
What did the Hawaii judge say.
Kenya and Hungary have agreed to strengthen bilateral ties and increase investment in the areas of education, trade and Agriculture.
Kenya and Hungary have agreed to strengthen bilateral ties.
A man who had told police he had no enemies was shot dead yesterday in the same parking garage where he was nearly murdered in April.
A man was shot dead in the parking garage.
Elton John and his longtime partner David Furnish became parents on Christmas Day, reports The Guardian.
Elton John and his partner David Furnish became parents on Christmas Day.
New Delhi The Jan Morcha, led by Ajay Singh, son of late Prime Minister VP Singh, merged with the Congress on Thursday.
Jan Morcha, merged with the Congress.
BRITISH officials are ``not here to dictate'' the new constitution but will ``faithfully relay'' Islanders' views back to London.
Officials are not here to dictate.
A local site has been added to the prestigious National Register of Historic Places, the Tennessee Historical Commission announced this week.
A local site has been added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Greenpeace issued a letter Friday calling for the DNC to sever its ties with Duke Energy, questioning the company's ties to the American Legislative Exchange Council and the push for voter identification laws.
Greenpeace issued calling for the DNC to sever its ties with Duke Energy.
Nakheel said on Wednesday that it has set up an audit and technical support department to help it meet its obligations.
Nakheel has set up an audit department.
West Grey voted to keep the status quo on Monday, returning Incumbent Mayor Kevin Eccles and Incumbent Councillors Don B. Marshall, Carol Lawrence, Bev Cutting and David Mollison back to the council table.
West Grey voted to keep the status quo.
Don Cherry came to a spirited defence of Zac Rinaldo during his Coach's Corner segment on Saturday night.
Don Cherry came to a defence of Zac Rinaldo.
Bera said he decided to join the Sikh Congressional Caucus to work on ``civil rights'' issues, ignoring the concerns of some Indian American groups and also that of the Indian Embassy on the pro-Khalistan links of individuals supporting the caucus.
Bera decided to join the Sikh Congressional Caucus.
Popular Puerto Rican salsa singer Andy Montañez was injured Monday in an automobile accident in Colombia after giving a concert in the city of Valledupar, one of his representatives reported.
Salsa singer Andy Montañez was injured in an accident in Colombia.
I am very happy to return in Bulgaria after 9 hard months, which were an extreme test in my life, Bulgarian Danka Panchova said before journalists at the Government VIP building at Sofia Airport, cited by FOCUS News Agency.
I am very happy to return in Bulgaria after 9 hard months, which were an extreme test.
The 30,000 US troop surge to Afghanistan is to begin this week amid concern about the growing collusion between the Taliban and Al Qaeda with militants in Pakistan, the top US military officer said yesterday.
The troop surge to Afghanistan is to begin this week.
Football star George Weah returned to Liberia on Friday with a college degree from DeVry University in Miami in hand in an effort to counter critics who say his limited education makes him unfit to lead.
George Weah returned to Liberia with a degree.
Music streaming service Rdio has quietly launched in Australia, with geo-blocking now removed and subscriptions in Australian dollars now available.
Rdio has quietly launched in Australia.
Barbara explains how to write a cover letter.
How to write a cover letter.
A 16-member high-powered Indian commerce delegation headed by Indian Commerce Minister Anand Sharma called on the Punjab Governor Sardar Latif Khan Khosa at the Governor House here Monday.
A Indian delegation called at the Governor House.
PTI / New Delhi May 17, 2012, 04:41 Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit today held discussions with her Cabinet colleagues on the budget for the year 2012-13 to be presented in the Assembly later this month.
Sheila Dikshit today held discussions with her Cabinet colleagues on the budget.
Cancer happened one morning-far from the sunset of our years.
Cancer happened one morning.
The Homeless World Cup, the world-class international football tournament changing lives, has recently appointed a Commercial Director.
The Homeless World Cup has appointed a Commercial Director.
BIT.TRIP RUNNER, the fourth game in Gaijin Games' BIT.TRIP WiiWare franchise, has been released in Europe as part of this week's WiiWare downloads.
BIT.TRIP RUNNER has been released in Europe.
The running back position is deep, so there's no need to reach for several running backs early.
The position is, so there's no need to reach for running backs early.
US consumer spending, propelled by a temporary government incentives program for auto sales, has shot up in August by the largest amount in nearly eight years even though personal incomes continued to lag.
US consumer spending has shot in August.
`` title=''``Single feather'' found in US Airways engine, evidence of bird theory`` width=''187`` height=''140`` align=''left`` /\u003eNew York - Investigators have found a ''single feather`` attached to the flap structure on the wing of the downed US Airways plane, a spokesman for the investigative agency said Thursday.
Single feather found in US Airways engine, evidence of bird theory width left.
A powerful bomb exploded outside an Athens tax office early Friday causing considerable damage but no injury, police said.
A bomb exploded outside an Athens tax office.
It's looking pretty official that Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis are the new It couple.
Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis are.
One person was injured when a fire outside the Poet Biorefining facility left him with minor burns.
One person was injured a fire outside the Poet Biorefining facility left.
Queen Elizabeth II has stressed the importance of family and friendship in her annual, pre-recorded Christmas message to the nation.
Queen Elizabeth II has stressed the importance of family in her, Christmas message.
In April, Telltale Games will be releasing Jurassic Park for both Mac and PC platforms.
Telltale Games will be releasing Jurassic Park.
The investment in technologies in Canada by the manufacturing industry is estimated to be $931.9m in 2008, and is forecast to grow at a compounded annual growth rate of 5.6% over the 200814 period to reach a value of $1,295.4m.
The investment in technologies in Canada by the manufacturing industry is estimated to be $ 931.9m in 2008.
Boreman was known for her XXX skills in the very successful Deep Throat porn flick.
Boreman was known.
AP / President Barack Obama says he would have no hesitation ordering women into combat and explained that, as a practical matter, they're already serving that role.
Barack Obama says he would have no hesitation ordering women into combat.
Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group has announced that its subsidiary The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ has decided to dissolve New Boston Partners.
Its subsidiary has decided to dissolve New Boston Partners.
Despite repeated strong opposition from China, a group of 168 Japanese lawmakers on Tuesday visited the controversial war-link Yasukuni Shrine in Tokyo, which honors Japanese war criminals of World War II.
A group of 168 Japanese lawmakers visited the controversial war-link Yasukuni Shrine.
Eastman Chemical Company today announced it has completed the retrofit and startup of its non-phthalate plasticizer manufacturing facility in Texas City, Texas.
Eastman Chemical Company has completed the retrofit and startup of its plasticizer manufacturing facility in Texas City, Texas.
Oil prices held steady above US$129 a barrel on Wednesday in Asia after hitting another record overnight as supply concerns mounted and traders poured in for last-minute buying as the June contract expired.
Oil prices held steady above US $ 129 after hitting as supply concerns mounted.
The trash talking has started, venues are lining up to play host and Floyd Mayweather Jr. is leaving no doubt that he wants Manny Pacquiao who many believe replaced him atop the pound-for-pound list.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. wants Manny Pacquiao.
Three Swedish beaches have failed an annual EU water quality test, reports news agency TT.
Three Swedish beaches have failed an EU test.
Brazilian banks have turned bearish on the real for the first time since March 2010, sounding a warning note for one of this year's most popular currency trades and putting pressure on the government to withdraw controversial capital controls.
Brazilian banks have turned bearish on the real.
With a 48-12 win over cross-town rival St. Bernard, Montville clinched the second seed in class SS and a home playoff game.
Montville clinched in SS and a home playoff game.
American Airlines and JetBlue Airways on Wednesday announced the launch of a reciprocal frequent flyer agreement that will be effective starting on Thursday.
American Airlines and JetBlue Airways announced the launch of a reciprocal frequent flyer agreement.
Asian stocks plunged Thursday, with Japan's benchmark index down almost 5% , following a drop on Wall Street that sent stocks in the US to their lowest point in five years.
Asian stocks plunged Thursday.
Shimla, Dec 25 Himachal Pradesh Chief Minister Virbhadra Singh today said two vacancies in his new cabinet would be filled soon and a new HPCC president appointed as he would resign from the post and also membership of Lok Sabha.
Two vacancies in his cabinet would be filled soon.
The unemployment rate in the Milwaukee area held steady in October, as it did in nine of the state's 12 metropolitan areas, according to statistics released Wednesday - statistics that by the federal government's own admission are far less precise than most people realize.
The unemployment rate held steady.
The border fence and wall between Arizona and Mexico is nearing completion, according to updated Border Patrol figures.
The border fence is nearing completion.
A 2-year-old male grizzly bear captured just east of Deer Lodge on Sunday died Tuesday from complications from the immobilization medications given to the bear.
A grizzly bear captured east of Deer Lodge died.
Comtech EF Data, a subsidiary of Comtech Telecommunications, has received a USD1.8 million order for satellite communications equipment.
Comtech EF Data has received a USD1.8 million order for satellite communications equipment.
Well, according to Reuters: ``Stock index futures pointed to a sharply weaker open for equities on Wall Street on Friday.''
Stock index futures pointed.
The world's most wanted terrorists are still at large and now the US is offering massive sums for their capture.
The world's most wanted terrorists are still at large.
A group of 22 hikers has been rescued when lost at over 2,000m height in the Sierra de María.
A group of 22 hikers has been rescued lost in the Sierra de María.
Karzai on January 5, 2011 ordered the transfer of the US military prison at Bagram to Afghan control within a month, citing reports of human rights violations there.
Karzai, 2011 ordered the transfer of the US prison to Afghan control.
The production of tractors and motorcycles are constantly rising for last five year in the country.
The production of tractors and motorcycles are rising.
Irish retail sales volumes fell by 5.2% and 1.8% by value in June according to figures from the Central Statistics Office.
Irish retail sales volumes fell in June.
-Susan Boyle is being stalked by a crazed fan.
Susan Boyle is being stalked by a fan.
Ukraine and Japan are to start realizing a three-year training program on tourism promotion this year as a part of cooperation in the GUAM plus Japan format.
Ukraine and Japan are to start realizing a training program on tourism promotion.
The Dallas Morning News tapped ABB to conclude a press control upgrade across five 12-unit TKS presses in a project that began last month.
The Dallas Morning News tapped ABB to conclude a control upgrade.
Christine Bleakley and Frank Lampard are engaged after the footballer popped the question while on holiday in America.
Christine Bleakley and Frank Lampard are engaged.
14 new wheat varieties were supported for registration at the Prairie Grain Development Committee annual meeting in Winnipeg.
14 new varieties were supported.
``In the next session, 6,029 may act as a strong support for Nifty while 6,110-6,130 may act as a resistance zone. Traders are suggested to sell at rise as long as nifty is unable to stay above 6,130. Banking stocks may face selling pressure at higher levels; realty and auto again appear weak along with capital goods. IT, pharma and FMCG may maintain strength,`` it added.
6,029 may act as a strong support for Nifty.
With Opening Day less than three months away, Cedar Point will be holding open interviews Friday night and Saturday for summer jobs at the Sandusky, Ohio, amusement park/resort.
Cedar Point will be holding open interviews.
Another asylum seeker boat intercepted Updated: 04:34, Sunday June 3, 2012 The navy has intercepted a boat carrying suspected asylum seekers near Christmas Island.
Another asylum seeker boat intercepted.
Khaleda saw Farroque, who was injured in an alleged police attack during the hartal hours on Wednesday, around 12:30pm on Friday.
Khaleda saw Farroque.
Former Arizona Congressman JD Hayworth says he's planning to run against John McCain for his US Senate seat.
JD Hayworth's planning to run against John McCain.
Kasey Kahne, driver of the #9 Budweiser Ford, is going to Hendrick Motorsports.
Kasey Kahne is going to Hendrick Motorsports.
Creative Closet Company dba California Closets to relocate their manufacturing and assembly operation into a 13,867 square foot facility located in Centennial, Colorado.
Creative Closet Company dba California Closets to relocate their manufacturing operation.
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair is to join Wall Street bank JP Morgan as a part-time adviser, the Financial Times reported on Thursday.
Tony Blair is to join Wall Street bank JP Morgan as a adviser.
A Louisiana man was arrested for exposing his penis in a Walmart parking lot.
A man was arrested for exposing in a Walmart lot.
On Friday the Bears announced they have promoted Tice to offensive coordinator, replacing the departed Mike Martz.
The Bears have promoted Tice to offensive coordinator.
The King's Speech was crowned the big winner with four Oscars on Sunday, including best film and best actor for its star, Colin Firth, on a night with few surprises among winners at the top movie awards.
The King's Speech was crowned the big winner with four Oscars.
Wallace will undergo season ending surgery on his left foot, the Knicks announced today.
Wallace will undergo season ending surgery.
U2 frontman Bono has undergone emergency spinal surgery after he sustained an injury while preparing for the second leg of the band's U2360 World Tour.
Bono has undergone emergency spinal surgery.
The US unemployment rate hit 9.7% in August, the highest level since June 1983, though employers eliminated jobs at the lowest rate in a year.
The US unemployment rate hit 9.7% in August.
The RIT women's tennis team closed out their regular season with a 6-3 win over SUNY Cortland on a sunny Tuesday afternoon at RIT Courts.
The RIT women's tennis team closed out their regular season with a 6 3 win over SUNY Cortland.
Its not just adults who have a thing or two to discuss with other people, babies too have their own social lives and enjoy group interaction, according to a world-first study.
Its not adults, babies too have their social lives.
Jaipur, Feb 22 Star opener Virender Sehwag has developed a sore back even though it is unlikely to affect his participation in the second cricket one-dayer against South Africa in Gwalior on Wednesday.
Jaipur, Star opener Virender Sehwag has developed a sore back.
World rice prices have hit new record highs in Asian trade, following further concerns that export bans by top rice-producing countries are hitting supply.
World rice prices have hit record highs.
The article argues that in the pursuit of political reform, China should adopt the ``Singapore model'' of liberalized authoritarian capitalism.
China should adopt the Singapore model.
Enterprise Information Protection offerings provider Verdasys has introduced two new enterprise data loss prevention offerings to be offered as managed services.
Verdasys has introduced two new enterprise data loss prevention offerings.
A fire has broken out at a chemical factory in the Gulbai area of Karachi, DawnNews reported.
A fire has broken out at a chemical factory in the area of Karachi.
A day after he called for an end to India's domination in the International Cricket Council, former England captain Tony Greig stirred another controversy by saying that legendary Australian fast bowler Dennis Lillee was a 'bit of a fairy' if he got hit himself.
Dennis Lillee was a bit of a fairy if he got hit himself.
New Delhi, Feb 16 Prime Minister Manmohan Singh Friday said the previous National Democratic Alliance government was unable to ``inspire'' with lack of focus on what they wanted to achieve on the economic front.
The previous government was unable to inspire.
Jordi Codina, Real Madrid's substitute goalkeeper, believes that Iker Casillas is possibly the best goalkeeper in the world right now.
Iker Casillas is possibly the best goalkeeper in the world.
Tropical Storm Hanna rolled into Connecticut on Sunday, bringing heavy rain, wind gusts and oppressive humidity.
Tropical Storm Hanna rolled into Connecticut, bringing heavy rain.
Legal \u0026 General has launched the 2011 Business Quality Awards for Retention after an announcement that it saved £1bn of protection business at risk.
It saved £ 1bn of protection business.
Twitter plans to begin automatically screening and shortening URLs in tweets.
Twitter plans to begin screening and shortening URLs.
The University of Colorado volleyball is hosting a free kids clinic on Saturday, Oct. 3 at 5 pm in the Coors Events Center prior to taking on No. 19 Baylor at 7 pm
The volleyball is hosting a free kids clinic.
The State Government has announced helicopter shark patrols will begin along Perth beaches tomorrow.
Helicopter shark patrols will begin along beaches.
Lumbee Tribe leaders met Friday night to discuss a deal with gaming consultant Las Vegas based Lewin International, LLC.
Lumbee Tribe leaders met to discuss a deal with gaming consultant Las Vegas.
Charming Charlie, a women's fashion accessories chain, said it is opening its first Massachusetts boutique at the Patriot Place shopping and entertainment complex in Foxborough.
Charming Charlie said it is opening at the Patriot Place complex.
in UFC News German welterweight Pascal Krauss has been forced out of his UFC 138 fight with John Hathaway due to injury.
Pascal Krauss has been forced out of his UFC 138 fight due to injury.
President Bush has signed an executive order expanding sanctions against individual Zimbabweans and organizations associated with the regime of Robert Mugabe, which the US considers illegitimate.
Bush has signed an order expanding sanctions against Zimbabweans.
The Orlando Sentinel is reporting that Point Guard Jameer Nelson will start Wednesday night when the Magic host the Houston Rockets.
Jameer Nelson will start Wednesday night the Magic host the Houston Rockets.
Thomson Airways is making aviation history by becoming the first UK airline to fly customers on sustainable biofuel at the end of the month.
Thomson Airways is making by becoming the first airline to fly customers on biofuel.
In his thank-you address he said that he felt both honoured and embarrassed.
He said he felt honoured.
KEY WEST, Fla. Project organizers say they have set the date to scuttle a retired missile-tracking ship that will be converted into an artificial reef off Key West.
KEY WEST, organizers say they have set the date to scuttle a ship.
Hurricane Danielle weakened to a Category 3 storm on Saturday, as the season's first major hurricane churned over the open Atlantic Ocean, the US National Hurricane Center said.
Hurricane Danielle weakened to a Category 3 storm.
Brent oil is biased to revisit the Thursday low of $110.37 per barrel, as a downward wave ``c'' seems incomplete.
Brent oil is biased to revisit the low of $ 110.37.
A merger of the city's two hospitals -- something officials hope can be nearly complete by year's end -- took a step forward Wednesday.
A merger took a step forward.
A Bedfordview, Johannesburg woman was infected with HIV virus by a KwaZulu-Natal health department paramedic who attended to her, the Pietermaritzburg High Court said on Wednesday.
Woman was infected with HIV virus by a paramedic.
In 2010 UMMC is going to invest RUB 350 million in underground development of Safyanovsky mine Rezh.
UMMC is going to invest RUB 350 million in underground development.
fastjet is raising $2.4m through the issue of 42,857,144 new ordinary shares at 3.5p apiece.
Fastjet is raising $ 2.4m.
Two Prince George's County police officers were charged Thursday with kidnapping and misconduct for allegedly detaining two teens and assaulting one of them.
Two Prince George's County officers were charged with kidnapping.
The Nicholls State executive chef is headed to the Olympics -- he will be performing in the dining room.
The Nicholls State executive chef is headed to the Olympics.
The game was scheduled to start at 5.30pm, but the rain set in at 3pm and umpires Nigel Cowley and Mark Benson abandoned the fixture after a 6pm inspection.
Nigel Cowley and Mark Benson abandoned the fixture.
Wayne's World music store in Pittston is closed for now due to the demolition of an adjacent building on South Main Street.
Wayne's World store is closed due to the demolition.
Many Chinese banks have cancelled a widely-offered informal 15-per-cent discount on first mortgage interest rates, in a sign that lenders are stepping into line with ongoing official efforts to rein in rising housing prices, the China Securities Journal said.
Chinese banks have cancelled a discount on first mortgage rates.
As celebrated art maestro Viktor Antonov put it to Eurogamer: ``It's been a poor, poor five years for fiction in the video game industry.''
It's been a poor, poor five years for fiction in the video game industry.
A variety of Nottingham groups have come together to organise a special day of events to celebrate the life and works of Nottingham writer and poet Alan Sillitoe, which will take place on Saturday, 2 October at the Council House in the Old Market Square.
A variety have come to organise a special day of events to celebrate the life and works of Nottingham writer and poet Alan Sillitoe.
Judges are not robots, rather they're men and women who want to live with their consciences and sleep at night, a former top judge says.
Judges are not robots a former top judge says.
Erie County Executive Chris Collins has signed into law the anti-texting law that was passed by the Erie County Legislature back in October.
Executive Chris Collins has signed the anti-texting law.
The US government is elevating its involvement with the private sector to secure cyberspace, an effort that is a ``shared responsibility'' of the federal government and technology companies alike, said Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano.
The US government is elevating its involvement with the private sector to secure cyberspace.
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar today said Congress Party cannot force a constitutional amendment in Parliament.
Nitish Kumar today said Congress Party can not force a constitutional amendment.
YoNaturals reaches out to hundreds of school children in South California in a bid to make an impact on their eating habits.
YoNaturals reaches out to hundreds of school children in South California.
Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn., will visit Pine Ridge on Aug. 7 at the invitation of Rep. Stephanie Herseth Sandlin, DS.D., to attend a powwow and discuss housing issues with Oglala tribal officials.
Al Franken will visit Pine Ridge.
German luxury car maker Mercedes- Benz today said it will hike prices of its vehicles in India from January to offset cost escalations.
Mercedes - Benz will hike prices from January.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrived in Pakistan on Wednesday at the start of her first visit to the nuclear-armed Muslim state since taking office, an AFP reporter said.
Hillary Clinton arrived in Pakistan.
More wintery weather is expected today with a mixture of snow and freezing rain hitting the area.
Wintery weather is expected today.
FLOOD defences have moved a step closer to reality after a key meeting to discuss funding.
FLOOD defences have moved a step closer to reality.
President Pal Schmitt signed Hungary's new constitution in a ceremony at his Sandor Palace office in Budapest on Easter Monday.
Pal Schmitt signed Hungary's new constitution.
HTC has apparently sold around 5 million HTC one units, according to a report from the Wall Street Journal, quoting an unnamed HTC executive.
HTC has sold around 5 million HTC one units.
A Chinese woman is seeking plastic surgery to look like Jessica Alba in an attempt to win back her boyfriend.
A woman is seeking plastic surgery to look like Jessica Alba.
Chicago Tribune Former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich, who is awaiting sentencing after his June conviction on 17 counts of wire fraud, bribery, attempted extortion and conspiracy, on Sunday formally put his 13-room Mediterranean-style house in the Ravenswood Manor neighborhood up for sale for $1.07 million.
Rod Blagojevich, who is awaiting sentencing attempted, put his house for sale.
The electronic voting system is to be scrapped, having cost at least €51m to date.
The electronic voting system is to be scrapped.
A Southeast Texas man suspected of being the so-called ``tall, dark and handsome'' bandit has been indicted by a federal grand jury on a bank robbery charge.
A man suspected of being the tall, and handsome bandit has been indicted.
A former Brunswick County sheriff showed no emotion Monday as a federal judge sentenced him to 16 months in prison for obstructing justice.
A former Brunswick County sheriff showed as a judge sentenced for obstructing justice.
Mumbai Indians beat Chennai Super Kings by 60 runs in an Indian Premier League match at the Wankhede Stadium here Sunday.
Mumbai Indians beat Chennai Super Kings by 60 runs.
German mobile internet users mostly use the mobile search function, followed by e-mail by 55 percent, according to TNS Infratest's mobile internet benchmarking study.
German internet users mostly use the mobile search function.
Adventist GlenOaks Hospital is seeking a charge nurse for its Institute for Behavioral Medicine department.
Adventist GlenOaks Hospital is seeking a charge nurse.
After years of negotiations, Quebec and Ottawa have reached a deal to develop the Old Harry oilfield in the Gulf of St. Lawrence, a development that might be twice the size of the Hibernia field.
Quebec have reached a deal to develop the Old Harry oilfield.
OMV Petrom SA, Romania's biggest oil company, plans to invest about 200 million euros in its Petrobrazi refinery by 2014, the company said in a regulatory filing to the Bucharest Stock Exchange today.
Petrom SA plans to invest about 200 million euros in its Petrobrazi refinery.
Boston Red Sox ace Josh Beckett, who hasn't pitched since Aug. 17 because of tingling and numbness in his fingers that the club believes is linked to inflammation in his elbow, has been scratched from his scheduled start Friday night in Boston against the Chicago White Sox.
Josh Beckett hasn't pitched.
The Brazilian striker Neymar said he would be joining Barcelona after the Confederations Cup.
Neymar would be joining Barcelona.
Jones, according to prosecutors, has been charged with one count of assault after allegedly ``punching'' a woman outside a Cincinnati bar.
Jones has been charged with one count of assault after allegedly punching a woman.
The High Court has granted a perpetual injunction preventing a former director of the claimant company from disclosing confidential information about the company's business.
The High Court has granted a perpetual injunction preventing a former director.
Dish Network plans to shutter 500 Blockbuster stores across the US within the next six months.
Dish Network plans to shutter 500 Blockbuster stores.
A Wayne County woman has been charged with attempted homicide after she allegedly shot her husband on Sunday night.
A woman has been charged after she shot her husband.
Tiger Woods and Elin Nordegren are officially divorced, according to a statement posted by their lawyers on the golfer's website Monday.
Tiger Woods are officially divorced.
Icy road and unsafe speed are blamed for at least one death on Interstate 20 Monday night.
Icy road and speed are blamed for at least one death.
Islamabad唯ISP Chairperson Farzana Raja has said that the BISP will help the democratic government to achieve the objective of a model welfare state in Pakistan.
The BISP will help to achieve the objective of a welfare state in Pakistan.
Neymar has admitted that it would be a dream to play alongside Barcelona forward Lionel Messi.
Neymar has admitted it would be a dream to play alongside Lionel Messi.
Radiohead are set to release a 2CD remix album of songs from 'The King Of Limbs', it's been reported.
Radiohead are set to release a remix album.
Bodog has continued its aggressive recruitment drive into 2011 with two new hires to its European team.
Bodog has continued its recruitment drive.
Australian was arrested with 1.7 kg of methamphetamine in his luggage at the international airport of Bali in Indonesia, AFPreported.
Australian was arrested with 1.7 kg of methamphetamine at the airport of Bali.
The Indian Institute of Management Bangalore announces a General Management Programme for Entertainment and Media Industry professionals to be held at the IIMB campus on September 3-5, 2012..
The Indian Institute of Management Bangalore announces a General Management Programme for Entertainment and Media Industry professionals.
Leads360, the industry's largest lead management software provider, announced their second annual top lead provider award winners at LeadsCon yesterday afternoon.
Leads360 announced their lead provider award winners.
The Peoples Democratic Party launched another attack on chief minister Mr Ghulam Nabi Azad today, alleging he was using ``money power'' to save his government and prove his majority by 7 July.
Ghulam Nabi Azad was using money power to save and prove his majority.
Singer Alicia Keys, pictured with husband Swizz Beatz at a charity event in New last month, has given birth to a baby boy, People magazine reported on Saturday.
Alicia Keys has given birth to a baby boy.
The Locarno Film Festival has unveiled its lineup, which sees 10 world preems launching on the Swiss lakeside fest's Piazza Grande, following opener ``500 Days of Summer,'' and a slew of potential discoveries bowing in the two competitions.
The Locarno Film Festival has unveiled its lineup.
Newcastle midfielder Joey Barton, who was refused a visa for the team's America tour, was on holiday in the US last month, it has emerged.
Newcastle midfielder Joey Barton was on holiday in the US.
Entrepreneur Media Inc. announces Amy C. Cosper as its new vice president and editor in chief, who will oversee content and partnerships for the media company's magazine and online properties, including Entrepreneur, Entrepreneur.com, and WomenEntrepreneur.com.
Entrepreneur Media Inc. announces as its new vice president and editor in chief.
Edinburgh, for all its festivals and spectacular skyline, was named yesterday as the most miserable place to live in Britain.
Edinburgh was named as the most miserable place to live in Britain.
Martina McBride has signed to the new Republic Nashville label after spending nearly two decades with RCA Records.
Martina McBride has signed to the Republic Nashville label.
Tiberian Twilight'' has been shipped to stores worldwide.
Tiberian Twilight has been shipped.
``I can tell you that every team paid us and is working on the new car,'' Gallagher told the Italian website 422race.com.
I can tell every team paid and is working on the new car.
A recent study ranks the tort systems in all 50 states by the amount of money paid in plaintiff awards and settlements and the number of lawsuits filed.
A study ranks the tort systems in all 50 states.
Police in the regional centre of Jalalabad, Kyrgyzstan, are firing warning shots to prevent clashes between the supporters of and opponents to regional governor Bektur Asanov, eyewitnesses told Itar-Tass on Wednesday.
Police in the regional centre of Jalalabad are firing warning shots.
DC United needs a win at Kansas City on Saturday night and some help to qualify for the 2009 MLS Cup playoffs.
DC United needs a win on night and some help to qualify.
The new heart throb and the 'next-big-thing' in Bollywood, has revealed that within two or three years, he will get married and have kids.
He will get married.
Toyota has asked for a 200 billion yen Japanese government loan, local media reports said Tuesday, as the world's top automaker projects its first yearly net loss in nearly six decades.
Toyota has asked for a Japanese government loan.
The Grand Canyon Skywalk was voted the best new bridge in the world by Travel and Leisure magazine.
The Grand Canyon Skywalk was voted the best new bridge.
Centamin Egypt has closed a $25 million corporate loan with Macquarie to support development of its Sukari gold project.
Centamin Egypt has closed a corporate loan with Macquarie.
Hiroshima marks the 67th anniversary of the atomic bombing on Aug. 6.
Hiroshima marks the 67th anniversary.
Two new dollar-discount stores are What's in Store for Central New York.
What's in Store.
Brisbane-based TechnologyOne, a leading provider of software solutions, has secured two new contracts in the United Kingdom with the University of Hertfordshire and Scarborough Borough Council.
TechnologyOne has secured two new contracts in the United Kingdom.
Scarlett Johansson has sparked rumours she's heading back to Broadway to romance Jon Hamm and John Krasinski in a new production of The Philadelphia Story.
Scarlett Johansson's heading back to Broadway to Jon Hamm.
The following list of ``45 lessons life taught me'' is pretty good, however.
The list of 45 lessons life taught is pretty good.
InfoReliance launched today its enterprise security solution, called CloudHASH Security, for the federal government.
InfoReliance launched its enterprise security solution.
Two Port Charlotte men were arrested at a local park Tuesday on sex charges.
Two men were arrested at a park on sex charges.
A Columbia man faces arson charges after he set his pants on fire inside a Myrtle Beach police jail cell, according to a police report.
A Columbia man faces after he set his pants on fire inside a Myrtle Beach jail cell.
A former standout athlete at Hempfield High School was found dead Thursday afternoon in his off-campus apartment at Shippensburg University.
A former standout athlete was found dead afternoon.
Former ARCH ENEMY guitarist Christopher Amott will debut his new band on Wednesday, October 3 at North Star Bar in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Former ARCH ENEMY guitarist Christopher Amott will debut his new band at North Star Bar in Philadelphia.
Two bats have tested positive for rabies in Winona in the past month.
Two bats have tested positive for rabies in Winona.
Kenny Dalglish has been sacked as Liverpool manager after finishing eighth in the Premier League.
Kenny Dalglish has been sacked as Liverpool manager.
US President Barack Obama said in an interview with C-SPAN cable television network that he was confident GM would thrive after restructuring, reports Reuters.
Barack Obama was confident GM would thrive after restructuring.
A Tualatin business on Southwest Boones Ferry Road was evacuated this morning after a battery started releasing toxic fumes into the building.
A Tualatin business was evacuated after a battery started releasing fumes.
Ratings agency Moody's maintained its negative outlook for German banks in a report issued on Friday, citing mounting stress, meager profits and rising risk for the industry.
Moody's maintained its negative outlook for German banks.
Montville Township police are investigating several acts of vandalism at the community center near the upper parking lot which police said were discovered by an officer at about 1 am Tuesday.
Police are investigating acts of vandalism at the community center.
Florida Gov. Rick Scott, second from left, signs a statewide ban on texting while driving into law, today during a ceremony at the Alonzo and Tracy Mourning Senior High School in North Miami.
Florida Gov. Rick Scott signs a ban on texting while driving.
Malaysia's Deputy Prime Minister Tan Sri Muhyiddin Yassin said the proposal to turn Barisan Nasional into a single party is rational and needs to be studied in detail to ensure continuous support from the people in future.
The proposal to turn Barisan Nasional into a single party is rational and needs to be studied.
Reports in England over recent days have claimed that Blackburn scouts have been keeping tabs on Egyptian right-sided star Ahmed Al Muhammadi.
Blackburn scouts have been keeping on Egyptian star Ahmed Al Muhammadi.
For AW09, outdoor clothing brand Berghaus is launching a Heritage range.
Berghaus is launching a Heritage range.
Bukit Bunga, a border village at the Malaysia-Thailand border in Kelantan, is to be developed as a new economic development centre in the state.
Bukit Bunga is to be developed.
The BJP today said that Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh has crossed all limits of decency.
Digvijay Singh has crossed all limits of decency.
A former Taftville man was sentenced to 13 years in prison and 10 years probation Friday on multiple charges involving the sexual assault of 16-year-old boy and a fellow inmate at Corrigan Correctional in Montville.
A man was sentenced to 13 years in prison.
Cincinnati's Jim Edmonds injured his right leg running the bases after a solo home run in the second and did not return to the field in the bottom of the inning.
Cincinnati's Jim Edmonds injured his leg running the bases after a home run.
07:13 GMT, April 18, 2012 Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday said it would be ``much too presumptuous'' to say that NATO forces had failed in Afghanistan in the wake of pitched battles between them and the Taliban militia in Kabul.
It would be much too presumptuous to say NATO forces had failed in Afghanistan.
The future belongs to electric cars because of high fuel prices and environmental considerations, the head of the biggest European car maker, Volkswagen, said today.
The future belongs to electric cars.
Headaches and migraines are costing the world's economy £140 billion each year, because they are under-recognised and under-diagnosed, according to the World Health Organisation.
Headaches are costing the world's economy £ 140 billion each year.
Employers are being asked to check that their health and safety policies are up to date and up to scratch.
Their health and safety policies are up and up to scratch.
World oil prices are dropping as a result of high US oil reserves and business activity in China, RIA Novosti reports.
World oil prices are dropping.
Pittsburgh Steelers offensive tackle Mike Adams is expected to be released from a hospital by Tuesday and should make a full recovery after being stabbed twice during an attempted carjacking over the weekend.
Pittsburgh Steelers offensive tackle Mike Adams is expected and should make a full recovery.
Greek political leaders will announce a new coalition government today, but there is still no indication of a deal on a new prime minister to lead the country back from the brink of bankruptcy.
Greek leaders will announce a new coalition government.
Two Denver police officers will compete on the ``American Gladiator'' television program.
Two Denver police officers will compete on the American Gladiator program.
The Seattle Seahawks have signed veteran safety Atari Bigby, adding experience to their young secondary.
The Seattle Seahawks have signed veteran safety Atari Bigby.
The state Assembly approved charter school reform bills that must still go through the senate and governor.
The state Assembly approved charter reform bills.
India gold demand receded today after a slight pick-up in the previous session, as the rupee weakened, making the dollar-quoted asset expensive, dealers said.
India gold demand receded, as the rupee weakened.
AP December 15, 2012 The Seattle Seahawks re-signed wide receiver Deon Butler on Saturday and placed receiver Charly Martin on injured reserve because of a calf injury.
AP The Seattle Seahawks re-signed Deon Butler and placed Charly Martin on injured reserve.
The government today said any doctor going to the US for higher medical studies would have to sign a bond with it before leaving and honour the document by returning to India after finishing the study period.
Any doctor going to the US for studies would have to sign a bond.
This Saturday's Columbia Basketball doubleheader vs. Cornell is designated as Pack the House Night sponsored by Bed Bath \u0026 Beyond!
This Saturday's doubleheader is designated as Pack the House Night sponsored by Bed Bath \u0026 Beyond.
Goldman Sachs downgrades Choice Hotels International Inc. from Buy to Neutral with a $32 price target.
Goldman Sachs downgrades Choice Hotels International Inc. to Neutral.
Lily Allen plans to visit Afghanistan in the coming weeks to help the War Child charity.
Lily Allen plans to visit Afghanistan.
Oscar-winning movie The King's Speech is set to hit the Broadway stage in 2012, according to Showbiz411.com.
Movie The King's Speech is set to hit the stage.
LME zinc fell more than 6 percent, hitting a session low of $2,240.50 a ton on Wednesday, hurt by hefty inventories of the metal as well as a surge in oil prices which has stoked inflationary worries.
Zinc fell more than 6 percent.
``This is like a nuclear bomb hitting,'' said Walton County resident Gail Powell.
This is like a nuclear bomb hitting.
After more than six months of lane restrictions, the Longfellow Bridge has finally been reopened to all traffic.
The Longfellow Bridge has been reopened to all traffic.
AIEEE2010 results : aieee nic results, aieee 2010 results, aieee exam results, aieee2010, pseb 12th class result,aieee 2010 result, aieee result 2010, aieee result, aieee, aieee nic in 2010.
AIEEE2010 results : nic results, aieee 2010 results, aieee exam results, aieee2010, pseb 12th class result, aieee.
The Prosecutor's Office has opened nine preliminary checks and pre-trial proceedings regarding sites in the energy sector, said Steliyana Kozhuharova, Spokeswoman of Bulgaria's prosecutor general, cited by FOCUS News Agency.
The Prosecutor's Office has opened nine preliminary checks and pre-trial proceedings regarding sites in the energy sector.
Beacon Power Corporation, a developer of advanced smart energy products and services, announced on March 12 that it had successfully installed it Smart Energy 25 flywheel energy storage system at a California wind farm.
Beacon Power Corporation had installed it Energy 25 flywheel storage system.
Nobody could better describe the voice of the folk artist Aynur Doğan than Tülay German, who once called her voice ``as moving as nature itself.''
Who called her voice as moving as nature.
Bradley Manning on Thursday pleaded guilty to leaking classified material to the public, but pleaded not guilty to aiding the enemy, a charge that carries much heavier penalties.
Bradley Manning pleaded guilty to leaking, but pleaded not guilty to aiding the enemy.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie was met with cheers and jeers a town hall in Fair Lawn on the even of a historic vote in the state Assembly on a controversial rollback of public employees.
Chris Christie was met with cheers and jeers a town hall.
The gun registry has saved many lives in domestic violence since its inception.
The gun registry has saved lives.
Azerbaijani and Turkmen Presidents made joint statement after signing of intergovernmental agreements between the two countries, APA reports
Azerbaijani and Turkmen Presidents made joint statement.
``Fast'' Jack Beckman got a birthday gift from the drag racing gods Sunday when he survived a too-close .001-second reaction time to win his second race of the season and become a somewhat stealthy title contender.
Jack Beckman survived a time to win and become a stealthy title contender.
The Shreds, a local teen band, has won the John Lennon Educational Bus battle of the bands in Sacramento.
The Shreds has won the battle of the bands.
German investor confidence has brightened this month, according to a survey that could help dispel gloom about the outlook for Europe's largest economy.
German investor confidence has brightened.
It is interesting to note when anyone suggests a scientist is one who believes in a creator and in special creation by that creator, there are those in the community who immediately endeavour to discredit these scientists on the basis a creationist cannot be a true scientist.
A creationist can not be a scientist.
`` By Darwish Ammar The official report on the Ethiopian plane crash which killed 90 people after taking off from Beirut in January 2010 has been finalized, the public works minister said Thursday.
The report on the Ethiopian plane crash has been finalized.
Southampton boss Alan Pardew says he is happy to handle the pressure that comes with the job at St Mary's.
Alan Pardew is happy to handle the pressure.
Hollywood actress Emma Thompson has agreed to withdraw her name from a petition to free incarcerated filmmaker Roman Polanski following a fans appeal.
Emma Thompson has agreed to withdraw her name from a petition to free Roman Polanski.
The avian flu virus may be a sexually transmitted infection in ducks, therefore, explaining the seasonal peaks in outbreaks during the breeding season.
The avian flu virus may be a sexually transmitted infection in ducks.
Several people were assaulted Thursday night at a dance studio, according to Local12 WKRC.
Several people were assaulted at a dance studio.
Jul 2, 2011, 02.46pm IST Former Union minister and senior CPI leader Chaturanan Mishra today passed away following prolonged illness.
Jul 2 2011 minister and leader Chaturanan Mishra today passed away.
A federal court has ruled that peer-to-peer downloading service LimeWire and its operators are liable for inducement of widespread copyright theft.
A federal court has ruled LimeWire are liable for inducement of widespread copyright theft.
LONDON Juan Martin del Potro will play at Queen's Club in June, joining Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic at the Wimbledon warmup tournament.
Juan Martin del Potro will play at Queen's Club.
VIA Rail, Canada's national passenger railway operator, has announced that it has almost finished upgrading its loyalty program, Via Preference and will also add extra features to its website in order to reflect these changes.
VIA Rail has finished upgrading its loyalty program.
ALAMEDA, Calif. The Oakland Raiders have sold out Sunday's AFC West showdown against Kansas City to avoid a 12th straight local blackout.
ALAMEDA, The Oakland Raiders have sold out to avoid a 12th straight local blackout.
The wreckage of the Artemis catamaran in which British sailor Andrew Simpson died after it capsized in San Francisco.
British sailor Andrew Simpson died.
Day.az and Today.az projects have been sold, former editor-in-chief of the projects Elnur Baimov told APA.
Day.az and Today.az projects have been sold.
Banners and trophies will stay in Seattle as part of the settlement with Oklahoma City owner Clay Bennett.
Banners will stay in Seattle as part of the settlement.
Former security officer of the Cargo Complex of the Thiruvananthapuram airport was questioned by the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence officials on Wednesday in connection with the missing of certain items from a suspicious consignment.
Former security officer was questioned.
A former WHIZ newsman who worked for over 40 years as a Los Angeles TV reporter has died.
A former WHIZ newsman has died.
ISRAEL must lift its military blockade of the Gaza Strip and invite an independent, fact-finding mission to investigate its raid on a Gaza-bound aid flotilla, a United Nations rights body said on Friday.
ISRAEL must lift its blockade.
Hundreds of elementary students in Lumajang, East Java, participated in Islamic religion competition on Saturday.
Hundreds of elementary students participated in Islamic competition.
Two men robbed a retail store in south Ottawa at gunpoint early Saturday morning.
Two men robbed a retail store at gunpoint.
Beijing set up its first general aviation manufacturing company on Tuesday in order to launch research and development, manufacturing as well as sales and operation in the country's capital.
Beijing set up its first general aviation manufacturing company.
US pop star Michael Jackson has saved his Neverland ranch from becoming another victim of the US housing crisis.
Michael Jackson has saved his Neverland ranch.
Oscar-winner Halle Berry shocked TV audiences when she faked an orgasm on a show.
Halle Berry faked an orgasm on a show.
In exchange for advantageous trade tariffs, Iceland may be able to give China the Arctic influence it's been seeking, as it supports the world's second largest economy's bid to join the Arctic Council.
Iceland may be able to give China the Arctic influence.
Emkay has recommended Reduce on Axis Bank with a price target of Rs 1,200 as against the market price of Rs 1,563 in its report dated Oct. 14, 2010.
Emkay has recommended Reduce on Axis Bank.
Nova Measuring Instruments Ltd., provider of leading edge stand alone metrology and the market leader of integrated metrology solutions to the semiconductor process control market, today announced that it has received acceptance for its Stand Alone Optical CD system from a new memory customer in the Asia Pacific region.
Nova Measuring Instruments Ltd. has received acceptance for its Stand Alone Optical CD system from a new memory customer.
Hooker George Chuter has signed a new one-year deal at Leicester Tigers having looked almost certain to leave the club.
George Chuter has signed a new deal at Leicester Tigers.
US stocks are rising just after the market opened, on track to end their best February in 14 years.
US stocks are rising.
Oregon running back Jonathan Stewart will pass up his senior season and enter the NFL draft.
Jonathan Stewart will pass up and enter the NFL draft.
Nissan is recalling more than 240,000 trucks in cold-weather states because of a problem it says could keep front airbags from deploying during a crash.
Nissan is recalling more than 240,000 trucks.
``I am excited to see Judy Blume's new movie, because she is a very special lady, and more movies should be produced with her name,'' Poehler told Vulture.
I am, because she is Poehler told.
Jamie Lynn Spears turned 17 on Friday, and her family was hitting the hippest Hollywood designers to stock up on gifts for the young mom-to-be.
Jamie Lynn Spears turned 17.
So, after voicing her distaste of the overdramatic in Hindi cinema, 'Slumdog Millionaire' star Freida Pinto appears to have finally given in to Bollywood.
Freida Pinto appears to have finally given in to Bollywood.
Oppenheimer \u0026 Co. raised its price target on Microsoft Corporation to $32 from $30 after the company reported better than expected earnings after the bell yesterday.
Oppenheimer \u0026 Co. raised its target on Microsoft Corporation.
A home in northern Christian County is likely a total loss after it caught fire Tuesday afternoon.
A home is likely a total loss after it caught fire.
Country singer Taylor Swift is to create a new fashion range for British retailer Marks \u0026 Spencer.
Taylor Swift is to create a fashion range for Marks \u0026 Spencer.
HUNDREDS of people packed a Suffolk church yesterday to pay tribute to a former council leader who died last year.
HUNDREDS packed to pay tribute to a former leader.
Schools were a huge market for selling drugs which compromised the safety of pupils and teachers, KwaZulu-Natal safety MEC Bheki Cele said.
Schools were a huge market for selling drugs.
Darren Criss will replace Daniel Radcliffe in the Broadway musical How To Succeed in Business Without Really Trying, the Los Angeles Times reported.
Darren Criss will replace Daniel Radcliffe in the Broadway musical.
Asia fuel oil's discount to crude shrank to the smallest amount in more than two months, signaling reduced losses for refiners turning oil into residual products.
Asia fuel oil's discount shrank.
Butterball LLC announced yesterday that it will reduce turkey placement and slaughter operations at its facility at Longmont, Colorado.
Butterball LLC will reduce operations at its facility at Longmont.
Treasure Beach won the Irish Derby to lead home an Aidan O'Brien-trained 1-2-3 for the third time in the race and give the Irishman his sixth successive win in Ireland's premier classic.
Treasure Beach won the Irish Derby.
Chinese hackers continuously attacked The New York Times over the past four months, the paper revealed Thursday.
Chinese hackers attacked The New York Times over the four months, the paper revealed.
The private space companies Space Exploration Technologies and Bigelow Aerospace are planning to offer rides to international customers to private space stations.
The space companies are planning to offer rides to private stations.
ACT Chief Magistrate Ron Cahill says he has done nothing wrong and has no intention to stand down during a police investigation into his actions.
Ron Cahill has done nothing wrong.
The Dioceses of Joliet announced yesterday the settlement of a sex abuse case.
The Dioceses of Joliet announced the settlement.
Horizonte Minerals has kicked off a 3,000-metre diamond drilling programme at its Falcao gold project in northern Brazil.
Horizonte Minerals has kicked off a diamond drilling programme.
The Sri Lankan navy on Wednesday arrested 97 Australia-bound illegal immigrants in Oluvil in the eastern province.
The Sri Lankan navy arrested 97 illegal immigrants.
DAVID YOUNG has called for more of the same from the Blues as they continue their defence of the LV=Cup at Cardiff City Stadium on Sunday against London Irish.
DAVID YOUNG has called for more of the same from the Blues.
Ingrid Betancourt, the former Colombian presidential candidate who spent six years in the jungle after being kidnapped by leftist rebels, won a prestigious humanitarian award in Spain.
Ingrid Betancourt won a humanitarian award in Spain.
The Liberian Senate has confirmed several Presidential nominees recently cross-examined by its Internal Affairs and Judiciary Committees.
The Senate has confirmed several nominees.
The majority of children living in apartments are exposed to secondhand smoke, even when they don't live with smokers.
The majority of children living in apartments are exposed to secondhand smoke.
Iron man 2 star Mickey Rourke is all set to star in an English and Hindi advertising campaign for animal rights group People's Ethical Treatment of Animals, to help stray dogs in India.
Mickey Rourke is set to star in an campaign, to help stray dogs in India.
Cubs Chairman, Tom Ricketts, says the Chicago Cubs move out of Wrigley Field will happen if his new plan for a giant video screen at the stadium is blocked.
The Chicago Cubs move out of Wrigley Field.
Brent crude oil rose to around $102 a barrel on Monday, supported by Chinese trade data showing rising crude imports in the world's second-largest consumer and by concerns about continued unrest in the Middle East.
Brent oil rose to around $ 102.
The Detroit Lions have hired former Michigan State assistant coach Danny Crossman as special teams coordinator.
The Detroit Lions have hired Danny Crossman as special teams coordinator.
A 26-year-old woman died early this morning on North Lamar Boulevard when she was thrown from a motorcycle and was struck by a car, according to Austin police.
A woman died she was thrown from a motorcycle.
LyondellBasell, a producer of refined products, has signed an agreement to purchase approximately 200 miles of pipeline near Houston from BP by its Equistar Chemicals, LP subsidiary.
LyondellBasell has signed an agreement to purchase approximately 200 miles of pipeline from BP.
A possible label switch affecting an antidepressant and a drug used to shrink the prostate prompted a Pfizer subsidiary to recall both drugs.
A possible label switch prompted a Pfizer subsidiary to recall.
The Des Moines Register is laying off 13 employees as its owner, Gannett, cuts 700 jobs to cope with an advertising slump.
The Des Moines Register is laying off 13 employees as its owner, Gannett, cuts 700 jobs.
Tony and Emmy Award winner Sada Thompson has died from lung cancer, according to a report in The New York Times.
Tony and winner Sada Thompson has died.
Director and Producer Keshu Ramsay passed away on Oct 19.
Keshu Ramsay passed away.
Lacklustre South Africa edged neighbours Swaziland 1-0 in a non-cap international friendly match at chilly Germiston Stadium Thursday.
South Africa edged Swaziland 1 in a friendly match.
Landmark Group, the region's leading retail and hospitality conglomerate, today announced the launch of the second edition of its 'Beat Diabetes' walkathon, a corporate social responsibility initiative aimed to further spread awareness about the condition and its causes among the wider community.
Landmark Group today announced the launch of the second edition of its Beat Diabetes ' walkathon.
Sports Writer The Oakland Athletics acquired infielder Jed Lowrie and right-hander Fernando Rodriguez from the Houston Astros for first baseman Chris Carter and two minor leaguers on Monday.
The Oakland Athletics acquired Jed Lowrie from the Houston Astros.
CITIGROUP plans to hire 200 staff in Singapore this year, a sign of the bank's growing confidence in the strength of the economic recovery - and in its own financial position.
CITIGROUP plans to hire 200 staff in Singapore this year.
Two previously unreleased DMX albums will be released to the public this year.
Two DMX albums will be released.
JBS SA, the world's largest beef producer, posted its first profit in three quarters after Brazilian demand rose and financial expenses fell.
JBS SA posted its first profit in three quarters after demand rose.
AP Mar 08, 2011 08:16:41 AM Manchester United chief executive David Gill has defended the club's American owners at a British parliamentary inquiry into English football.
Manchester United chief executive David Gill has defended the club's American owners.
South African police say they are hunting for the killer of a flamboyant strip club owner.
Police are hunting for the killer of a flamboyant strip club owner.
The Pittsburgh-based Giant Eagle supermarket chain has recalled frozen hash browns because bacteria was found in other products processed at the same independent plant that makes the hash browns.
The Giant Eagle chain has recalled frozen hash browns.
Charlie Sheen spent Sunday with his ex-wife Brooke Mueller and the couple's two children Bob and Max. Mueller was allowed a temporary leave from her new rehab programme in order to join Sheen at his Hollywood home, the former Two and a Half Men star told TMZ.
Charlie Sheen spent Sunday with his ex-wife Brooke Mueller.
``Becky just ruined it - not the wedding, the whole episode.''
Becky just ruined.
London, Aug 10 She does not believe that she is vulnerable to criticism but pop sensation Lady Gaga says she is ''emotionally thin''.
Lady Gaga is emotionally thin.
The Elant at Goshen Adult Home will host a health and wellness fair from 1 to 4 pm on Saturday, July 26, in the facility's outdoor courtyard.
The Elant will host a health and wellness fair on Saturday, July 26.
The Wal-Mart/Massmart deal is not a major threat to local manufacturing, according to Massmart CE Grant Pattison.
The Wal-Mart / Massmart deal is not a threat to local manufacturing.
A handful of new laws take effect today, including key provisions of a state contracting reform law.
A handful of new laws take effect.
The Mets will host a players meet and greet for Tuesday's Children on Tuesday, September 11 from 5:30 pm-6:00 pm in the Press Conference Room at Citi Field.
The Mets will host a players meet and greet for Tuesday's Children.
A Southern California man was killed Friday night in a vehicle rollover accident on Interstate 5 in western Fresno County, California Highway Patrol officers reported.
A man was killed in a rollover accident.
Mystic Seaport will honor WoodenBoat magazine and its founder, Jon Wilson, with the America and the Sea Award.
Mystic Seaport will honor WoodenBoat magazine.
State Senator Kerry Roberts took the oath of office on Wednesday in Nashville to represent the 18th Senatorial District which includes Sumner and Robertson Counties.
State Senator Kerry Roberts took the oath of office.
But it seems Jermaine Jones may not be the gentle giant he seemed - and his set to get the boot from American Idol tonight over an undisclosed criminal record.
Jermaine Jones may not be the giant - and his set to get the boot from American Idol over an undisclosed criminal record.
Hull City are about to complete two new signings for the second half of this season, according to British media.
Hull City are about to complete two new signings.
Former NFL player David Meggett was sentenced to 30 years in prison yesterday after his conviction in a Charleston, SC, court on charges of criminal sexual conduct and burglary, authorities said.
David Meggett was sentenced to 30 years.
Miley Cyrus will reportedly be starring in an upcoming movie about God, and since her recent controversial tweets on Christianity, this is coming as a surprise to some people.
Miley Cyrus will be starring in an movie about God.
Ronaldinho made his return to football after an absence of almost four months on Saturday, playing 56 minutes of a charity match in Venezuela.
Ronaldinho made his return.
Maria Susairaj, the key accused in the Neeraj Grover murder case, in her confession before the magistrate this week said that she had helped Jerome Mathew in the killing because she was in love with him.
Neeraj Grover had helped because she was in love.
Pasadena native Richard Helgerson, a leading scholar of Renaissance literature and a former visiting professor at Caltech, has died, his family announced.
Richard Helgerson, a scholar of literature and a professor at Caltech, has died.
Children playing with matches were probably to blame for a series grass fires in Oswestry, fire bosses said today.
Children were to blame for a series grass fires.
Libya's independent leader Muammar Gaddafi while addressing the United Nations said Kashmir should be an independent buffer state between India and Pakistan.
Kashmir should be an buffer state.
The Australian market has received positive leads from offshore trading overnight, with securities indices more buoyant and both gold and oil reversing recent losses.
The Australian market has received positive leads.
Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe yesterday rejected calls by fellow African leaders to postpone today's presidential election, saying there could be no interference in his country even from the African Union.
Robert Mugabe yesterday rejected calls by fellow African leaders.
Actress Jennifer Garner says she wants to make a return to action movies after visiting her husband Ben Affleck on the set of his new crime drama ``Runner, Runner''.
Jennifer Garner wants to make a return to action movies.
More than $17 million is on the way to the area to fight blight in the city of Saginaw.
More than $ 17 million is on the way to fight in the city of Saginaw.
The Republican presidential candidates clashed bitterly and personally over health care and immigration in a snarling Tuesday night debate that featured some of the most barbed and heated exchanges of the months-long campaign.
The Republican presidential candidates clashed over health care and immigration.
Dr. Lesley M. Hallick was named the 17th president of Pacific University in a morning ceremony today at Old College Hall on the University's Forest Grove campus.
Dr. Lesley M. Hallick was named the 17th president of Pacific University.
A North Vancouver registered massage therapist has been found guilty of sexually assaulting one of his patients a number of times during treatments.
A North Vancouver massage therapist has been found guilty of sexually assaulting one of his patients.
The cruise ship Mona Lisa with 984 people on board ran aground early on Sunday in the Baltic Sea, off the northwest coast of Latvia, the coast guard said.
The cruise ship ran aground.
Gamania announced today that Noriyuki Iwadare, famed Japanese videogame music producer and composer of the classic console tactical RPG series Langrisser, will return to once again compose for Langrisser Schwarz
Noriyuki Iwadare will return to compose for Langrisser Schwarz.
A commissioner is going to bat for a resident with a gravel driveway who, after 10 years, is being told he must replace it with cement or asphalt.
A commissioner is going to bat with a driveway.
The deadline to apply for the newest American Board of Veterinary Practitioners certification, exotic companion mammal practice, is quickly approaching.
The deadline to apply for the newest certification is approaching.
Hawaii seasonally adjusted unemployment rate fell to 6-point-3 percent last month from 6-point-6 percent in May.
Hawaii seasonally adjusted unemployment rate fell.
Overseas now to The Philippines, where president Benigno Aquino has declared a state of national calamity.
The Philippines Benigno Aquino has declared a state of national calamity.
An Albuquerque man accused of shooting his brother-in-law with a crossbow on Christmas Eve has an extensive violent past.
An man accused of shooting with a crossbow has an violent past.
A documented Sureno gang member was arrested for an attempted robbery April 14 at a San Rafael market, according to San Rafael police.
A gang member was arrested.
Canadian prisoners will be paying more for room and board next year, Canada's tough-on-crime Public Safety Minister Vic Toews said Wednesday, Xinhua news agency reported.
Canadian prisoners will be paying more for room and board.
One Florida Lotto player won $21 million after matching all six winning numbers in the latest drawing, lottery officials said today.
One Florida Lotto player won $ 21 million.
Three firefighters were injured Thursday while rescuing a woman from a fire in her house.
Three firefighters were injured while rescuing.
The lads in One Direction have hired personal assistants to wait on them hand and foot.
The lads in One Direction have hired personal assistants.
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke called on US lawmakers to consider rules limiting federal spending, annual deficits or accumulated debt to curtail the risk of a fiscal crisis.
Ben S. Bernanke called on lawmakers to consider rules limiting federal spending.
I got excited today while reading news accounts that rapper 50 Cent had dropped about 50 pounds for a new movie role in ``Things Fall Apart.''
50 Cent had dropped about 50 pounds for a role in Things Fall Apart.
CIMB Thai Bank said it had no plans to delist when its parent, Malaysia's CIMB Group Holdings Bhd, gets a listing in Bangkok, which is expected this year.
CIMB Thai Bank said it had no plans to delist.
``It is a common man's budget with no increase in freight and passenger fares.
It is a common man's budget.
The Australian market ended Friday's trading session in negative territory, dragged down by banks taking cues from Wall Street where the major averages witnessed sharp sell-off in late trading session, despite positive economic data, amid concerns about the debt crisis in Europe.
The Australian market ended in negative territory.
You are a fool if you think Elvis is still alive.
You are a fool.
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo endorsed Rep. Charles Rangel, who is facing a tough upcoming primary.
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo endorsed Charles Rangel.
nglish soccer club Chelsea won the UEFA European Champions League final on Saturday night, defeating Bayern Munich in a penalty shoot-out, four years after they had failed in the final of the same competition, also in a penalty shoot-out, under Israeli coach Avram Grant.
Chelsea won the European Champions League final four years after they had failed under Israeli coach Avram Grant.
Congressman Tom Reed announced on Monday that his Washington , DC Office and his Corning District Office have begun operation.
Tom Reed Washington,, DC Office have begun operation.
FNB Corp., one of Pittsburgh's largest banks, will consolidate 20 branches by year-end, President and CEO Vincent Delie Jr. said Wednesday during a second quarter earnings call with analysts.
FNB Corp. will consolidate 20 branches.
'The Riches' star Minnie Driver has finally confirmed what we've all known for month--her pregnancy.
Minnie Driver has confirmed -- her pregnancy.
The Janata Dal-United, a key BJP ally, on Wednesday announced it was going solo in the Uttar Pradesh assembly polls after seat-sharing talks with the BJP's top leaders collapsed.
The Janata Dal-United was going solo in the Uttar Pradesh polls.
Serbian police on Sunday removed a monument to Albanian rebels in a mainly ethnic Albanian southern city of Serbia, a step that risked raising tensions in the area.
Serbian police removed a monument to Albanian rebels.
US stocks jumped sharply higher on Friday, closing out the best week in two years and starting the second half on a solid positive note.
US stocks jumped sharply higher.
The euro is nearing parity with the Swiss franc as concerns about European government debt squeeze the 17-nation currency on the foreign exchange markets.
The euro is nearing parity with the Swiss franc.
In a six hour grilling by the UK Iraq Inquiry, Mr Blair said he ``would do it again''.
Blair said he would do again.
More than 200 council staff say they have been bullied at work and under half feel valued in their jobs.
More than 200 council staff say they have been bullied at work.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday left for Nay Pyi Taw on a three day visit to Myanmar during which the two countries are expected to take a series of initiatives to bolster bilateral relations in several key areas, including energy, trade and connectivity sector.
Manmohan Singh left on a visit to Myanmar.
Ubisoft announced today that it has launched Uplay alongside the Xbox 360 and PS3 versions of Assassin's Creed II, and it will also be available for PC when that version launches as well.
Ubisoft has launched Uplay alongside the Xbox 360 and PS3 versions of Assassin's Creed II.
Elections BC says the HST voting process that comes to an end this afternoon has gone ``remarkably well''.
Elections BC says the HST voting process has gone well.
12 hours ago Canadian speedskater Denny Morrison is expected to be out of action until March after breaking his leg while cross-country skiing.
Canadian speedskater Denny Morrison is expected to be after breaking his leg while cross-country skiing.
Volkswagen says it will keep the Passat name for its new midsize vehicle that will be built at the company's new US plant in Tennessee.
Volkswagen will keep the Passat name for its new midsize vehicle.
Newt Gingrich made yet another comeback Republican presidential race last night, ending a six-week losing streak with a decisive win in his home state.
Newt Gingrich made yet another comeback last night.
Legendary actress Elizabeth Taylor, whose violet eyes, tumultuous love life and passion for diamonds became a byword for Hollywood glamour, died on Wednesday at age 79.
Elizabeth Taylor, died at age 79.
Singer-actor Justin Timberlake is heading to Las Vegas with Christina Aguilera for a special charity concert.
Justin Timberlake is heading to Las Vegas with Christina Aguilera.
The recently released report reveals that older gas appliances pose a greater risk to CO incidents, with more than two thirds of CO incidents reported involved central heating appliances, of which 50% were older central heating boilers.
Older gas appliances pose a greater risk to CO incidents.
Another Afghan Christian convert, who was also in prison at the same time as more well-known convert Said Musa, was recently released and has made it to a safe country, reported a Christian persecution watchdog group on Wednesday.
Another Afghan Christian convert, who was, was released.
The Philippine Catholic Church has opened a website where Filipinos could offer Masses for the dead in time for the traditional days of remembering departed loved ones, a spokesman said Monday.
The Catholic Church has opened a website Filipinos could offer Masses for the dead.
Virgin's Sir Richard Branson has agreed to donate $2,000 to a Glendale homeless shelter after the mogul ran a one-day Twitter campaign to raise awareness after being inspired by volunteer Shannon Smith who contacted Branson wanting to ``walk in his shoes'' for a day.
Virgin's Sir Richard Branson has agreed to donate $ 2,000 to a Glendale homeless shelter.
Ghana midfielder Mubarak Wakaso was the hero as he scored a classy goal and set up another as he returned from suspension to help Espanyol beat Osasuna 2-0 in Spain on Sunday.
Ghana midfielder Mubarak Wakaso was the hero as he scored a classy goal.
Police officers Kulasuriya Arachchige Wasantha Kulasuriya and Madawala Watthegedara Sunil Dayananda of Gokarella Police were acquitted by Kurunegala High Court judge Lalith Jayasuriya.
Police officers were acquitted.
China strongly condemned the reported fatal shooting of a Taiwanese fisherman, a Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said Thursday.
China condemned the fatal shooting of a Taiwanese fisherman.
Schmidt talked about the recession, which he now considers to be 'behind us', and the technological advances of Google, including the new mobile phones that are coming out, saying that they ``make money, and lots of it, it turns out from advertising on mobile phones.''
Schmidt talked about the recession, he considers to be.
Canadian Centerra is likely to develop another gold mine in Kyrgyzstan at the initiative of the Kyrgyzstan's Development Fund, the Ministry of Natural Resources informed the news agency 24.kg on Monday.
Centerra is likely to develop another gold mine in Kyrgyzstan.
A Pennsylvania man has died from injuries suffered in a fall at a Buckhannon wood products plant.
A man has died from injuries suffered in a fall at a plant.
``I've pretty well been disgusted by all the media, right and left, after this episode,'' Coburn said during an interview on NBC's ``Meet the Press.''
I 've been disgusted by the media, Coburn said.
SENIOR US general David Petraeus on Tuesday hailed 'important breakthroughs' and detentions in Pakistan, following the capture of a top Afghan Taleban commander and reports of other arrests.
David Petraeus hailed breakthroughs.
Chief Minister Jayalalithaa on Friday conducted an aerial survey of Chennai city, its suburbs and garbage dump yards.
Jayalalithaa conducted an aerial survey.
'The National Telecom Policy 2011 will be forwarded to the Telecom Commission for a review and thereafter to the cabinet for a final decision,' R. Chandrashekhar, secretary, Department of Telecom, said in an event here.
The National Telecom Policy 2011 will be forwarded to the cabinet.
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad called for a new world order not dominated by Western powers in the service of ``the devil.''
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad called for a new world order.
Bombardier Inc. plans to cut production of its flagship CRJ regional jet, a move that points to slowing demand in a rocky global market, but also larger strategic issues besetting the aerospace giant.
Bombardier Inc. plans to cut production of its CRJ regional jet.
LinkedIn has unveiled a free iPad app, which has a different look from the website.
LinkedIn has unveiled a iPad app.
President Obama on Tuesday signed a food safety bill that gives the Food and Drug Administration new authority to prevent foodborne illness.
Obama signed a food safety bill.
Apple has today launched a new standalone app for Podcasts that runs on iPhone and iPad.
Apple has today launched a standalone app for Podcasts.
The Italian manufacturing activity growth eased in February, the Markit Economics showed on Monday.
The Italian manufacturing activity growth eased in February.
California scientists said on Tuesday that they found four new viruses in healthy honey bee colonies.
Scientists said they found four new viruses in honey bee colonies.
Tiger Woods took the lead on his seventh hole and held it for the rest of the day as his Australian Open rivals tried to cut into his nine-under-par lead, to no avail.
Tiger Woods took and held the lead as his Australian Open rivals tried.
Christina Applegate showed off her growing baby bump while out in Los Angeles on Monday with her fiance, Martyn LeNoble.
Christina Applegate showed off her growing baby bump.
Germany today marks the 60th anniversary of the start of the Berlin airlift, Deutsche Welle informed.
Germany today marks the 60th anniversary of the start of the Berlin airlift.
Villarreal were held to a dull 0-0 draw at Real Mallorca in La Liga on Sunday, a result which saw their chances of securing automatic qualification for next season's Champions League fade away.
Villarreal were held to a dull draw at Real Mallorca.
As a part of their celebration of their 50th year in Los Angeles, the Lakers returned to the Forum in Inglewood for the second game of the 2009 pre-season schedule.
The Lakers returned to the Forum.
More Asian issuers rushed into the bond market towards the end of last week amid expectations that the flow of funds into the emerging markets will intensify following the US Federal Reserve's decision to ease monetary conditions as it commences quantitative easing with the purchase of US$40 billion worth of mortgage-backed securities a month.
More Asian issuers rushed into the bond market.
This Saturday April 4th Johnson will return to Hickory Motor Speedway to pilot the #74 Johnson Cooling --
This Johnson will return to Hickory Motor Speedway.
Clinton, who is secretary of state under President Barack Obama, said on Sunday that she is not planning to run again for president or any other political office.
She is not planning to run for president.
South Sydney have signed one of the best young forwards in rugby league, securing 20-year-old Great Britain star Sam Burgess for four years.
South Sydney have signed, securing Great Britain star Sam Burgess.
Celebrity blogger Perez Hilton says he wanted to become a dad because kids, unlike boyfriends, are forever.
Perez Hilton wanted to become a dad.
yahoostocknews Alibaba chief steps up attack on Yahoo: (at Financial Times) - The dispute between Alibaba, China's biggest e-comm...
Alibaba chief steps up attack on Yahoo.
Morocco is a recognized microcredit champion, boasting 40 percent of client outreach in the Arab world and host to some of the best performing microfinance institutions in the world, a Focus note said.
Morocco is a recognized microcredit champion a Focus note said.
Princess Beatrice has escaped unhurt after a car crash near Buckingham Palace in central London.
Princess Beatrice has escaped unhurt after a car crash in London.
Ghana 's parliament approved an emergency USD 175mn budget aiming to decrease a larger than anticipated fiscal shortfall.
Ghana's parliament approved an emergency USD 175mn budget.
South Korean consumer confidence declined for a second straight month after quickening inflation prompted the central bank to raise borrowing costs again.
South Korean consumer confidence declined for a second straight month prompted.
A middle-aged Dunedin man died while snorkelling during a hunting trip to Stewart Island on Monday.
A man died while snorkelling.
The latest poll of voter sentiment has National able to govern New Zealand alone after the coming election, but party strategists are downplaying the findings.
The latest poll has National able to govern alone.
Portuguese striker Pauleta is ready to retire if he fails to receive a tempting offer of a new challenge.
Pauleta is ready to retire.
The Indian Air Force will soon switch over to a modern communication system - AFNET, with foolproof security in the areas of operation, maintenance and administration, a top IAF official said on Tuesday.
The Indian Air Force will switch over to a modern communication system AFNET, said.
Unicef, with its global partners, is marking World Breastfeeding Week with a call for the benefits of breastfeeding to be broadcast beyond clinics and delivery rooms to the public at large, particularly to young people.
Unicef is marking World Breastfeeding Week.
Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney made a campaign stop in Ankeny on Friday morning.
Mitt Romney made a campaign stop in Ankeny.
At least four local stations will continue to broadcast in analog past the Federal Communication Commission's original analog termination date of Tuesday because of a last-minute move by the FCC.
At least four local stations will continue to broadcast in analog.
Today, when she has a niche of her own, the actress says she doesn't regret any of her mistakes.
The actress doesn't regret any of her mistakes.
Microsoft today announced that it intends to acquire DATAllegro Inc., a provider of data warehouse appliances.
Microsoft intends to acquire DATAllegro Inc..
Mons, Belgium - Vetasoft today is pleased to announce the release of 8 bit Vs 16 bit 1.0 for iOS, an old retro style game with an all new simple and addictive concept including Retina and Game Center support.
Mons, Vetasoft today is pleased to announce the release of 8 bit Vs 16 bit 1.0 for iOS.
The Symbian Foundation is reportedly shutting down its website next month, on December 17.
The Symbian Foundation is shutting down its website next month.
Apple introduced iCloud, a set of free new cloud services that work with applications on the iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac or PC to automatically and wirelessly store content in iCloud and automatically and wirelessly push it to all back again.
Apple introduced iCloud.
Nizhny Novgorod Oblast of Russia invites Minsk Oblast to sign a cooperation agreement, Chairman of Nizhny Novgorod Oblast Legislative Assembly Evgeny Lebedev said as he met with Deputy Chairman of the House of Representatives of the National Assembly of Belarus Viktor Guminsky, BelTA learnt.
Nizhny Novgorod Oblast invites Minsk Oblast to sign a cooperation agreement, said.
HUGE progress made to close the economic gap between the North-East and the rest of the UK is too big a prize to lose, it was claimed yesterday.
Progress made and the rest is too big a prize to lose.
Sooners finish dominating run with 2nd NCAA title With a loaded lineup and the returning national player of the year, Oklahoma breezed through its softball season in dominant fashion.
Sooners finish dominating run with 2nd NCAA title.
QUEENSLAND Rail is about to start making more noise about its quiet carriages in an effort to make people aware of the expectation they travel in silence in certain parts of the train.
QUEENSLAND Rail is about to start making noise about its quiet carriages.
McFly drummer Harry Judd and his professional partner Aliona Vilani won the glitterball trophy on 'Strictly Come Dancing' last night.
Harry Judd won on Strictly Come Dancing.
Uganda is hosting a Gulf Co-operation Council investment forum here this week at which local Ugandan businessmen will find opportunities to meet international businessmen.
Uganda is hosting a Gulf Co-operation Council investment forum.
The City of Kitchener has declared a 'snow event' meaning there is no parking at all today on all city streets.
The City of Kitchener has declared a snow event.
UK car production finally fell in July following eight successive months of growth, the latest industry figures have revealed.
Car production fell following eight months of growth.
A busy morning for Savannah-Chatham Police after two unrelated shootings sent two men to the hospital.
A morning after two unrelated shootings sent two men to the hospital.
Florida State defensive end Bjoern Werner will enter the NFL draft, the school announced Thursday.
Bjoern Werner will enter the NFL draft.
An Iranian lawmaker says the United States does not favor an independent Latin America, stressing that Iran will spare no effort for the independence of the revolutionary people in that region.
The United States does not favor an independent Latin America.
India imported most of its Sulphur from different countries like 29888 MT from Qatar, 28389 MT from UAE, 10980 MT from Bahrain, 3742 MT from Russia, 487 MT from Iraq and 880 MT from Other Countries.
India imported most of its Sulphur from different countries like 29888 MT from Qatar, 28389 MT from UAE, 10980 MT from Bahrain.
The Tulsa County Fair board is considering downsizing Fair Meadows at their meeting Tuesday.
The Tulsa County Fair board is considering downsizing Fair Meadows.
A Greater Cincinnati tradition returns this weekend to Newport on the Levee when Glier's Goettafest celebrates its 10th anniversary with an array of additions, including a Goetta topping, presented by Graeter's Ice Cream.
Glier's Goettafest celebrates its 10th anniversary.
A statement issued by the London hospital where he is being treated said: 'Fabrice Muamba remains in intensive care at The London Chest Hospital, where today he is showing small signs of improvement.
Fabrice Muamba is showing signs of improvement.
A little boy in Britain wrote a heartfelt missive to an estate owner, asking for a custom designed chimney for Santa, Reuters reports.
A boy wrote, asking for a custom designed chimney for Santa.
Sivaganga district recorded the highest number of fake documents seeking fresh passports during last year, said Deputy Inspector General of Police P. Balasubramanian, who is holding additional charge as DIG of Police.
Sivaganga district recorded the highest number of fake documents seeking fresh passports.
Amylin Inc., the maker of drugs for metabolic diseases, said its fourth-quarter loss narrowed on lower costs.
Amylin Inc. said its loss narrowed on lower costs.
Rihanna has reportedly 'bombarded' clean cut Joe Jonas with 'raunchy texts', determined to take him on the 'wildest ride of his life'.
Rihanna has bombarded Joe Jonas with raunchy texts.
Today is the last day to register for the primary on August 24th.
Today is the last day to register for the primary.
Idaho will receive more than $658,000 as part of the largest health care fraud settlement in US history, Attorney General Lawrence Wasden said.
Idaho will receive more than $ 658,000 as part of the health care fraud settlement.
Justin Bieber says that Selena Gomez and he never try to hide their relationship for any cause.
Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber never try to hide their relationship.
A tornado watch issued for much of Western North Carolina by the National Weather Service has expired.
A tornado watch has expired.
Ronaldinho ( Images ) said he was unsure if he would stay at AC Milan ( Images ) next term after scoring two goals in the Rossoneri's 3-0 win over Juventus ( Images ) in their final game of the season on Saturday.
Ronaldinho was unsure if he would stay at AC Milan.
The so-called religious runaway case is headed back to an Ohio court Tuesday for a custody dispute with her family.
The religious runaway case is headed back to an court.
Google has agreed to buy Frommer's travel guidebooks from the US publishing company John Wiley \u0026 Sons, as the search giant looks to expand its original content offering.
Google has agreed to buy Frommer's travel guidebooks.
Oil prices fell below $37 a barrel Tuesday in Asia as a deepening global slowdown weighed on expectations for crude demand.
Oil prices fell below $ 37.
American hip-hop artist and actor Common proves he is an uncommon man as he appears on this month's cover of Michigan Avenue magazine and talks about women, work, dreams and Kanye West.
Common is an uncommon man as he appears on this month's cover of Michigan Avenue magazine.
Greg Ip, the US economics editor for The Economist, will give a public lecture at Washington and Lee University on Thursday, Feb. 5, at 5 pm in Room 327 of Huntley Hall.
Greg Ip, the editor for The Economist, will give a public lecture at Washington and Lee University.
Poland will levy taxes on a broader array of hydrocarbons than just shale gas but they will be implemented only once commercial shale gas extraction is underway, a ministry spokesperson confirmed for PAP following a wire report.
Poland will levy taxes on a broader array of hydrocarbons.
Brett Favre is no longer wearing the almost comically oversized walking boot that he used as a dramatic prop in his weekly press conference.
Brett Favre is no longer wearing the walking boot.
Country singer Chely Wright has come out of the closet as a lesbian, according to People.
Country singer Chely Wright has come out of the closet.
Celtic won the final game of their Aussie tour 1-0 in Melbourne, with Neil Lennon making a couple of changes to the side that beat Perth.
Celtic won the final game of their Aussie tour 1.
Morehead State men's basketball standout Kenneth Faried earned two more postseason honors Wednesday, both from CollegeInsider.com.
Kenneth Faried earned two postseason honors, from CollegeInsider.com.
Former cabinet minister Chris Huhne and his ex-wife Vicky Pryce have each been jailed for eight months for perverting the course of justice.
Chris Huhne and Vicky Pryce have been jailed for eight months.
KJ Choi, who scored his breakthrough victory on the PGA Tour in New Orleans in 2002, is the latest highly ranked golfer to commit to play in the Zurich Classic of New Orleans.
KJ Choi is the golfer to commit to play in the Zurich Classic of New Orleans.
Sesame Street Live returns to the Fargodome with ``Elmo's Green Thumb'' at 7 pm Oct. 8, 10:30 am and 2 pm Oct. 9 and 1 and 4 pm Oct. 10.
Sesame Street Live returns to the Fargodome.
A new FM radio station is spicing up CNMI airwaves with authentic island music from all parts of the world-whether it be Chamorro/Carolinian, Jawaiian, roots reggae, you name it.
A new FM station is spicing up airwaves.
Internet minders voted Monday to allow virtually unlimited new domain names based on themes as varied as company brands, entertainment and political causes, in the system's biggest shake-up since it started 26 years ago.
Internet minders voted to allow unlimited domain names.
Niagara will ``weather the economic storm'' as there are plans to invest in infrastructure, spur economic growth and revitalize downtowns, said Peter Partington.
Niagara will weather the economic storm.
Survivors of the fatal bus accident that killed dozens of people recounted the horror today, a day after the incident.
Survivors recounted the horror.
Employees with the Ruston Airport confirm that a charter plane from Shreveport Regional Airport made an emergency landing at their facility today.
A charter plane made an emergency landing.
Micro-finance is in a ``danger zone'' and to think that poverty alleviation in India is possible through this ``discredited model'' is ``crap'', Rural Development Minister Jairam Ramesh said Wednesday.
Micro-finance is in a danger zone.
Videogame maker THQ Inc. filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, and said its assets will be acquired by affiliates of private equity firm Clearlake Capital Group LP in a roughly $60 million deal.
Videogame maker THQ Inc. filed for bankruptcy.
Foreign Secretary Shivshankar Menon who arrived in Colombo late Thursday will hold talks with President Mahinda Rajapaksa, the Foreign Minister and leaders of key political parties during his two-day trip, Government sources said on Friday.
Shivshankar Menon will hold talks with Mahinda Rajapaksa.
After all the Olympic hoopla, Usain Bolt says he just wants to get back to his day job - running fast.
Usain Bolt says he just wants to get back to his day job running.
JOHANNESBURG -Brazil goalkeeper Julio Cesar began practicing normally again on Thursday, indicating he is over a back injury and ready for the World Cup.
Julio Cesar began practicing normally again, indicating he is over a injury.
Two kayaks capsized near Charles Island in Milford Sunday morning at 9:38 am hours, public safety officials says.
Two kayaks capsized near Charles Island.
The meeting of Armenian, Azerbaijani and Russian Foreign Ministers scheduled for March 25 was put off, Interfax reports referring to a source at the Russian Foreign Ministry.
The meeting of Armenian, Azerbaijani and Russian Foreign Ministers was put off, Interfax reports.
Actor Juhi Chawla is reportedly miffed with actor Shah Rukh Khan, as he did not inform her about the fact that her ailing brother Bobby Chadha, who was the CEO OF SRK's Red Chillies, has been replaced by Venky Mysore.
Juhi Chawla is miffed with Shah Rukh Khan.
Khartoum on Thursday said it seeks peace with South Sudan and hopes the South responds favourably to African Union and UN resolutions for ending hostilities.
Khartoum said it seeks peace with South Sudan.
A complex trough is moving across New Zealand on Monday and early Tuesday, bringing a cooler southerly change.
A complex trough is moving, bringing a cooler southerly change.
Former Hawks spokesperson Colonel McIntosh Polela has been fired for his now infamous Vaseline tweet, according to a Beeld report.
Former Hawks spokesperson has been fired.
It's those strong winds that could possibly pose a danger to large trees around your home.
It's those strong winds that could pose a danger to large trees.
The trade surplus narrowed by 23 per cent in December as exports fell and imports climbed by 8 per cent.
The trade surplus narrowed in December.
Political journalist and commentator Anthony Howard has died after a short illness, his family says.
Political journalist Anthony Howard has died.
Finnish/Swedish symphonic metallers NIGHTWISH kicked off their Australian tour Sunday night at Metro Fremantle in Perth.
NIGHTWISH kicked off their Australian tour.
A Tennessee father reportedly tried to sell his daughter for bail money for his girlfriend.
A father tried to sell his daughter for bail money.
One does not have to be a theist to recall and appreciate the words of the great Greek dramatist Euripides, who wrote 2400 years ago: ``Those whom God wishes to destroy, he first drives mad''.
Whom God wishes to destroy.
Punjab Governor Sardar Latif Khosa has urged doctors to honour their oath rather than making it a mere ritual.
Sardar Latif Khosa has urged doctors to honour their oath.
Resistant Italian ryegrass populations have increased across the southern winter wheat growing regions and are continuing to threaten wheat production in the region.
Resistant Italian ryegrass populations have increased.
Mica, R-Winter Park, toured Port Canaveral on Feb. 13.
Mica toured Port Canaveral.
Liza Minnelli said she had to sing through the pain to make her new album as she injured her knee.
Liza Minnelli had to sing through the pain to make her new album.
In Iran, reformist candidate Mahdi Karoubi charged that the authorities were preventing doctors from issuing medical certificates to protesters wounded during the post-election unrest.
In Iran, Mahdi Karoubi charged the authorities were preventing doctors from issuing medical certificates to protesters.
The Budget for 2011-12 will have an inflationary impact, former finance minister and Bhartiya Janata Party MP and former Finance Minister Yashwant Sinha today said.
The Budget will have an inflationary impact, today said.
Kentucky Attorney General Jack Conway said he is considering a run for the US Senate seat currently being held by Republican Senator Jim Bunning who is up for election in 2010.
Jack Conway said he is considering a run for the Senate seat.
Peter Andre has offered his support to Cheryl Cole amidst rumours that her marriage to Ashley is over.
Peter Andre has offered his support to Cheryl Cole.
General Motors Co. said it could cut about 354 jobs at its Vauxhall plant in Luton, England, as it restructures its European operations, which also include Opel.
General Motors Co. could cut about 354 jobs at its Vauxhall plant.
A Milpitas science teacher has been placed on leave after showing parts of the graphic anti-abortion film ``The Silent Scream'' to five eighth-grade classes.
A Milpitas teacher has been placed on leave after showing parts of the anti-abortion film.
Case Western Reserve University has received a $20.5 million gift from Donald Goodman, DDS and Ruth Weber Goodman.
Case Western Reserve University has received a $ 20.5 million gift.
Today, Planters, America's leading snack nut brand, launches a new marketing campaign that features Mr. Peanut, the beloved icon, speaking for the first time in 94 years in a series of stop-motion animation commercials that bring to life the ``Naturally Remarkable'' world of Planters.
Planters features Mr. Peanut speaking for the first time in 94 years.
Paris Hilton will avoid jail time in connection with her pending drug case in Las Vegas, Nevada under a plea deal worked out with prosecutors, the Las Vegas Review-Journal reported Friday.
Paris Hilton will avoid jail time.
A 26-years-old Hattiesburg man was killed during a shooting late Wednesday at a Lamar County apartment.
A Hattiesburg man was killed during a shooting.
A defense witness in the murder trial of ex-Batangas governor Jose Antonio Leviste had admitted to being a disbarred lawyer.
A witness had admitted to being a disbarred lawyer.
AT\u0026T opened a new innovation center in Ra'anana, Israel, together with Amdocs.
AT\u0026T opened a innovation center in Ra'anana, Israel.
Lion Nathan, a producer of beer and wine products, has extended its partnership with Diageo, an international liquor company, to sell, market and distribute Captain Morgan rum in New Zealand.
Lion Nathan has extended its partnership with Diageo.
STANFORD, Calif. Alfred Lane , MD, knows that kids love summer and kids love sun. However, Dr. Lane cautions, parents must remember that ``there's no such thing as a good tan.''
There's no such thing as a good tan.
A Tuscaloosa County man was injured when a bullet, likely from a nearby shooting range, came through his car window.
A man was injured a bullet came through his car window.
Michael Jackson's former wife Debbie Rowe kids custody emails have apparently been leaked to the media by a close friend of Rowe.
Debbie Rowe kids custody emails have been leaked.
A Palmetto Bay man was shot early Tuesday while exchanging gunfire with a trio of robbers, police said.
A Palmetto Bay man was shot while exchanging gunfire with a trio of robbers.
Toyota announced today that it has developed the world's first SRS rear window curtain shield airbag to protect rear passengers' heads in the event of a rear-end collision.
Toyota has developed the world's first rear window curtain shield airbag.
England will name a new cricket captain after Michael Vaughan decided to step down following his team's Test series loss to South Africa and Paul Collingwood announced he'd stepped down as one day skipper.
England will name a new captain.
Wholesale inflation slowed in April following a big jump in March, but the improvement is likely to be temporary as consumers are battered in coming months by price hikes for gasoline, food and a host of other items.
Wholesale inflation slowed in April.
Australia has won the toss and elected to bowl in cloudy conditions in their cricket World Cup match against New Zealand at Nagpur today.
Australia has won the toss.
Kid Rock has claimed that he will ``go to war'' with animal rights group PETA.
Kid Rock will go to war with PETA.
A 51-year-old man was struck and killed on Interstate 85 Wednesday night as he was picking up possessions he had lost along the highway, Lee County Coroner Bill Harris said.
A man was struck and killed on Interstate 85.
Performances To Grow On presents the Pushcart Players in their production of ``Peter and the Wolf'' at 4 pm Sat., March 7 in the Scherr Forum Theatre, Thousand Oaks Civic Arts Plaza, 2100 E. Thousand Oaks Blvd.
Performances To Grow On presents the Pushcart Players in their production of Peter and the Wolf.
QUEENSLAND State of Origin rugby league star Greg Inglis has formally indicated he will contest charges he assaulted his former girlfriend.
Greg Inglis will contest charges he assaulted his former girlfriend.
A ground squirrel trapped at a popular campground in southern California has tested positive for plague.
A squirrel trapped at a campground has tested positive for plague.
Apr. 28, 2008 06:06 AM CHICAGO - Candy maker Mars Inc. says it's buying confectioner Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co. in an all-cash deal valued at almost $23 billion.
Mars Inc.'s buying Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co..
Cricket News 1 hour ago Former Australian umpire Darrell Hair questions Muttiah Murlitharan's action yet again Former Australian umpire Darrell Hair has yet again accused legendary Sri Lankan off-spinner Muttiah Muralitharan of chucking.
Former Australian umpire Darrell Hair questions Muttiah Murlitharan's action.
EMC Corporation, OfficeMax Incorporated and AVANIR Pharmaceuticals are three potential buyout targets to watch in 2010.
EMC Corporation, are three potential buyout targets to watch in 2010.
After spending five days in a tree, Buddy the cat was rescued Sunday night.
After spending five days in a tree, the cat was rescued.
Hampton said, ``The Vikings need to go down there and hit that town like Katrina.''
Hampton said, and hit that town like Katrina.
A new study of over 600 workers in China suggests that workplace exposure to Bisphenol-A, an organic compound used to make plastics and other products in daily use, is linked to increased risk of erectile dysfunction and other male sexual problems such as difficulty ejaculating and sexual desire.
Exposure to Bisphenol-A is linked to risk of erectile dysfunction and other male sexual problems.
Target has expanded its recall of Circo child booster seats following more reports of children falling when restraint-buckles unexpectedly opened.
Target has expanded its recall of Circo child booster seats.
The Emmaus boys and Nazareth girls each won LVC lacrosse titles on Monday night in the rain at Andrew Leh Stadium.
The Emmaus boys and Nazareth girls won lacrosse titles.
Three area legislators made the conservation honor roll for their votes during the 2006-07 legislative session.
Three area legislators made the conservation honor roll.
BART ridership hit a new record high on Saturday and was expected to spike again Sunday, the transit agency announced.
BART ridership hit a new record high.
A Royal Bengal tigress was shot dead by security forces near Kaziranga National Park in Assam on Monday.
A tigress was shot dead near Kaziranga National Park.
Fire closes Victorian parks and forests Updated: 11:25, Wednesday January 23, 2013 A number of national parks and state forests have been closed in Victoria's northeast after 37 bushwalkers had to be airlifted out because of bushfires.
Fire closes Victorian parks and forests.
The British Museum has brought a bit of South Africa to central London with an African landscaped garden in front of the Museum.
The British Museum has brought a bit of South Africa to central London.
Hyperdynamics Corporation has received a non-compliance warning letter from the staff of the NYSE Amex stock exchange concerning the Company's issuance of shares of its common stock on November 16, 2009.
Hyperdynamics Corporation has received a non-compliance warning letter from the staff of the NYSE Amex exchange.
The minimum wage board will sit again on next Monday after visiting a readymade garment factory on Saturday before finalising minimum pay for workers, official sources said.
The minimum wage board will sit on next Monday.
A solicitor has been jailed for four years for trying to smuggle drugs and mobile phones into a prison.
A solicitor has been jailed for trying to smuggle drugs and phones into a prison.
Number of dengue patients has risen to 7,776 in Punjab, with 7,000 in Lahore alone.
Number of dengue patients has risen to 7,776 in Punjab.
A Swedish atlas was recovered from a New York City gallery years after it was stolen from the Royal Library of Sweden by one of its chief librarians.
A Swedish atlas was recovered from a New York City gallery years.
Britons now cook a wider range of dishes and spend longer in the kitchen than the French, according to a BBC survey.
Britons cook and spend longer in the kitchen than the French.
Former ABBA star Agnetha Faeltskog is releasing new album 'A' - her first collection of songs for almost 10 years - in May.
ABBA star Agnetha Faeltskog is releasing new album A.
Sirius Real Estate has completed the acquisition of Sirius Facilities GmbH and other assets from the interests of Kevin and Frank Oppenheim and the Principle Capital Group.
Sirius Real Estate has completed the acquisition of Sirius Facilities GmbH.
Rolling Stones rocker Sir Mick Jagger wants to duet with R\u0026B queen Mary J. Blige.
Mick Jagger wants to duet with Mary J. Blige.
Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers will be performing live at the Blossom Music Center in Cuyahoga Falls , Ohio on June 22 at 7:00 pm.
Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers will be performing at the Blossom Music Center, on June 22.
The independent energy company Apache Corp., based in Houston, says it is buying another Houston-based firm, Mariner Energy, for $2.7 billion to extend its deepwater projects in the Gulf of Mexico.
The Apache Corp. says it is buying for $ 2.7 billion.
A tragic fireworks accident has put one man in the hospital this 4th of July weekend.
A fireworks accident has put one man in the hospital.
NightHawk Radiology Services , the largest US provider of professional teleradiology services, and Timaq medical imaging Inc., the leading Swiss Imaging CRO announce a strategic alliance to provide unsurpassed medical imaging services for clinical trials.
NightHawk Radiology Services, announce a strategic alliance.
A Lindsay youth is facing drug charges after the Drug Unit found 35 grams of marijuana and a throwing star when searching a Marknoll Avenue home Friday.
A youth is facing drug charges.
President Barack Obama has declared a major disaster in Minnesota after severe storms, tornadoes and flooding earlier this month.
Barack Obama has declared a major disaster in Minnesota.
The pharmaceutical giant Pfizer is in talks to buy rival Wyeth in a merger deal that could be worth $60-billion, the Wall Street Journal said on Friday.
The giant Pfizer is in talks to buy rival Wyeth.
Citigroup has taken over EMI, the music label of The Beatles, Pink Floyd and dozens of other acts, from London private equity firm Terra Firma.
Citigroup has taken over EMI.
The central Cuban province of Sancti Spiritus has increased production of construction materials for the domestic market and export.
The Cuban province has increased production of construction materials.
Megasteel Sdn Bhd, a unit of Malaysia's Lion Group, is looking for land to set up a tin ore mining plant in either Malaysia's Pahang or Terengganu states, Lion chairman William Cheng told reporters in Selangor today.
Megasteel Sdn Bhd is looking for land to set up a plant.
North Port Police have a warning for parents, after they say a man tried to lure children into his van using a puppy as bait.
A man tried to lure children into his van using a puppy as bait.
An angry Angelina Jolie has 'sentenced' Brad Pitt to sleep on the couch after learning that he still smokes pot, sources say.
An Angelina Jolie has sentenced Brad Pitt to sleep on the couch.
The four reasons why modern World Series are insignificant greatly involve the New York Yankees.
The four reasons modern World Series are insignificant involve.
The Lenovo company is launching its newest ThinkPad laptop, the W700 on Tuesday, and it promises to be one of the most advanced pieces of technology yet to come from Lenovo.
The Lenovo company is launching its newest ThinkPad laptop.
A churchgoer was stunned when she took her Bible to her place of worship and was told it could be worth several thousand pounds.
Her Bible could be worth several thousand pounds.
Theatre for a New Audience has announced selections for its 2011-2012 season, which will be the final one before moving to its first home in the BAM Cultural District.
Theatre for a New Audience has announced selections for its 2011 2012 season.
Great deals at the gas pump may be harder to come by in Wisconsin after minimum markup rules were reinstated.
Deals at the gas pump may be harder to come in Wisconsin.
Mayor Kevin Johnson criticized City Councilman Kevin McCarty Tuesday morning for holding a Friday press conference on the tax situation of the developers of the downtown railyards.
Kevin Johnson criticized City Councilman Kevin McCarty.
Los Angeles, Aug 21 Walt Disney has announced two new projects, one of them a dinosaurs feature, with CGI production company Pixar.
Walt Disney has announced two new projects.
Iran has been negotiating with other countries to import water into its provinces, that lack it, Khabar Online reported.
Iran has been negotiating with other countries to import water.
Brett Myers pitched into the eighth inning to earn his first win in 2½ months and the Houston Astros beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 4-1 on Tuesday night.
Brett Myers pitched to earn his win and the Houston Astros beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 4 1.
A PRIMARY school has been placed in special measures after a report criticised the quality of teaching, leadership and achievement of pupils at the school.
A PRIMARY school has been placed in special measures.
On July 4 th , he got a chance to live his ultimate dream of putting on a major league uniform and walking onto that field as a player.
He got a chance to live his dream.
DUMBARTON won the Stirlingshire Cup last night by beating Stenhousemuir 2-0 in the final at the Warriors' Ochilview Park.
DUMBARTON won the Stirlingshire Cup.
British gas prices remain weak today, helped by mild weather which trimmed heating fuel demand and Russian supply reaching Europe via Ukraine for the first time in two weeks.
British gas prices remain weak.
WELLINGTON picked up their second valuable point in four days with a gutsy display at Dawlish tonight.
WELLINGTON picked up their point.
The Seattle Seahawks today announced they have hired 52-year-old Mike DeBord as an offensive assistant coach.
The Seattle Seahawks have hired as an offensive assistant coach.
The recent developments related to the earthquake and radiation in Japan may affect the equipment supplied to Azerbaijan, the chairman of AZEL board of directors Rasim Ibrahimov said.
The developments related to the earthquake and radiation in Japan may affect the equipment supplied to Azerbaijan.
AP 11:26 PM Saturday, November 26, 2011 Hometown fighter Adrien Broner won the vacant WBO junior lightweight title Saturday night, stopping Argentina's Vicente Rodriguez in the third round at US Bank Arena.
AP 11:26 PM Adrien Broner won the WBO junior lightweight title.
``I'm not a big party person and I don't like throwing parties at all.
I 'm not a party person and I don't like.
To mark the occasion of his 66th birthday, Bowie released ``Where Are We Now?'' on Tuesday.
Where Are We Now.
The Minnesota Vikings agreed to terms with two draft picks on Tuesday -- fifth-round defensive tackle Letroy Guion and sixth-round receiver Jaymar Johnson.
The Minnesota Vikings agreed to terms with two draft picks.
Canadian travel agents are calling on the government to help clampdown on rogue operators to protect consumers from holiday nightmares.
Travel agents are calling to help clampdown on rogue operators.
China is on track to reintroduce the trading of government bond futures, a major financial derivatives instrument banned 17 years ago after a trading scandal, a person familiar with the matter said Thursday.
China is to reintroduce the trading of government bond futures.
A Winnipeg Free Press reporter and photographer have been nominated for national journalism awards for an already award-winning series on the lack of clean water and sewage services in the Island Lake region.
A Winnipeg Free Press reporter and photographer have been nominated for national awards.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Friday that Turkey will be with Libya in meeting needs in all fields, including politics, military, economy, commerce, infrastructure and superstructure.
Turkey will be with Libya.
YEREVAN, Armenia -Armenia beat Belgium 2-1 in a World Cup qualifier on Wednesday, the hosts' first victory in two years.
Armenia beat Belgium 2 1 in a World Cup qualifier.
Women believe that men with deep voices - like the late Barry White - are more likely to cheat Men with deep voices are more likely to cheat on their partners, women believe.
Women believe men with deep voices are more likely to cheat.
A US judge granted German homeschoolers asylum in January after ruling they faced persecution in Germany, where the practice is punishable with fines or imprisonment.
A US judge granted German homeschoolers asylum.
MID-CONTINENT OIL \u0026 GAS STANDARD OIL OF BC's MID-CONTINENT No. 4 reached the Taber sand about 3,260 ft, made a drill-stem test with bottom 13 ft in the sand at 3,273 ft, and obtained a 214 foot rise of crude oil and drill fluid.
MID-CONTINENT OIL \u0026 GAS STANDARD OIL reached the Taber sand.
Aug 8 - Dish Network Corp, the second-largest satellite TV operator in the United States, posted a lower quarterly profit.
8 Dish Network Corp posted a lower quarterly profit.
North India will continue to shiver by extreme cold weather by 6th Feb 2013 For more content go to http://http://www.indiatvnews.com/video/ Follow us on facebook at https://www.facebook.com/indiatvnws Follow us on twitter at https://twitter.com/indiatvnews
North India will continue to shiver by extreme cold weather.
Agriculture will be ``dramatically'' affected by climate change, says the paper, published by the International Food Policy Research Institute.
Agriculture will be dramatically affected by climate change.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will visit China from Feb. 20 to 22, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu announced here Tuesday.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will visit China.
European champions Spain beat 10-man Chile 2-1 on Friday to finish top of Group H and qualify for the last 16 of the World Cup.
Spain beat Chile 2 1 to finish top of Group H.
Joaquin Phoenix had such a good time being Paul Thomas Anderson's monkey in The Master that he's close to signing on to doing it all over again, this time as the star of Anderson's Inherent Vice.
Joaquin Phoenix had a time being he 's, this time as the star of Anderson's Inherent Vice.
Bubba Smith - the Michigan State football All-American who went on to an All-Pro NFL career with the Baltimore Colts, Oakland Raiders and Houston Oilers, then a successful acting and endorsement career - has passed away in Los Angeles.
Bubba Smith - has passed away.
A Minnesota man says police invaded his privacy when they entered his home to remind him to keep his doors closed and locked.
Police invaded his privacy.
Democracy can't be forced -- one can only do everything in one's power to help develop what I call a ``home-grown'' democracy, specific to a country and its people, Labour MP George Vella tells our sister newspaper in an interview appearing in tomorrow's issue.
Democracy can't be forced -- one can do to help develop.
Keith Olbermann has left MSNBC, anchoring his last 'Countdown With Keith Olbermann' on the news network Friday evening.
Keith Olbermann has left MSNBC.
Filming has begun on Baz Luhrmann's 3D drama The Great Gatsby at Sydney's Fox Studios.
Filming has begun on Baz Luhrmann's drama.
DENVER -The Colorado Rockies have acquired infielder Jose Lopez from the Seattle Mariners for right-hander Chaz Roe.
Colorado Rockies have acquired Jose Lopez from the Seattle Mariners.
Sahara India Pariwar acquired the iconic Grosvenor House hotel in London for 470 million pounds.
Sahara India Pariwar acquired the iconic Grosvenor House hotel in London.
India-based telecommunications company Tata Communications has launched an international cloud services business unit, based in Singapore.
Tata Communications has launched an international cloud services business unit.
The value stocks will make a comeback as the economy and earnings improve, said Robert Doll, vice chairman and global CIO of equities at BlackRock.
The value stocks will make a comeback.
Founders of Patni Computer Systems Ltd have sold 3,83,000 shares in the company through open market sale, the company said in a communique to the National Stock Exchange today.
Founders of Patni Computer Systems Ltd have sold 3,83,000 shares.
Flutteroo is delighted to announce that it is launching into North America and bringing its unique blend of fun, entertaining shopping and online auctions to this new market.
Flutteroo is launching into North America.
British researchers have found that young women preparing for intense careers are more apt than others to consider freezing their eggs to reduce later infertility risk.
Young women are more apt than others to consider freezing their eggs.
Iron ore prices dropped below $150 a tonne on Monday for the first time in two months as the physical market was ``desperately short of buyers'', according to a senior broker.
Iron ore prices dropped below $ 150 a tonne.
The eastern European gaming industry is leading the way when it comes to new ideas and liberalisation, according to Matjaz Petek, marketing and sales manager at Slovenian games manufacturer Alfastreet.
The eastern European gaming industry is leading the way.
Jags CB Rashean Mathis confirmed that he is fully recovered from last year's sprained MCL.
Jags Rashean Mathis confirmed he is fully recovered.
Darbhanga, Aug 19 An undertrial prisoner died today in a hospital in Bihar's Darbhanga district hours after he had attemped suicide in the jail premises, a prison official said.
Darbhanga, An undertrial prisoner died in a hospital.
The Cardinals announced their 2010 TV schedule on Wednesday.
The Cardinals announced their 2010 TV schedule.
At the same time, a consensus is emerging that ultimately the conflict cannot be solved by military means.
The conflict can not be solved by military means.
Plans for turkey producer Bernard Matthews to build a wind turbine faces objections from the Ministry of Defence and the National Trust.
Plans for Bernard Matthews to build a wind turbine faces objections.
Search Engine Optimization services indeed to get your business in the right way by cutting the stiff competition aside so get the best search engine optimization services through outsourcing.
Search Engine Optimization services to get your business in the right way.
Bonds prices ended lower in anticipation of government securities auctions slated later in the week, while rupee pared all earlier gains to end at 51.49 against the dollar, 9 paise weaker than Monday's close.
Bonds prices ended lower.
A jury was seated today for the trial of a man accused of imprisoning homeless women in his Mead Valley residence and forcing them to perform sex acts, occasionally drugging them to facilitate the alleged assaults.
A jury was seated for the trial of a man accused of imprisoning homeless women and forcing to perform sex acts.
Hollywood star and Beverly Hills resident Jennifer Jones turns 90 this week.
Star and Beverly Hills resident Jennifer Jones turns 90.
Persian Gulf stock markets are seen mixed Thursday as investors remain cautious on the global outlook, after the Federal Reserve's downbeat assessment of the US economy.
Persian Gulf markets are seen mixed.
An Air India relief plane has left for India with all the stranded passengers onboard a New Dehli bound flight that made emergency landing in Nawabshah today, FP News Desk reported.
An Air India relief plane has left for India.
New Delhi, March 24 India reiterated Saturday that it did the right thing by voting for a US resolution at the UN Human Rights Council that asked Sri Lanka to do more to rehabilitate its minority Tamils because devolution of power to them ``is not moving forward''.
India did by voting for a resolution that asked Sri Lanka.
Jamey Carroll fields a grounder off the bat of Dustin Pedroia and flips to second to starts a double play in the top of the seventh
Jamey Carroll fields starts a double play.
The Egyptian cabinet will be reshuffled by the end of the week, a state-run newspaper reported.
The Egyptian cabinet will be reshuffled by the end of the week, a newspaper reported.
Nick Cannon paid tribute to his ``hero'' Mariah Carey at the BET Honors Awards.
Nick Cannon paid tribute to his hero Mariah Carey.
FIFA has warned Iran against executions in stadiums, said president of Iran Football Federation Ali Kaffashian, APA reports.
FIFA has warned Iran.
Affluent women in the South are more likely to die from breast cancer than those with more disadvantaged lifestyles, a study has found.
Affluent women in the South are more likely to die from breast cancer.
A 45-year-old Deltona man died in a single-vehicle crash Saturday night, Volusia County Sheriff's Office said.
A Deltona man died in a crash.
Sanford Police Chief Bill Lee was fired Wednesday, after facing much criticism regarding his handling of the Trayvon Martin case.
Sanford Chief Bill Lee was fired, after facing criticism regarding his handling of the Trayvon Martin case.
A crash in Duluth's East Hillside Wednesday afternoon sent a motorcyclist to an area hospital.
A crash sent a motorcyclist to an hospital.
Six workers who were pulling carpet from the band room at Northwest High School were treated Friday night for carbon monoxide poisoning after failing to properly ventilate the area they were working in.
Six workers were treated for carbon monoxide poisoning.
An 18-year-old man is accused of stealing thousands of dollars from a church.
An man is accused of stealing from a church.
Just $1200 to go to reach our goal of raising $5000 for the Buddy Walk.
Just $ 1200 to go.
Deputies said a 19-year-old woman said she was drugged and repeatedly raped at a home on Atrium Circle.
A woman said she was drugged raped at a home.
Air China officially launched direct daily rotations between Beijing and Lhasa on December 15, the first time that direct scheduled flights between the two cities are available.
Air China launched direct rotations between Beijing and Lhasa.
After speaking at a Plano Chamber of Commerce luncheon in Texas, Perry told the Dallas-Fort Worth CBS affiliate that he would give a possible 2016 presidential run ``a good examination.''
Perry would give a 2016 run a good examination.
This databook is a detailed information resource covering all the key data points on Dried Food market at a regional level.
This databook is a resource covering the key data points on Dried Food market at a regional level.
They are not cute and cuddly, but the smalltooth sawfish is getting more federal protection in Southwest Florida waters.
They are not, but the sawfish is getting federal protection in Southwest Florida waters.
Tim Howard believes Everton have ``a lot to aim for'' this season, with the club in the fifth round of the FA Cup and still in with a chance of a top-four finish in the Premier League.
Everton have a lot to aim for this season.
Andry Rajoelina, transitional president of Madagascar, insisted in a newspaper interview on Monday that he had popular support and refused to bow to pressure for snap elections.
Andry Rajoelina had and refused to bow for snap elections.
The government intends to increase social payments to families with children, Prime Minister of Ukraine Mykola Azarov told today's Cabinet session, ForUm correspondent reports.
The government intends to increase social payments to families with children.
Former White house press secretary Robert Gibbs won Monday night's Jeopardy! showdown against CNN's Lizzie O'Leary and MSNBC's Chris Matthews, scoring $50,000 for his favorite charity, the Pine Hills Literacy Project.
Robert Gibbs won Monday night's Jeopardy ! ! showdown.
AFTER years of high drama Australian rock band The Vines is getting back on the road.
Years of band The Vines is getting back on the road.
Animal control officers search the area around the Jackson Zoo for stray dogs that may have killed a zoo animal.
Animal control officers search the area for stray dogs.
Obama pays $112K in income tax after making $609K with his wife, Michelle Obama, in 2012.
Obama pays $ 112K in tax.
A court in England has fined hotel owners Peter and Hazelmary Bullfor refusing a gay couple a double room, the Sydney Morning Herald reports.
A court has fined hotel owners Peter refusing a gay couple a room.
Cowboys tight end Jason Witten says he was a better player with Terrell Owens on the field.
Cowboys tight end Jason Witten says he was a better player.
Specialist plastics packaging technology business Petainer www.petainer.com) has developed its 'greenest ever' refillable bottle -- further improving the sustainability of what is already one of the most environmentally-friendly forms of beverage packaging.
Petainer has developed its greenest ever refillable bottle.
Three separate times, Couric tried to elicit a response from Palin about which specific newspapers she reads.
Couric tried to elicit a response from Palin newspapers she reads.
The US embassy in Yemen reopened on Tuesday, an embassy official said, a day after Yemeni forces killed two al Qaeda militants they said were behind a threat that forced US and European missions to close.
The US embassy in Yemen reopened.
Rep. Peter T. King, Chairman of the House Committee on Homeland Security delivers an opening statement at a full committee hearing entitled: ``Iran, Hezbollah, and the Threat to the Homeland.''
Rep. Peter T. King, delivers an opening statement : Iran, Hezbollah, and the Threat to the Homeland.
Popular file sharing and cloud storage service Dropbox has been blocked tonight by Google for hosting malware.
Dropbox has been blocked by Google for hosting malware.
A British judge ruled against Exxon Mobil Corp. on Tuesday, tossing out an order to freeze $12 billion in assets belonging to Venezuela's state oil company in a case that stemmed from the nationalization of
A British judge ruled against Exxon Mobil Corp..
Britons are typically draining their savings by £100 a month to cover household bills and 'back to school' costs, according to new research.
Britons are draining their savings by £ 100 a month.
Justin Bieber will begin his 2013 ``Believe'' tour in San Diego this summer, according to live entertainment company AEG Live.
Justin Bieber will begin his 2013 tour in San Diego.
Nippon Paper plans to buy all shares in Australian Paper from parent PaperlinX Ltd by May.
Nippon Paper plans to buy in Australian Paper.
IBM has confirmed that it will ship servers next week containing the world's fastest production processor.
IBM will ship containing the world's fastest production processor.
Chris Brown has withdrawn his name from the Kids' Choice awards ballot, saying that the controversy over his suitability had ``shifted the focus from the music''.
Chris Brown has withdrawn from the Kids ' Choice awards ballot.
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has insisted he doesn't have to apologise to anyone, not even his family, in his latest response to the scandals surrounding his association with young women.
Silvio Berlusconi doesn't have to apologise not.
Mumbai Backed by a strong credit demand mainly in the auto segment, private sector lender, HDFC Bank disbursed Rs 3,000 crore of retail loans in October.
HDFC Bank disbursed Rs 3,000 of retail loans.
DENVER ― The sandwich chain Quiznos says it plans to develop up to 600 new stores nationwide by the end of the year.
Quiznos plans to develop up to 600 stores by the end of the year.
US housing starts surged to a 1-1/2 year high in November and permits for future construction were the highest since March 2010 as demand for rental apartments rose, offering hope for the weak housing market.
US housing starts surged.
Two MCA students were killed in a road accident at Balapur crossroads in LB Nagar on Monday morning.
Two MCA students were killed in a accident.
Lian Li has announced two new cases that will be part of the Q Series, the PC-Q12 and PC-Q18.
Lian Li has announced two new cases.
Valentino Rossi made a happy return to the front row for the first time since his mid-season injury today, with a brilliant display in an entertaining Motegi qualifying session.
Valentino Rossi made a return to the front row.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is being treated in a hospital for asthma after he had difficulty breathing, said a spokesman, Michael Drewniak.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is being treated in a hospital for asthma.
Cuba will give priority to the technical and professional education in the next academic year to begin in September, as a way to contribute to the process of changes in the economy and society.
Cuba will give priority to the technical education in the next academic year.
``Nariman Tuleev caused $1.4M damage to Bishkek when he was mayor,'' said chief of Crime Cases Investigation Department at General Prosecutor's Office Zhanybek Saliev on today's meeting with journalists.
Nariman Tuleev caused $ 1.4M damage to Bishkek when he was mayor.
Universal American Corp. said on Monday that it has agreed to reinsure substantially all of its in force life insurance and annuity business with Commonwealth Annuity and Life Insurance Co., a Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. subsidiary.
Universal American Corp. has agreed to reinsure all of its life insurance and annuity business.
PKR vice president Chua Tian Chang was denied entry into Sabah here this morning.
Chua Tian Chang was denied entry into Sabah.
The Wall Street Journal writes that Amazon.com is launching an email marketing service, Amazon Simple Email Service.
Amazon.com is launching an email marketing service.
R.Novruzov/ Azerbaijan's independent political scientists believe Armenian community is not ripe enough to impact country's current situation.
Armenian community is not ripe enough to impact country's current situation.
The first widget, released today, comes pre-packaged with ads and operates within any site or blog-hosting service.
The widget comes pre-packaged with ads.
BoA will be holding her first solo concert in Korea on January 26 at the Seoul Olympic Stadium for her ``BoA Special Live 2013 Here I Am'' concert.
BoA will be holding her first solo concert in Korea.
Citigroup upgraded FXCM Inc. to neutral from sell and maintained its $11.25 price target.
Citigroup upgraded FXCM Inc. to neutral.
Oil prices held steady Wednesday in Asia after falling back from a record near $127 a barrel in the previous session on concerns Iran may consider cutting oil production.
Oil prices held steady Wednesday in Asia after falling back from a record near $ 127 a barrel.
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg had surgery Thursday for pancreatic cancer, raising the possibility that one of the ideologically divided court's leading liberals - and its only woman - might have to curtail her work or even step down before she had planned.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg had surgery for pancreatic cancer.
Governor Sule Lamido has sworn in 15 new commissioners as members of the state executive council.
Sule Lamido has sworn in 15 commissioners.
Galatasaray striker Didier Drogba has hit out at racist Fenerbahce fans who bombarded him and fellow Ivorian Emmanuel Eboue with monkey chants during the two sides meeting last weekend.
Didier Drogba has hit out at racist Fenerbahce fans.
Two-time Pro Bowl defensive end Osi Umenyiora feels he is close to returning to the New York Giants' lineup but is uncertain whether he will be able to play this weekend against the Philadelphia Eagles.
Osi Umenyiora feels he is close to returning.
Bulgarian police, the FBI and Interpol are struggling to identify a suicide bomber who killed six people, including five Israelis, as the US said the attack bore the ``hallmarks'' of Hezbollah.
Bulgarian police, the FBI are struggling to identify a bomber.
The Tampa Tribune Four more sinkholes opened today around the eastern Hillsborough area already pocked with depressions after groundwater levels plunged as berry farmers pumped millions of gallons to protect their crops.
The more sinkholes opened today around the Hillsborough area.
Auditions for the new girl band being put together by Louis Walsh and Kian Egan are due to get underway in Dublin today.
Auditions for the new girl band are due to get underway today.
There is no information about Bulgarian citizens injured during the riots in Moldova, Bulgaria's ambassador extraordinary and envoy plenipotentiary in Moldova Nikolay Iliev told Focus News Agency.
There is no information about Bulgarian citizens injured during the riots in Moldova, Bulgaria's ambassador.
Iran tested its most advanced missiles yesterday to cap two days of war games, raising more international concern and stronger pressure to quickly come clean on the newly revealed nuclear site Tehran was secretly constructing.
Iran tested its advanced missiles.
Erie Community College is not waiting for violence to strike.
Erie Community College is not waiting for violence.
A North Dakota energy company plans to build two new natural gas processing plants northwest of Williston.
A North Dakota company plans to build two natural gas processing plants.
Massive flooding has prompted Fort McMurray, AB, to declare a state of emergency.
Flooding has prompted Fort McMurray, AB, to declare a state of emergency.
China's State Council today announced the second batch of national network convergence trial cities, totaling 42 cities.
China's State Council today announced the second batch of convergence trial cities.
This week in AOA was brought to you by cupcakes, presents, fried truffled mac \u0026 cheese balls, the number 5 and cupcakes.
This week was brought.
A Rancho Palos Verdes woman who owned and operated a boarding care facility for mentally disabled adults pleaded guilty Thursday to tax fraud, according to the Internal Revenue Service.
A Rancho Palos Verdes woman pleaded guilty to tax fraud.
Todd A. Smith has joined Smith Barney as a Financial Advisor.
Todd A. Smith has joined Smith Barney.
Islamabad, June 4 Pakistani forces have consolidated their hold in Swat in the country's restive northwest, the military said Thursday as its anti-Taliban operations entered their 41st day.
Pakistani forces have consolidated their hold in Swat.
Kenya has agreed to host the southern hemisphere oil and gas secretariat, to support new producers manage fossil fuel resources effectively.
Kenya has agreed to host the southern hemisphere oil and gas secretariat.
An Australian man has been shot dead at a holiday resort near the Philippines capital of Manila.
An Australian man has been shot dead at a resort.
Swiss banking giant UBS has cut its global growth forecast, citing the European debt crisis and the deteriorating macro indicators as reasons for the move.
UBS has cut its global growth forecast.
Asian stock markets have partly recovered on the heels of the government's 85 billion dollar plan to bail out troubled insurance giant American International Group.
Markets have partly recovered.
Housing loans in Bulgaria became more accessible even as the freefall on the domestic real estate market continued for a third year in a row, according to a report in daily Presa on January 10 2012.
Housing loans in Bulgaria became more accessible even the freefall on the domestic real estate market continued.
Just like it found the lost city of Atlantis, Google Earth has now supposedly found the Loch Ness monster according to a bored security guy looking through images of on mapping software.
Google Earth has found the Loch Ness monster.
Uganda is to host another Commonwealth meeting, this time for judges and Magistrates.
Uganda is to host another Commonwealth meeting.
Gould says Panthers have no details Updated: 10:21, Tuesday February 12, 2013 Penrith boss Phil Gould says he hasn't been provided with any details on how the NRL club is implicated in the Australian Crime Commission's investigation into drugs and corruption.
Gould says Panthers have no details.
Paris, Oct 5 The difficulties the French have in pronouncing the letter ``h'' landed the country's foreign minister, Bernard Kouchner, in hot water.Israeli media quoted the minister as saying Israel ``will eat'' Iran if the Islamic Republic gained possession of nuclear weapons, prompting Kouchner's office to issue a statement of clarification Sunday.
Israel will eat Iran.
Today, we present ``Yes, Virginia, there is a Santa Claus,'' as it first appeared in the New York Sun in 1897:
We present, Virginia, there is a Santa Claus.
Spanish airline Iberia has confirmed it will resume its flights to Croatia, with the first service due to arrive in Dubrovnik this week.
Iberia will resume its flights to Croatia.
The mercury has crossed the 46 degree Celsius mark for the first time this summer in Chhattisgarh with the city of Bilaspur recording 46.1 degrees, while the capital Raipur and other major towns recorded temperatures of around 45 degrees.
The mercury has crossed the 46 degree mark in Chhattisgarh.
Greece's former prime minister George Papandreou said Sunday that Europe faced a make or break moment, adding that the euro currency's problems went far deeper than those of his own country, AFP reported.
Europe faced a make or break moment.
If you live in an air-conditioned home, drive an air-conditioned vehicle and spend much of your day in an air-conditioned office, you might not know just how hot it was Wednesday.
How hot it was.
The 4-year-old daughter of legendary boxer Mike Tyson is on life support and listed in ``extremely critical condition'' after she was found hanging from a treadmill cable at their Phoenix home.
The daughter of Mike Tyson is on life support and listed after she was found.
When she was nine days old, Carlina White was taken to Harlem Hospital for a fever.
She was, Carlina White was taken.
British No.1 Andy Murray insists he is happy to play anywhere as he looks to secure the Wimbledon title.
Andy Murray is happy to play anywhere.
The city of Chattanooga, facing a possible Georgia land grab as part of an effort to get access to the Tennessee River, is sending a truck load of bottled water to Atlanta.
The city of Chattanooga is sending a truck load of water to Atlanta.
The Boston Celtics say they're not actively trying to trade point guard Rajon Rondo.
The Boston Celtics say they 're not actively trying to trade Rajon Rondo.
Brian Vitori became the first Zimbabwean to take five wickets on his one-day international debut as the home side restricted Bangladesh to 184 all-out at the Harare Sports Club on Friday in the first of five contests between the two teams.
Brian Vitori became restricted Bangladesh to 184.
Insolvent US newsprint maker AbitibiBowater says it desperately needs a cash infusion from debtor financing after losing $2.2 billion last year.
AbitibiBowater needs a infusion from debtor financing.
A Montana Highway Patrol trooper was hospitalized in critical condition Tuesday, a day after being injured in a head-on crash on US Highway 93 south of Kalispell.
A trooper was hospitalized in critical condition.
Gibraltar is set to overhaul its fund industry by scrapping rules that limit the scope of investment vehicles.
Gibraltar is set to overhaul its fund industry.
ZeroUI, developer of gesture applications, platforms and interfaces for 3D camera enabled devices such as Microsoft Kinect, is unveiling world´s first gesture based hands free 3D modeling technology at the Techcrunch Disrupt Conference in San Francisco on Monday, September 10, 2012.
ZeroUI, is unveiling world ´ s first gesture based hands free 3D modeling technology.
Sunflower Market has agreed to pay $125,310 in back wages to workers in New Mexico and three other states.
Sunflower Market has agreed to pay $ 125,310 in back wages.
UIL Holdings Corporation today received approval from the Department of Public Utility Control on its acquisition of Connecticut based gas distribution companies --
UIL Holdings Corporation today received approval on its acquisition of Connecticut based gas distribution companies.
After rumors of dishonest behavior by Ryan Phillippe, actress Abbie Cornish finally broke up with him after 2years of relationship, asserted the spokesperson of the actress to People.
Actress Abbie Cornish broke up with Ryan Phillippe.
Linebacker Daryl Smith, the Jaguars' franchise leader in tackles, officially became an ex-Jacksonville player today when he signed with the Baltimore Ravens.
Daryl Smith signed with the Baltimore Ravens.
Two people were killed in a one-vehicle rollover crash on Interstate 90 west of near Drummond.
Two people were killed in a rollover crash on Interstate 90 west of Drummond.
Topps Tiles offered investors the first glimmer of hope in more than a year when it reported an uptick in trading in April and early May, following a difficult six months of declining revenues and profits.
Topps Tiles offered the glimmer of hope.
Anthem Blue Cross announced on Monday that it will fully cover the administration of the H1N1 vaccine without co-pay or deductible for all health plan members.
Anthem Blue Cross will cover the administration of the H1N1 vaccine.
Yahoo is seeking to restart merger talks with AOL as a means of defending itself against an unsolicited bid approach from Microsoft , the Times said on Monday.
Yahoo is seeking to restart merger talks with AOL.
French tyre maker Michelin reported a bounce back into profit in the first half, forecast robust margins for the year and said its markets should continue to recover.
Michelin reported a bounce back into profit.
Slovenia wants the EU to protect coastal fishing in order to protect its small fishing fleet, Agriculture Minister Milan Pogacnik told the press at the side of a meeting of the EU Agriculture and Fisheries Council in Brussels on Monday.
Slovenia wants the EU to protect coastal fishing.
A businesswoman was kidnapped by unidentified gunmen in the southern Philippines, a regional military spokesman said Friday.
A businesswoman was kidnapped by gunmen in the southern Philippines.
The Government has halved its operating deficit, excluding gains and losses, to $9.2 billion in the year to the end of June.
The Government has halved its operating deficit.
Derby County manager Paul Jewell says he is optimistic about his future at the club despite the fact they have not won a league game for almost a year.
Paul Jewell is optimistic about his future.
The UK has taken steps to expel five Libyan diplomats, Foreign Secretary William Hague has said.
The UK has taken to expel five Libyan diplomats.
Public sector workers are set to go on strike tomorrow in a national row over pensions and pay.
Public sector workers are set to go on strike tomorrow.
An Orangeburg man wanted for outstanding warrants was arrested after a standoff in the city, Orangeburg County Sheriff Leroy Ravenell said.
An Orangeburg man was arrested after a standoff.
The Lok Sabha on Friday deferred a discussion on the multi-crore Satyam scam following a request from Leader of the Opposition LK Advani.
The Lok Sabha deferred a discussion on the Satyam scam.
Rafael Cabrera-Bello of Spain held a one-stroke clubhouse lead at the fog-delayed Avantha Masters after shooting a 3-under 69 Friday despite two bogeys in his final three holes.
Rafael Cabrera-Bello held a lead at the Avantha Masters.
A former Albemarle County school employee is facing child sex charges.
A school employee is facing child sex charges.
Popular former French president Jacques Chirac was convicted of graft on Thursday but escaped jail when he was handed a two-year suspended sentence for running ghost workers at Paris city hall.
Jacques Chirac was convicted of graft but escaped jail.
A study conducted by Abu Dhabi Food Control Authority found that Ajman water is not meeting local and international standards.
Ajman water is not meeting local and international standards.
Republican US Senate candidate Rand Paul broke his recent silence with a friendly interview on conservative talk radio, weeks after his negative comments about the US Civil Rights Act set off a political firestorm.
Rand Paul broke his silence.
Two people were killed and three wounded in an armed attack on cash collectors in Moscow on Tuesday, the capital's law enforcement agency told Itar-Tass.
Two people were killed and three wounded in an attack on cash collectors in Moscow.
Telmap announced that it will be adding Lonely Planet content to its location-based solution offering.
Telmap will be adding Lonely Planet content.
David Beckham is the celebrity most people would like to confide in if they had a problem, according to a survey.
David Beckham is the celebrity most people would like to confide.
The parent company of the Rome News-Tribune on Tuesday filed Chapter 11 reorganization in United States Bankruptcy Court in the Northern District of Georgia.
The parent company of the Rome News-Tribune filed Chapter 11 reorganization.
The Brazilian real opened weaker against the dollar Monday, after economists and analysts reduced their forecasts for the country's inflation rate this year for the second consecutive week.
The Brazilian real opened weaker.
The Nationals will avoid arbitration with left-handed starting pitcher John Lannan after agreeing on a one-year contract worth $2.75 million, according to a major league source.
The Nationals will avoid arbitration with John Lannan.
India voted along with Iran, Saudi Arabia and China in opposing a resolution in the United Nations for a moratorium on the death penalty, but the proposal received support from a majority of nations.
India voted, in opposing a resolution for a moratorium on the death penalty.
New ideas have surfaced recently that suggests supermarkets should be arranged differently, if authorities are seriously going to address the problem of growing obesity.
Supermarkets should be arranged differently.
Moscow, June 25 - Gazprom could contribute a major gas field in Russia to a joint venture with Ukraine's Naftogaz, Gazprom chief Alexei Miller told a press conference following the company's AGM.
Gazprom could contribute a major gas field to a joint venture with Ukraine's Naftogaz.
Housing starts showed signs of life in January, rising to their highest level in seven months, according to Commerce Department data released Wednesday.
Housing starts showed signs of life in January.
Microsoft is planning to launch new wireless internet networks to be deployed on unused television spectrum in the US.
Microsoft is planning to launch new wireless networks.
Police in Atlanta say a man was defending himself when he shot and killed a suspected robber on Christmas Eve.
A man shot and killed a suspected robber on Christmas Eve.
BC-USTony Awards Host,0081 Neil Patrick Harris set to host Tony Awards show Eds:
Host, 0081 Neil Patrick Harris set to host Tony Awards show.
The Washington Post Company announced on Wednesday that it will be selling Newsweek magazine, which it has owned since 1961.
The Washington Post Company will be selling Newsweek magazine.
American comedian actor, Seth Rogen is officially engaged to Lauren Miller, who is said to be his long time girlfriend.
Seth Rogen is engaged to Lauren Miller.
Lawrence Guyot, a civil rights leader who survived jailhouse beatings in the Deep South in the 1960s and went on to encourage generations to get involved in various causes, has died outside Washington, DC at the age of 73.
Lawrence Guyot, a civil rights leader, has died, at the age of 73.
Somali forces stormed a hijacked ship in the Gulf of Aden for the second time on Tuesday and safely freed 11 crew members and captured 10 pirates after a failed rescue attempt on Sunday.
Somali forces stormed a hijacked ship for the second time.
``Naftohaz Ukrainy, following prime minister's order, today in the morning resumed gas supplies to Kyivenerho,'' said a spokesperson for the press service.
Naftohaz Ukrainy today resumed gas supplies to Kyivenerho.
The 104-year old company that makes Etch A Sketch is launching a new politics-themed ad campaign after making headlines nationwide last week when an aide for Mitt Romney compared his election campaign to the toy.
Etch A Sketch is launching a ad campaign.
The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 11,339.30 on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Monday, up 53.21 points or 0.47 per cent.
The Nikkei Stock Average closed at 11,339.30, up 53.21 points.
Short selling of UK bank stocks will resume next week without a return to the extreme volatility which forced the government to intervene last year, but investors say the sector could stay under a cloud for some time yet.
Short selling of bank stocks will resume.
A man seriously burned in Fleming County house fire on Nov. 9 died around 10 pm Tuesday, and the Kentucky State Police are calling the fire that took his life suspicious.
A man burned in Fleming County fire died.
Darwin marks 70th bombing anniversary Updated: 20:40, Sunday February 19, 2012 The bombing of Darwin by Japanese aircraft 70 years ago was Australia's darkest day, Prime Minister Julia Gillard says.
Darwin marks 70th bombing anniversary.
Fiji has resumed its pawpaw exports to New Zealand and Australia after months of suspension.
Fiji has resumed its pawpaw exports.
A child was injured in a school bus crash this morning in Philadelphia's Port Richmond section.
A child was injured in a school bus crash.
Ten days ahead of the Copenhagen climate summit, China has, for the first time, announced a target to limit the growth of its greenhouse gas emissions.
China has announced a target to limit the growth of its gas emissions.
UFC heavyweight fighter Alistair Overeem has been charged with misdemeanor battery in Las Vegas after police say he shoved a woman in the face at a Las Vegas Strip casino.
Alistair Overeem has been charged with battery.
China will release corn and rice from state reserves to help tame inflation and reduce imports as the worst US drought in half a century pushes corn prices to global records, creating fears of a world food crisis.
China will release corn and rice from reserves pushes.
HE'S yet to kick a goal and is no certainty to play any given week, but Geelong veteran Cameron Mooney will stand up when it counts, his coach says.
HE 'S, but Cameron Mooney will stand up when it counts.
Retailer of women's clothing Christopher \u0026 Banks Corporation announced on Wednesday a cash dividend of USD0.06 per share for the quarter.
Christopher \u0026 Banks Corporation announced a cash dividend of USD0.06 per share for the quarter.
Senator Benigno Aquino, the son of the President Corazon Aquino, is taking a strong lead in the Philippine presidential election count on Wednesday, said he is going to address quickly his promises in investigating the outgoing administration of President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo.
Benigno Aquino is taking a lead in the Philippine presidential election count.
NASCAR team owner Richard Childress released a statement earlier today in response to the announcement made by Shell Oil Company that they will leave RCR at the end of 2010 and move to the Penske organization.
Richard Childress released a statement.
Human remains have been found in a shack in Kin Kin, WA, where a bushfire was burning.
Human remains have been found in a shack in Kin Kin, WA.
As per reports, Kat was seen spending quality time at the Cancer Patients Aid Association in Bandra, Mumbai.
Kat was seen spending time at the Cancer Patients Aid Association.
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao has arrived in North Korea on a highly anticipated state visit.
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao has arrived in North Korea.
Former telecom minister A. Raja wants to join the 2G debate in Parliament.
A. Raja wants to join the 2G debate.
Six men have been charged in the attack on a 17-year-old boy at the intersection of Mechanicsville and Church School roads in Buckingham on April 9.
Six men have been charged in the attack at the intersection.
Miller Homes, celebrating their 75th year this year, are in the party mood.
Miller Homes are in the party mood.
Bet365 has a superb streaming service that will be showing the Cronulla Sharks v Canterbury Bulldogs game live from 03 July 2010.
The Cronulla Sharks v Canterbury Bulldogs game.
In an interview Thursday reflecting on his first year in office, Dayton told KARE 11 he laments the lack of a hard stadium bill deadline.
Dayton told he laments the lack of a stadium bill deadline.
Severe weather has struck Asia causing damage in the Philippines, Japan and China.
Severe weather has struck Asia.
Joe Diffie will record a live album at one of country music's top venues, Billy Bob's Texas in Ft. Worth, Texas, Friday, Aug. 8.
Joe Diffie will record a live album.
The Slovenian Logar family has adopted the three-and-half-month-old bear cub that strolled into their yard about 30 days ago.
The Slovenian family has adopted the bear cub.
Kara DioGuardi has confirmed that she will return as a judge on Fox's ``American Idol.''
Kara DioGuardi will return as a judge on Fox's American Idol.
Energy Minister Jebran Bassil said Friday Lebanon was moving quickly on the Lebanese-Israeli maritime border issue.
Lebanon was moving quickly on the maritime border issue.
Edmonton set a Grey Cup record by selling all the tickets within a week of putting them on sale, starting on June 1.
Edmonton set a Grey Cup record.
An Army reserve center in western Pennsylvania has been renamed for the late US Rep. John Murtha.
An Army reserve center has been renamed for the late John Murtha.
Chattanooga police investigate their second incident this week involving a pedestrian struck by a train.
Chattanooga police investigate this week involving a pedestrian struck by a train.
Brazil has approved the international airport concessions of Galeão, in Rio de Janeiro city, and Confins near Minas Gerais state capital Belo Horizonte.
Brazil has approved the concessions of Galeão and Confins.
The great HTC executive exodus of 2013 continues, as the company has confirmed Chief Product Officer Kouji Kodera has left the smartphone maker.
The HTC executive exodus continues.
A 34-year-old man was found dead early this morning near Alter and West Fourth streets in Hazleton, city police said.
A man was found dead near Alter and streets.
Jared Followill, the bassist for Kings of Leon, is engaged to his model girlfriend Martha Patterson.
Jared Followill is engaged to his girlfriend Martha Patterson.
THE historic Toowoomba eisteddfod is set to continue with the expected election of singing teacher Elaine Coates as president at tonight's reconvened annual general meeting.
THE eisteddfod is set to continue.
The City of Gig Harbor finalized an $870,000 purchase of waterfront property near Gig Harbor bay, and city officials contend it could be a future destination for a maritime pier.
The City finalized an purchase of waterfront property.
St. Joseph Medical Center will open a location in the Heights within the next few weeks, citing requests from community members and physicians as the reason for expanding.
St. Joseph Medical Center will open a location in the Heights.
Zac Efron has left Australia, and looked boho chic in a beanie hat and sunglasses.
Zac Efron has left Australia.
Billionaire Warren Buffett has given away 512,169 class B shares of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. stock to charitable foundations in keeping with his plan to give away the bulk of his fortune.
Billionaire Warren Buffett has given 512,169 shares of stock to charitable foundations.
Jordan banned husband Peter Andre from having sex with her while she battled postnatal depression, she has revealed.
Jordan banned Peter Andre from having sex.
Security deployment for the October Commonwealth Games in New Delhi has been deferred for a third time because of delays in the completion of venues, raising alarm among government officials and security agencies.
Security deployment has been deferred for a third time.
An Israel tank briefly entered Lebanese territory Thursday to investigate what Israeli troops thought was suspicious activity by villagers in the area, a Lebanese army source said, DPA reported.
An Israel tank entered Lebanese territory, a Lebanese army source said.
A woman has bitten a police officer on the thumb as she was arrested in Brisbane's south, police say.
A woman has bitten a police officer on the thumb.
Bharatiya Janata Party Mahila Morcha President Smriti Irani has said that the Morcha managed to carve out a separate identity in the country as far as the women's welfare was concerned.
The Morcha managed to carve out a separate identity.
IndiGo on April 29 launched six more new flights from Mumbai, Goa, Hyderabad and Kolkata, increasing its daily flights to 131, reports Economic Times.
IndiGo launched six new flights.
``Yes, I still want to be Miss India and then win the international pageant.
I still want to be Miss India.
Credit card spending rose slightly in the second quarter of the year.
Credit card spending rose slightly.
Auburn now advances to the semifinals to play Olean at noon today in Wellsville.
Auburn advances to the semifinals.
Hurricane Tomas lashed Haiti with heavy rains and wind early on Friday and threatened renewed disaster as leaders of the quake-hit nation called for mass evacuations from tent cities.
Hurricane Tomas lashed Haiti.
Brownell has acquired Airmark compressors, the London-based manufacturer that has been trading for 30 years.
Brownell has acquired Airmark compressors, the manufacturer.
USA Today, the largest US newspaper, filled two top executive positions Tuesday by naming David Hunke as publisher and John Hillkirk as editor.
USA Today filled two top executive positions.
Rick Santorum announced at a press conference in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, that he was ending his presidential campaign.
Rick Santorum was ending his presidential campaign.
By David Vergun, Army News Service President Barack Obama announced March 11 that Army Chaplain, Emil J. Kapaun will be posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor April 11 for his actions leading up to his capture as a prisoner of war in North Korea.
Army Chaplain, will be awarded the Medal of Honor.
Police say it is a miracle a 9 year-old girl was not killed when a clandestine drug lab exploded two metres from where she was having a bath.
A drug lab exploded.
Miley Cyrus appeared on David Letterman show to talk about ``can't be Tamed,'' beside other things.
Miley Cyrus appeared on David Letterman show.
Arkansas basketball coach John Pelphrey and his wife are starting a foundation to benefit children's charities with an emphasis on neonatal care.
John Pelphrey are starting a foundation to benefit children's charities.
An off-duty Newark firefighter was arrested on drug charges, after an investigation revealed he was allegedly distributing marijuana in the city's Ironbound section, officials said Friday.
An Newark firefighter was arrested on drug charges.
Texas Tech beat Oklahoma State 81-74 in Lubbock, Texas on Saturday afternoon.
Texas Tech beat Oklahoma State 81.
Reuters reported that Portuguese paper and pulp maker Altri will spin off steel unit F Ramada, offering shareholders one share of the new company for every four Altri shares they own.
Altri will spin off steel unit F Ramada.
Israel is defending new construction in disputed east Jerusalem against criticism from Palestinians, the US and the EU, noting that Israel has never agreed to halt building there.
Israel is defending construction in east Jerusalem.
Britain could introduce a third gender category to British passports allowing citizens of indeterminate sex to opt out of standard male and female identification, a Home Office official said yesterday.
Britain could introduce a third gender category to passports.
The National Weather Service confirmed two tornadoes touched down in four counties as several lines of thunderstorms moved through the mid-state Monday.
The National Weather Service confirmed two tornadoes touched down in four counties.
Maoists calls on 48-hour bandh in Orissa, other 7 states starting on Monday.
Maoists calls on bandh in Orissa, other 7 states.
Those who long for the good old days may be chasing a dream, says a new United Nations report, which shows the world has become healthier, wealthier and better educated over the last four decades, with dramatic gains in poor countries.
The world has become healthier, wealthier and better educated.
The city of Eustis is looking for 100 volunteers to help complete a survey of its business community.
The city of Eustis is looking for 100 volunteers.
The Chicago Bears are offering great long shot odds to win Super Bowl 45 online betting this season.
The Chicago Bears are offering great long shot odds to win Super Bowl 45.
After taking out some of his pent up aggression on fellow NASCAR Sprint Cup Series driver Brad Keselowski during Sunday's Kobalt Tools 500, resulting in the No. 12 car taking wing and slamming into the retaining wall and track surface with its roof, NASCAR has put Carl Edwards on probation for three races.
NASCAR has put Carl Edwards on probation.
``I have a chance to play and prove myself. It's been a longtime dream of mine. It's unbelievable in my opinion. I'm excited, and I'm emotionally on a high.''
I have It's unbelievable.
Videogame giant Nintendo Co said its full-year net profit plunged 66.1 per cent on a strong yen and a global sales slump as the release of its 3-D console came too late to give a boost.
Nintendo Co said its net profit plunged 66.1 per cent.
Fears regarding Dean Shiels' ankle injury have been eased, with it confirmed that he has suffered no break.
He has suffered no break.
A new Government headed by Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung made its debut in the capital city yesterday.
A new Government made its debut.
SmarTrend's candlestick pattern scanner has detected a bullish engulfing pattern for shares of Cynosure since the stock closed above $11.00.
SmarTrend's candlestick pattern scanner has detected a bullish engulfing pattern for shares of Cynosure.
Fewer students are working while going to school, says the latest release from Statistics Canada.
Fewer students are working while going to school.
The Magpies moved into the top five of the Group 2 competition with a win over the Coffs Harbour Comets on Sunday at the Graveyard.
The Magpies moved into the top five.
In a move that takes a ``massive shot'' at Netflix, Amazon is quietly rolling out an instant video streaming service for its Prime customers in the US, the Silicon Alley Insider reports.
Amazon is quietly rolling out an instant video streaming service.
Deutsche Bank is raising estimates on Robert Half following earnings last night.
Deutsche Bank is raising estimates on Robert Half.
The Indian Navy and Coast Guard Tuesday intercepted a runaway Panamanian merchant ship that had slipped out of Mumbai Port Monday after defaulting on a cargo delivery despite taking part payment, officials said.
The Indian Navy and Coast Guard intercepted a runaway ship.
Deputies raise hands during a voting on the so-called ``smoking bill'' during a session of the Duma, Russia's lower house of Parliament, in Moscow January 25, 2013.
Deputies raise hands during a voting on the smoking bill during a session of the Duma in Moscow January 25, 2013.
The Allegheny County Airport Authority, which operates Pittsburgh International, is voluntarily participating in an energy conservation project called PJM Demand Response program to aid in the reliability of the regional electric grid.
The Allegheny County Airport Authority is participating in an energy conservation project.
Method Man is planning to sue rap group ICP after being cut on the face at the Gathering of the Juggalos festival this past weekend.According eyewitness accounts, fans started pelting the artist with objects during a performance with Redman, at which point Method Man was hit in the face with a full beer can.Although the rapper still managed to perform with a wound that was visibly bleeding, the rapper came out yesterday and said ``I'm suing those motherf**kers!''
Method Man is planning to sue ICP.
Abbey is to cut its two-year tracker and flexible mortgage rates by 0.1 per cent following the government's move to ease the credit crunch.
Abbey is to cut its tracker and mortgage rates.
State troopers used an electronic control device to disable a 60-year-old man who threatened them with a knife Tuesday at a Town of Nichols home.
Troopers used an electronic control device to disable a man.
Brad Pitt comforted a suicidal fan following a special screening of his new movie 'Moneyball'.
Brad Pitt comforted a suicidal fan.
Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko has announced her plans to run in the 2010 presidential elections, insisting she would win.
Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko has announced her plans to run.
After testing the feature out for months, Facebook is rolling out threaded replies and comments for Pages and Profiles with more than 10,000 followers.
Facebook is rolling out threaded replies and comments for Pages.
He is officially attached to star in and produce The President Stole My Girlfriend, a comedy newly picked up by Warner Bros.
He is attached to star in and produce The President Stole My Girlfriend.
It is being reported that contrary to popular belief, Jennifer Love Hewitt and Jamie Kennedy are not engaged.
Contrary, Jennifer Love Hewitt and Jamie Kennedy are not engaged.
New Delhi, July 14 Concerned over skilled manpower crunch in the mining sector, a government panel has suggested increasing number of seats in mining courses in IITs etc besides introducing specialised courses to support its growth with projected 10.60 lakh employment in the space by 2017.
A panel has suggested increasing number of seats in mining courses.
The former Felicity star talks to ParentDish about motherhood -- and explains why she's the ``opposite of cool.''
She's the opposite of cool.
Peanut butter brand Sun-Pat has been re-launched in a lightweight ``glass clear'' PET jar manufactured by RPC Containers Blackburn.
Peanut butter brand Sun-Pat has been re-launched in a glass clear PET jar.
A local volunteer fireman was arrested Thursday morning and charged with indecent behavior with a juvenile after investigators learned of several inappropriate, sexually explicit communications between him and a 15-year-old juvenile.
A volunteer fireman was arrested and charged with indecent behavior.
India took an unassailable 3-0 lead in the five-match here Thursday, beating England by five wickets in the third One-day International.
India took, beating England by five wickets.
A CITY homeless shelter has been branded ``not fit for purpose'' in a damning county council report which criticises the centre's management as ineffective.
A homeless shelter has been branded not fit for purpose.
Ontario's Independent Electricity System Operator announced that wind power generation in Ontario has increased by more than 60% in 2009 when compared to the wind power generated during the year 2008.
Wind power generation in Ontario has increased by more than 60% in 2009.
A 51-year-old woman was injured in a two-vehicle accident on Mortimer Line Road near South Lakeshore Road on Tuesday.
A woman was injured in a accident.
TAUNTON are looking to put the ``icing on the cake'' after sealing the South West Two West title at the weekend, with three matches still to play.
TAUNTON are looking to put the icing on the cake.
Nepal Maoist chief Prachanda has ruled out the possibility of his party turning its back on the democratic transition in the country even if it performs poorly in the crucial April constituent assembly polls, saying ``we will still respect the verdict of the masses.''
We will respect the verdict of the masses.
A school bus collided with a pickup truck at the intersection of 8th and Jackson streets in Anderson Monday morning shortly before 7 am
A school bus collided with a pickup truck.
A review of road markings in South Tyneside has been ordered, after it emerged some loading bays are 20cm too narrow.
A review of road markings has been ordered.
President Bush signed a massive housing bill intended to provide mortgage relief for 400,000 struggling homeowners and stabilize financial markets.
Bush signed a housing bill intended to provide mortgage relief.
The first pictures of the 22 children from Belgium and the Netherlands killed in a bus crash in Switzerland during a skiing trip have been released after parents and relatives began the heart-breaking task of identifying the victims.
The first pictures of the 22 children killed in a bus crash in Switzerland have been released.
Seattle-based SEOmoz said today that it has updated Open Site Explorer, the firm's free tool for analyzing the site optimization of web sites.
SEOmoz has updated Open Site Explorer.
A roadside bomb killed four Iraqi soldiers north of Baghdad on Friday, security and medical officials said a day after 33 people were killed in attacks mainly targeting the security forces.
A bomb killed four Iraqi soldiers.
Nigeria has reaffirmed its support for Libya's Transitional Council, in spite of being absent at a UN General Assembly that allowed the former rebels to represent the people of Libya at the world body.
Nigeria has reaffirmed its support for Libya's Transitional Council.
Malta and the US signed a double taxation agreement on Friday, ending 11 years of efforts by successive US Ambassadors, albeit this needs to be ratified by the Senate before coming into force.
Malta and the US signed a double taxation agreement.
A 37-year-old Minnesota man was charged Tuesday in federal court and accused of running a $190 million Ponzi scheme, US Attorney B. Todd Jones said.
A Minnesota man was charged and accused of running a $ 190 million Ponzi scheme.
South Africa's intelligence services are to engage members of civil society in a series of public outreach lectures.
South Africa's intelligence services are to engage in a series of public lectures.
A large former industrial building on Milwaukee's north side is being converted into apartments, an $11.7 million project to be completed by October.
A former industrial building on Milwaukee's north side is being converted into apartments.
Sotheby's has announced a 10 per cent decline in auction sales from 5 billion dollars in 2011 to 4.5 billion dollars last year.
Sotheby has announced a 10 per cent decline in auction sales.
American pastor Terry Jones, who had threatened Saturday to burn copies of the Quran left Friday for New York where he hopes to meet the imam who wants to build a mosque near Ground Zero, said one of his friends in Gainesville, Florida.
Terry Jones, who had threatened to burn copies of the Quran left for New York he hopes.
Mumbai, Nov 28 Terror attacks in Mumbai will impact capital flows in the short term, ICICI Bank Managing Director \u0026 CEO KV Kamath said here.
Mumbai, Terror attacks will impact capital flows in the short term.
A top Indian cricket board official denied on Monday that India would pull out of the Champions Trophy if the ICC told its ethics committee to look into the controversial selection of Laxman Sivaramakrishnan to its cricket committee.
India would pull out of the Champions Trophy.
9 to 5 hoops will host eight-week basketball clinics in the Zanesville and Tri-Valley areas.
9 to 5 hoops will host basketball clinics.
A teenager who repeatedly stabbed an 18-year-old in the face with a knife faces lengthy detention at a young offenders' institution after he admitted the attack.
A teenager who repeatedly stabbed faces.
Bhopal: 4 infants die and 17 ill following anti-measles and tetanus vaccination: 4 infants die and 17 ill following tetanus and anti-measles vaccination at Anganwadi centres in Damoh, Madhya Pradesh.
4 infants die and 17 anti-measles and vaccination : die ill following tetanus.
Barry Ferguson has been stripped of the Rangers captaincy and dropped along with goalkeeper Allan McGregor as a result of the pair's drinking session while with the Scotland national team.
Barry Ferguson has been stripped of the Rangers captaincy.
India and Pakistan decided on October 14 to mutually relax visa rules in what government representatives are dubbing ``a new era of bilateral relations.''
India and Pakistan decided to relax visa rules.
Kotaku are picking up on an announcement that 7 million Wiis have now been sold in Japan.
7 million Wiis have been sold in Japan.
It is now being reported that the substance found in the five Jamaican athletes who tested positive at the National Championships in June is methylhexanamine and not methylxanthine, which was previously reported.
The substance found in the five Jamaican athletes is methylhexanamine.
President Barack Obama in his State of the Union address Tuesday night will announce that 34,000 US troops will return from Afghanistan by this time next year, according to a senior administration official.
Barack Obama will announce 34,000 US troops will return from Afghanistan.
The city of Great Falls landed several state basketball and softball tournaments for the 2013-14 school year, the Montana High School Association announced Tuesday.
The city of Great Falls landed basketball and softball tournaments.
Witnesses testified in the trial of former Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz as his lawyers waited in Jordan for permission to defend their client.
Witnesses testified in the trial of Tariq Aziz.
The Marist College softball team split a doubleheader with visiting Canisius on Saturday, falling to the visiting Golden Griffins in the opener, 2-0, before earning the win in the nightcap, 3-2.
The Marist College softball team split a doubleheader with visiting Canisius.
WA bushfire destroys property Updated: 07:52, Tuesday February 5, 2013 Residents in Esperance, on Western Australia's south coast, have been put on a downgraded Watch and Act alert, after a fire raging in the area was finally contained by firefighters.
WA bushfire destroys property Updated.
Rocky Horror Picture Show star Tim Curry has suffered a major stroke, news outlets are reporting.
Tim Curry has suffered a stroke.
The new Ford Focus ST is now available to order from £21,995 for the entry-level 'ST-1' model, with delivery in September 2012.
The new Ford Focus ST is now available to order.
Michael Lohan says he has called a truce with daughter Lindsay Lohan and her girlfriend Sam Ronson.
Michael Lohan has called a truce with Lindsay Lohan and Sam Ronson.
Intertek USA Inc. has alerted the Texas Workforce Commission that it will lay off some 63 workers in Houston beginning in October.
Intertek USA Inc. will lay off some 63 workers.
The School Management Association is concerned with the Education Ministry's comment that school managements should not interfere with schools administration work.
School managements should not interfere with work.
Two people and pets escaped a west Omaha house fire Wednesday night that caused almost $300,000 in damages.
Two people escaped a west Omaha house fire.
Rockwell Diamonds Inc. has appointed two new independent directors to its board.
Rockwell Diamonds Inc. has appointed two new directors.
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert came under pressure from his own party on Thursday to immediately step aside after the attorney-general announced he was considering indicting him on fraud and bribery charges.
Ehud Olmert came under pressure to step aside.
An Oakdale man is charged with receiving stolen property for allegedly trying to pawn about $6,450 worth of items that were stolen from an Oakdale home.
An Oakdale man is charged with receiving stolen property.
An engineering student of a private college was arrested in this Haryana district for allegedly raping his Dalit classmate, police said on Sunday.
An student was arrested for raping his classmate.
Caterpillar Inc., the biggest maker of construction equipment, will cut executive pay as much as 50 percent and suspend merit increases for management and support staff to trim costs amid turmoil in the credit and financial markets.
Caterpillar Inc. will cut executive pay.
Sun Pharma may slip to Rs 430, says Kunal Saraogi of Equityrush.
Sun Pharma may slip to Rs 430.
Former Conservative MP Rahim Jaffer is giving up on his political ambitions for now, after Tory sources said he was effectively shut out of the nomination process in his Edmonton riding.
Rahim Jaffer was shut out of the nomination process in his Edmonton riding.
Sterling was set for a record weekly gain against the euro and its biggest advance versus the dollar since 1985 as the Bank of England slowed the pace of interest-rate cuts.
Sterling was set for a record weekly gain against the euro.
LEKStroy placed the second issue of bonds in the volume of 2.5bn rub., the company informed.
LEKStroy placed the issue of bonds.
The Kerala water sports and sailing organization will organize a power boat certification and yacht training session at Sacred Heart college, Thevara and Bolghatty and Vallarpadam areas from December 22 to 31.
The Kerala water sports and sailing organization will organize a power boat certification and yacht training session.
A WOMAN from Westcliff is now paying the price for working while dishonestly claiming benefit.
A WOMAN is paying the price for working while dishonestly claiming benefit.
The University of Hong Kong had found in its regular influenza virus surveillance programme that two pig samples taken at the Sheung Shui Slaughterhouse on October 22 tested positive for human swine influenza virus, a spokesman for the Food and Health Bureau said today.
Two pig samples tested positive for human swine influenza virus.
Saskatchewan, and especially Prince Albert, needs a surge in the number of police officers.
Saskatchewan needs a surge.
Sapient announced that it has expanded its digital marketing creative team with the appointment of Former Ogilvy NYC Creative Director Tomas Siedleczka to creative director.
Sapient announced it has expanded its digital marketing creative team.
Regional publisher Johnston Press today announced it was extending its pay freeze for a further six months.
Johnston Press was extending its pay freeze for a six months.
Kolstad, 76, who served as lieutenant governor under Republican Gov. Stan Stevens from 1988-1991, died of cancer Saturday at the Liberty County Hospital in Chester.
Kolstad who served, died of cancer.
Luup has launched a universal mobile payments platform, which is the result of the integration of the Temenos T24 core banking application and Microsoft BizTalk with Luup's mobile payment services platform.
Luup has launched a universal mobile payments platform.
Israeli sources reported Sunday that a Jewish Man was stabbed to death at a hostel in Jerusalem.
A Jewish Man was stabbed to death at a hostel in Jerusalem.
A gunman was taking pot shots at a strip club where he used to work when an innocent bystander was shot on the Gold Coast, a court has been told.
A gunman was taking shots at a strip club.
When Saina Nehwal is on a roll, it's near impossible to stop her, even if you were a silver medallist at the World Championship.
It's impossible to stop Saina Nehwal.
A Meriden man died after being hit by a car in Hamden on Saturday night.
A Meriden man died after being hit by a car.
Project management is the new route to the top in the Middle East business world and project managers are now earning more than before the financial crisis, according to a leading industry expert.
Project management is the new route to the top in the business world.
Auckland Chamber of Commerce chief executive Michael Barnett says that is one of the reasons businesses are holding off on their investments decisions.
Businesses are holding off on their investments decisions.
Apple has overtaken Google as the world's most valuable brand, ending a four-year reign by the internet search leader, according to a new study by global brands agency Millward Brown.
Apple has overtaken Google as the world's most valuable brand.
Eric Boullier is confident that ``there's plenty more to come'' from Lotus this season as it works to develop its E21.
Eric Boullier is confident there's plenty more to come from Lotus.
Jair Jurrjens told MLB.com Saturday that he expects to return from the disabled list and start next weekend against Arizona.
Jair Jurrjens expects to return and start next weekend.
Russia plans to boost its military presence in the Arctic to underline its claims in the vast mineral-rich region.
Russia plans to boost its military presence in the Arctic.
THE introduction of a carrier bag charge will cost Welsh shoppers millions of pounds a year, harm trade and hit those on lower incomes hardest, some of Britain's most powerful companies have warned.
THE introduction of a carrier bag charge will cost Welsh shoppers millions of pounds a year.
India must include the Kashmir issue in talks with Pakistan in order to take forward parleys between the two countries, Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi said.
India must include the Kashmir issue in talks.
A 30-year-old married woman was allegedly gangraped allegedly by two relatives of her landlord in Vivek Vihar in east Delhi.
A woman was allegedly gangraped by two relatives of her landlord.
Roma have joined the race to sign St. Etienne's Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang according to Sky Sports.
Roma have joined the race to sign St. Etienne's Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang.
Their work helps explain why fat-storing cells get fatter, and burn fat slower, as obesity sets in.
Why cells get fatter, and burn fat.
FORMER York Rugby League Club player and manager Dennis Goodwin, a Great Britain international and Challenge Cup winner, has died in his home town of Barrow, aged 81.
FORMER York Rugby League Club player Dennis Goodwin has died, aged 81.
Borealis, the speciality chemicals group, said that its first quarter net profits fell 56% to €61m but had come in above expectations.
Borealis said its first quarter profits fell 56%.
The US Senate on Thursday passed a landmark healthcare bill, which will expand healthcare insurance coverage to 94 percent of the Americans and could usher in the biggest change in US healthcare policy in decades.
The US Senate passed a landmark healthcare bill.
Pets at Home is holding a national fundraising week this week across all of its 234 stores.
Pets at Home is holding a national fundraising week.
A Volusia County Sheriff's Office helicopter made an emergency landing near DeLand Monday evening.
A Volusia County Sheriff's helicopter made an emergency landing.
Israeli police have been ordered to show 'zero tolerance' toward rioters in the mixed Arab-Jewish city of Acre, Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said on Sunday, after recent violence between the two communities in the northern coastal city.
Police have been ordered to show zero tolerance toward rioters.
University Avenue and Jefferson Street Northeast are both tentatively scheduled to open today in the north metro.
University Avenue and Jefferson Street Northeast are both scheduled to open today.
Footballer Wayne Rooney and Stereophonics upset hotel guests Wednesday night when they held an impromptu after show party in a hotel room in Manchester.
Wayne Rooney and Stereophonics upset hotel guests they held in a room in Manchester.
In 2012, Nassau County bus ridership fell to its lowest ridership level since 1998.
Nassau County bus ridership fell to its lowest level since 1998.
The Commonwealth Bank of Australia opened its first Indian branch Wednesday, becoming the first Australian bank to operate with a full banking licence in the country.
The Commonwealth Bank of Australia opened its first Indian branch.
Three persons were arrested in Allahabad district today with a large cache of explosives including Ammonium Nitrate, dynamite tubes and detonators.
Three persons were arrested with a large cache of explosives.
Britney Spears has confirmed she will take her sons on her forthcoming world tour, quashing reports she would cancel the jaunt if she wasn't allowed to travel with her children.
Britney Spears will take her sons on her tour.
Spain and the Netherlands will play extra time in the World Cup final after a 0-0 draw in 90 minutes.
Spain and the Netherlands will play extra time in the final.
Belfast has enjoyed the fastest economic growth of any large city in the UK over the past 10 years, according to a report out today.
Belfast has enjoyed the fastest economic growth in the UK.
Hip fractures are a common injury for seniors, and can become a very serious if not fatal wound to recover from.
Hip fractures are a common injury for seniors.
Czech international Roman Hubnik, seen here in October 2009, has been loaned by FC Moscow to Bundesliga club Hertha Berlin for six months with an option to buy, his agent told the CTK news agency on Monday.
Roman Hubnik has been loaned by FC Moscow to Hertha Berlin.
Cincom Smalltalk TM announces the release of ObjectStudio® 8.1 and VisualWorks® 7.6, each with a number of significant improvements, including support for Seaside 2.8--the high-productivity web application development system.
Cincom Smalltalk TM announces the release of ObjectStudio ® 8.1 and VisualWorks ® 7.6.
A St. Joseph man has pleaded guilty in the death of his 7-week-old son.
A St. Joseph man has pleaded guilty in the death of his son.
Maradona, who is a fan of Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, is currently in Beijing, China as part of his charity programs and will most likely visit Iran but the exact time of his arrival has yet to be announced.
Maradona, who is, is, and will visit Iran.
The shekel is strengthening against the dollar, but weakening against the euro in morning inter-bank trading today.
The shekel is strengthening against the dollar.
A HandyDart bus and a car collided Monday morning at the corner of 104th Avenue and Old Yale Road leaving the driver of the car with head injuries, say Surrey RCMP.
A bus and a car collided, say Surrey RCMP.
Local girl, Shauna Finan, was crowned Queen of the Woodlands 2012 at the Loughglynn Music Festival over the August Bank Holiday weekend.
Girl, Shauna Finan, was crowned Queen of the Woodlands 2012.
Dealer management systems specialist Pinewood says that dealers are using CRM in an effort to boost new and used car sales as well as aftersales.
Dealers are using CRM in an effort to boost new and used car sales.
Benihana Inc. , operator of the nation's largest chain of Japanese theme and sushi restaurants, today responded to public statements made by certain shareholders concerning the forthcoming special meeting of shareholders to consider and act upon a proposed merger the sole purpose of which is to increase the authorized number of shares of the Company's Class A Common Stock by 12,500,000.
Benihana Inc. today responded to public statements made by certain shareholders concerning the forthcoming special meeting of shareholders.
Kim Kardashian and Kris Humphries are allegedly fighting over the $2 million engagement ring that Kris Humphries gave Ms. Kardashian.
Kim Kardashian and Kris Humphries are allegedly fighting over the engagement ring.
Twilight has been named as the worst movie of all time, according to the website Rifftrax.com.
Twilight has been named as the worst movie of all time.
A Woodstock woman charged with various child pornography offenses will appear in court tomorrow.
A Woodstock woman will appear in court tomorrow.
Former All Blacks forward Jerry Collins has been arrested in Japan and charged with carrying an illegal knife in a department store, police said on Sunday.
All Blacks forward Jerry Collins has been arrested.
UK based PPSS have now launched a highly durable slash resistant duty jacket, using their very own EN 388:2003 Blade Cut Resistance Level 5 fabric Cut-Tex PRO.
PPSS have launched a slash resistant duty jacket.
The motor racing fraternity has been paying its respects today to former GP2, DTM, British F3 and sportscar star Christian Bakkerud, who has died following a road car accident in London at the weekend.
And Christian Bakkerud has died following a road car accident.
Goa will initiate 'migrant monitoring study' to judge the impact of migration on state's demographic, social and economic fabric.
Goa will initiate migrant monitoring study.
Pep Guardiola hailed Lionel Messi as the king of world football after the Argentinian became Barcelona's all-time record goalscorer thanks to his eighth hat-trick of the season.
Pep Guardiola hailed Lionel Messi.
At a Cabinet meeting here, the Prime Minister mentioned how he faced embarrassing questions over the incidents during his meetings with the leaders of the US and European Union, official sources said.
The Prime Minister faced embarrassing questions.
Police shot and killed a man who pointed a weapon at a bystander and then at officers trying to pull him over in a traffic stop.
Police shot and killed a man.
``So help me God,'' President Banda concluded in reciting her oath making her Commander --in-Chief of Malawi army and Police.
So help God.
The final switch to Digital TV happens this Friday at midnight.
The final switch to Digital TV happens this Friday.
The Orlando Magic picked up their $2.8 million option on former Duke star JJ Redick for next season.
The Orlando Magic picked up their option on JJ Redick.
State Treasurer Kay Ivey is dropping out of the 2010 governor's race to run for lieutenant governor.
Kay Ivey is dropping out of the 2010 governor's race.
US stock futures pointed to a higher open on Tuesday, as market sentiment was boosted by a flurry of upbeat corporate earnings reports and as traders awaited US data on house prices and consumer confidence.
US stock futures pointed to a higher open.
Yemen launched a major offensive against al-Qaeda and the US embassy here reopened on Tuesday after security forces staged a raid just outside the city that dealt with an imminent security threat.
Yemen launched a major offensive against al-Qaeda.
``Ultimately, the US pork industry will need more demand, lower feed costs or lower supplies to be profitable,'' says John Lawrence, professor of agriculture, Iowa State University.
The pork industry will need more demand.
Actor Kal Penn has been robbed at gunpoint in Washington DC his former publicist has confirmed.
Actor Kal Penn has been robbed at gunpoint.
Injury strikes Sharks yet again Updated: 09:43, Wednesday April 24, 2013 The Sharks have lost yet another player to injury ahead of their Super Rugby match against the Chiefs in Hamilton.
Injury strikes Sharks yet again Updated.
President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono observed his 59th birthday on Tuesday.
Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono observed his 59th birthday.
Chris Brown is planning to surprise Rihanna while she is away on her 'Diamonds' world tour.
Chris Brown is planning to surprise Rihanna.
President George W. Bush today plans to order 8,000 more combat and support troops out of Iraq by February, a measured drawdown that will leave nearly the same level of US forces in the war zone for the rest of the year.
George W. Bush today plans to order 8,000 troops out of Iraq by February.
VICTORIAN allrounder Glenn Maxwell will make his international debut when Australia take on Afghanistan in Saturday's one-day clash in Sharjah.
Glenn Maxwell will make his international debut.
Governor David A. Paterson announced that, effective immediately, health care providers may make the H1N1 flu vaccine available to all New Yorkers who want the vaccine, including those who are not in priority groups established by the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Providers may make the H1N1 flu vaccine available to all New Yorkers who want the vaccine, including those who are not in priority groups.
TiVo said it intends to offer $120 million in convertible senior notes in a private offering.
TiVo intends to offer $ 120 million in senior notes.
Legendary producer Quincy Jones will receive an honorary doctorate from the University of Washington, school representatives announced last week.
Quincy Jones will receive an honorary doctorate.
Former French President Jacques Chirac, in second volume of his memoirs, has described President Nicolas Sarkozy as 'impetuous, disloyal, ungrateful, provocative' and -- worst of all -- 'unFrench' in his political attitudes.
Jacques Chirac has described Nicolas Sarkozy as impetuous, disloyal provocative unFrench.
Two Whitchurch postmen were killed after their car collided with a tree on the B5063 near Walton.
Two Whitchurch postmen were killed.
Chief executive Peter Storrie has confirmed that he will step down from his position once Portsmouth have been sold.
Peter Storrie will step once Portsmouth have been sold.
Due to unusually warm and dry conditions, fire restrictions are planned to start Thursday on open fires, the use of fireworks, and public firework displays.
Fire restrictions are planned to start Thursday.
Boone County teenagers featured on a billboard advertising a life free of alcohol, tobacco and drugs includes, from left:
Teenagers featured on a billboard.
Rain has stalled the hard red winter wheat harvest in Kansas before it could begin, but growers will be more concerned if the poor conditions continue next week.
Rain has stalled the wheat harvest in Kansas.
Man shoots himself in primary school Updated: 05:18, Friday May 17, 2013 A middle-aged man with a history of family problems has shot himself dead in a Paris primary school near the Eiffel Tower, in front of about a dozen stunned children.
Man shoots himself in primary school.
Through periods of heavy rain Tuesday, the Winston-Salem downtown farmers market opened for the year.
The Winston-Salem farmers market opened.
The US Coast Guard rescued a man whose skiff overturned Sunday night in rough waves off Point Loma, authorities said.
The US Coast Guard rescued a man whose skiff overturned.
Iran is establishing a bank and an insurance company via a joint venture with Oman to increase trade between the two countries.
Iran is establishing a bank via a joint venture with Oman.
Prime Minister Helen Clark says Australian political strategists hired by the National Party are ``tricksters''.
Australian strategists are tricksters.
A Saturday afternoon vegetation fire was contained to one and half acres, saving two structures that were endangered by the blaze, fire officials said Sunday.
A vegetation fire was contained.
In a Norristown courtroom today, Jon Gosselin was ordered to return $180,000 of the funds he withdrew from a bank account he shares with his estranged wife, Kate Gosselin, according to a TMZ.com report.
Jon Gosselin was ordered to return $ 180,000.
Democrats expect a fight over disclaimer requirements in a campaign finance bill that they say has been watered down and will do a disservice to voters.
Democrats expect a fight over requirements in a campaign finance bill.
Life Quotes, Inc. wants heart attack survivors to know that, while it may be tough to get a life insurance policy, it's not impossible.
Life Quotes, Inc. wants.
MOTORHEAD rocker LEMMY wants to die onstage because he can't stand the idea of a drawn-out retirement.
LEMMY wants to die onstage.
Boston manhunt: father claims suspects were framed as search continued Subscribe to the Guardian HERE: http://bitly.com/UvkFpD The father of Dzokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, suspects in the Boston marathon bombing, says the pair were framed.
Boston manhunt : father claims suspects were framed as search continued, suspects, says.
InvenSense, which provides motion sensors used in consumer electronics, postponed its IPO on Tuesday because of poor market conditions.
InvenSense postponed its IPO.
An unidentified man carries a banner outside a Foxconn factory in the township of Longhua in the southern Guangdong province May 27, 2010.
An man carries a banner outside a Foxconn factory.
- The St. Louis Cardinals announced Saturday that they have released right-handed pitcher Matt Clement.
The St. Louis Cardinals have released pitcher Matt Clement.
KEVIN Rudd says he takes a ``conservative'' approach to an early election but won't rule out using a double dissolution trigger.
KEVIN Rudd takes but won't rule out using a double dissolution trigger.
THE political party led by Vice-President Jejomar Binay, PDP-Laban, is strengthening its local alliances in Bacolod and Negros Occidental.
THE political party is strengthening its alliances in Bacolod and Negros Occidental.
A McDowell County man accused of faking numerous accidents has pleaded guilty to fraud charges.
A man accused of faking accidents has pleaded guilty.
STANFORD, Calif. Researchers at Stanford University School of Medicine have identified a protein critical for the growth of pancreatic cancer.
Researchers have identified a protein critical for the growth of pancreatic cancer.
DeMarcus Cousins throws it down on Jeremy Tyler of the Golden State Warriors on March 124, 2012 for Kings TV.
DeMarcus Cousins throws on Jeremy Tyler.
Last week bullish investor sentiment declined to 40% from the prior week's sentiment level of 47.44%.
Bullish investor sentiment declined.
Police will be stepping up patrols along the seafront over the weekend, following the arson attack at Essex Yacht Club on Thursday morning.
Police will be stepping up patrols, following the arson attack.
The Weir Group has made a major accountancy recruitment move, hiring a new financial director.
The Weir Group has made a major accountancy recruitment move.
CALABASAS HILLS, Calif. Restaurant chain Cheesecake Factory Inc. said late Tuesday that it has amended the terms of its revolving credit facility.
Cheesecake Factory Inc. has amended the terms of its credit facility.
Oprah Winfrey has denied rumours she is gay in a US interview with Barbara Walters.
Oprah Winfrey has denied rumours she is gay.
Vernon Kay is letting everyone know he's alive after an entry in wikipedia said he had died.
Vernon Kay's alive.
It was a painful day in an Onslow County courtroom as a former sheriff's deputy pleaded guilty to taking indecent liberties with a 13-year-old girl.
It was as a former sheriff's deputy pleaded guilty.
A Tampa woman has been charged with growing marijuana after Hillsborough County deputies responding to an anonymous tip went to her apartment and saw several plants on the balcony.
A Tampa woman has been charged with growing marijuana.
The New Orleans Saints have hired former Cowboys coordinator Rob Ryan as their new defensive coordinator to implement the Saints' new 3-4 scheme and to replace the fired Steve Spagnuolo.
The New Orleans Saints have hired Rob Ryan as their defensive coordinator.
There are many companies and individuals who are openly engaging in illegal and unregulated online sales of prescribed medicines in India.
Who are engaging in illegal and unregulated online sales of prescribed medicines in India.
The Dow struggled for direction as the dollar gained, and investors awaited more direction on a compromise reached between President Barack Obama and the Republicans on extending Bush-era tax cuts.
The Dow struggled for direction as the dollar gained.
Researchers at Auburn University in the US are developing new technologies to store and recycle nuclear waste.
Researchers are developing new technologies to store and recycle nuclear waste.
Hollywood superstar Angelina Jolie is ready to quit acting to spend more time with her six kids.
Angelina Jolie is ready to quit acting.
Zhongpin Inc., a leading meat and food processing company in the People's Republic of China, today announced that its board of directors has approved an increase in the stock repurchase program of 30 million of its outstanding stock over the next 12 months.
Zhongpin Inc. today announced its board has approved an increase in the stock repurchase program of 30 million.
Wales has been praised for the ``festival'' spirit it lent to the opening fixtures of London 2012 as the world reacted to the Olympics' opening salvo.
Wales has been praised for the festival spirit it lent to the opening fixtures of London 2012.
Birds are more clever than you thought -- the avians can talk out of the corner of their mouths in a bid to scare off predators, says a new study.
Birds are -- the avians can talk out of the corner of their mouths.
http://www.firstcoastnews.com/video/2308509218001/1/Internet-cafe-shutdown-causes-security-job-loss http://bcdownload.gannett.edgesuite.net/fcn/35067928001/35067928001_2308527303001_th-516f5988e4b076511deb377f-95694977001.jpg?pubId=35067928001 Internet cafe shutdown causes security job loss Now that a statewide law has shutdown all Internet cafes, many of security officers are also out of work.
Shutdown causes security job loss a law has all Internet cafes.
Mushroom Age for iPhone and iPad will go FREE for a single day to celebrate Valentine's Day!
Mushroom Age will go FREE to celebrate Valentine's Day.
Prices being paid for Illinois farmland continued their upward ascent during 2012 and are expected to continue to rise into the foreseeable future, according to the 2013 Illinois Land Values and Lease Trends Report released at the Illinois Land Values Conference sponsored by the Illinois Society of Professional Farm Managers and Rural Appraisers.
Prices being paid for Illinois farmland continued their upward ascent.
ANNE KEOTHAVONG yesterday kept up her fine form at the Qatar Total Open by beating world No47 Tamira Paszek in the first round in Doha.
ANNE KEOTHAVONG yesterday kept up her fine form.
MILAN -Napoli missed several excellent scoring chances to draw 0-0 at home with Genoa in the Serie A on Saturday.
Napoli missed to draw 0 0 at home with Genoa in the Serie A.
Veteran Algerian diplomat Lakhdar Brahimi is likely to quit as the UN and Arab League special envoy for Syria in the coming weeks as he is reportedly frustrated over the never-ending conflict in the country.
Lakhdar Brahimi is likely to quit as the UN special envoy for Syria.
New Delhi, June 24 Retirement fund body EPFO today decided to extend the deadline for appointment of fund managers to manage its huge corpus of over Rs 3.5 lakh crore to August 31, 2011.
EPFO today decided to extend the deadline for appointment of fund managers.
A woman is in the hospital with life-threatening injuries after a truck landed on her Friday night.
A woman is in the hospital after a truck landed on her night.
Authorities have ordered an autopsy to learn more about the death of a man whose body was found under a pile of tires north of Palmview.
Whose body was found under a pile of tires north of Palmview.
A MAJOR sea rescue mission launched off Huttoft last night, Tuesday, may have been a false alarm.
A MAJOR sea rescue mission launched off last night.
TOWNELEY Hall will close for one day so that trees near power lines can be cut back.
TOWNELEY Hall will close for one day.
Novelist Dame Beryl Bainbridge, who lived in north London, has died at the age of 77 after a short battle with cancer.
Novelist Dame Beryl Bainbridge has died.
Cadence Bank completed its conversion of Houston-based Encore Bank over the weekend, successfully adding more than 40,000 customers to its systems and products, Birmingham's third largest headquartered bank said today.
Cadence Bank completed its conversion of Encore Bank.
A new Priceline store is opening in Cowra and is expected to bring up to 25 jobs to the town.
A new store is opening.
The Sooty puppet used by Matthew Corbett in his last stage show will go under the hammer in Dorset later.
The Sooty puppet will go under the hammer in Dorset.
General Cable Corporation, one of the most globally diversified industrial companies,, announced today that it closed its previously announced private offering of $600 million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2022 in an offering exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
General Cable Corporation closed its offering of $ 600 million in amount of senior notes in an offering.
New Delhi, April 26 India said Tuesday it will 'engage' with Sri Lanka on a UN report that found credible allegations of war crimes both by government forces and the Tamil tigers.
India will engage with Sri Lanka on a UN report.
The Canadian dollar opened at 79.19 cents US this morning, up 0.06 of a cent from Tuesday's close.
The Canadian dollar opened at 79.19 cents US, up 0.06 of a cent.
Victoria Beckham has finally confirmed that Eva Longoria is set to be Harper Seven's godmother after months of denying the rumors.
Eva Longoria is set to be Harper Seven's godmother.
Former South Africa coach Jake White will spend a week working with English Premiership club Saracens ahead of their match against Worcester on November 30.
Jake White will spend working with club Saracens.
A TEACHER from Rhyl has called for every school in the country to adopt a zero tolerance policy towards pupils who abuse and pester her colleagues both in the classroom and at home.
A TEACHER has called to adopt a zero tolerance policy.
Schools need to do more in tackling the causes of bad behaviour, as unruly children may have special needs or serious problems at home, a leading charity has warned.
Schools need to do more in tackling the causes of bad behaviour.
A 4-year-old boy is recovering Thursday morning after officers say he fell out of a second story window.
A boy fell out of a second story window.
British rider Lizzie Armitstead has revealed that she will be focussing solely on the road race at the London 2012 Olympics despite being a world champion and multiple medal winner on the track.
Lizzie Armitstead will be focussing solely on the road race at the London 2012 Olympics.
A 14-year-old honor student from Northridge, Los Angeles, died this week after inhaling computer keyboard cleaner, a growing trend among students as young as eighth grade.
A honor student died after inhaling keyboard cleaner.
A 36-year-old Emirati mother of three is accused of taking drugs, the Dubai Criminal Court heard on Wednesday.
A mother of three is accused of taking drugs.
US President Barack Obama will attend the East Asia Summit on the Indonesian resort island of Bali on November 19, a local official said Thursday.
Barack Obama will attend the East Asia Summit.
Richmond has opened three cooling shelters as the region prepares for a high temperature around 100.
Richmond has opened three cooling shelters.
RSM McGladrey, one of the country's leading providers of financial services under the McGladrey brand, celebrated 10 years of providing wealth management services in Rockford.
RSM McGladrey celebrated 10 years of providing in Rockford.
At least five motorists died on the roads this weekend, including one 52-year-old man who died while driving with his 12-year-old daughter in the canton of Schwyz.
At least five motorists died on the roads this weekend.
The Wheeling Nailers, AA Affiliate for the Pittsburgh Penguins and Montreal Canadiens, are pleased to announce the Montreal Canadiens have assigned two players from the Hamilton Bulldogs to the Nailers.
The Montreal Canadiens have assigned two players to the Nailers.
A Societe Generale employee has been released without charge after being questioned over the multi-billion-euro rogue trading scandal at the French bank, a judicial source said Thursday.
A Societe Generale employee has been released without charge, a source said.
A 41-year-old man has been charged with impaired driving following a collision with a taxi and a parked vehicle on Hamlyn Road in St. John's.
A man has been charged with impaired driving following a collision with a taxi and a parked vehicle.
Inflation rose to 11.98 per cent for the week ended July 19 as some food and manufactured products turned dearer, justifying the harsh monetary stance of the Reserve Bank announced a couple of days back.
Inflation rose to 11.98 per cent.
Microsoft and the Linux Foundation, the epicenter of the movement that wants to destroy Microsoft, have sent a joint letter to the American Law Institute protesting its draft Principles of the Law of Software Contracts meant to guide judges in interpreting licensing agreements.
Microsoft and the Linux Foundation have sent a joint letter protesting.
Scottish Labour MP John MacDougall has died after a long illness.
John MacDougall has died after a illness.
Cricket agent Mazhar Majeed has been bailed without charge amid claims of match-fixing involving the Pakistan cricket team.
Agent Mazhar Majeed has been bailed without charge.
Dambulla , Jan 27 The curator here today conceded that he got little time to prepare the pitch but said the 22-yard for tomorrow\u0026aposs first one-dayer between India and Sri Lanka will have something for both batsmen and bowlers.
The curator got little time to prepare the pitch.
Hollywood superstar Johnny Depp turned rockstar for a night as he joined Alice Cooper at a private concert and played the guitar in style.
Johnny Depp turned rockstar as he joined Alice Cooper.
The Kansas Highway Patrol said Thursday afternoon that no charges will be filed in a fatal crash Wednesday morning near Mayetta, because the driver was killed.
No charges will be filed in a fatal crash.
A bank robbery suspect was arrested Wednesday at a Galleria-area Starbucks as customers and employees looked on, KPRC Local 2 reported.
A robbery suspect was arrested at a Starbucks.
A WEYMOUTH sailor who fought in the Falklands has been honoured for more than three decades' service in the Royal Navy.
A WEYMOUTH sailor has been honoured for more than three decades ' service.
Extract seeks other suitors Updated: 12:11, Monday February 6, 2012 The Australian developer of one of the world's biggest uranium assets, Extract Resources, says it is still seeking alternative options after China inched closer to making a take-over offer.
Extract seeks other suitors.
NBA Commissioner David Stern, center, talks with reporters after leaving an NBA labor talks meeting , Monday, Oct. 10, 2011, in New York.
David Stern talks with reporters.
A new 100 per cent English cocktail has been created by a Town Crier in Herefordshire.
A 100 per cent English cocktail has been created.
Tom Petty will be performing with The Heartbreakers at the Walnut Creek Amphitheater in Raleigh , North Carolina on Saturday, July 12 at 7:30 pm.
Tom Petty will be performing at the Walnut Creek Amphitheater, on Saturday, July 12.
Former finance minister Pranab Mukherjee was elected Indian President on Sunday after votes from national and state lawmakers were counted in the race for the mainly ceremonial post.
Pranab Mukherjee was elected Indian President.
Kingston police have refused to say how many police officers will be dragged away to the Olympic Games but have promised numbers will be maintained.
Officers will be dragged away to the Olympic Games.
Radico Khaitan announced on Monday that it has seen a 20-fold increase in its profit for the quarter ending March 31, 2010.
Radico Khaitan has seen a 20-fold increase in its profit.
SLOVAKIA adopted the euro as of Thursday to become the 16th member of the euro zone, exactly ten years after the single European currency was introduced.
SLOVAKIA adopted the euro.
The Corruption Eradication Commission has announced it plans to establish an independent ethics committee to examine violations committed by its members and investigators in the field, with suspended KPK chief Antasari Azhar ``to go on trial''.
The Corruption Eradication Commission plans to establish an ethics committee.
Import of cotton from India started Monday, as the country withdrew ban on export of cotton.
Import of cotton from India started.
Former Baylor center and openly gay female athlete, Brittney Griner is tired of hiding who she is.
Former Baylor center, Brittney Griner is tired of hiding.
THE decision of Petrolina-Agip petrol station owners to go on strike today is ``rushed and unnecessary'' the oil company said yesterday.
THE decision of petrol station owners to go on strike today is.
It went into administration just hours after another retailer MFI also collapsed.
It went into administration.
A US court ordered a temporary halt to federal funding of embryonic stem cell research, which President Barack Obama had authorized, saying it involved the destruction of human embryos.
A US court ordered a halt to funding of stem cell research.
Downing Street is reportedly waiting in genuine perplexity for Barack Obama to decide what he wants to do about Libya specifically and the Middle East uprisings in general.
What Barack Obama wants to do.
China began charging the full consumption tax on fuel oil and three other oil products retroactively from January 1, tripling the previous level of taxation, state media reported Wednesday.
China began charging the full consumption tax on fuel oil media reported.
Takoradi Polytechnic has been ranked the first among polytechnics in Ghana for the second time running by the world universities ranking body, Webomatics, the largest public research body known for its scientific methods in web ranking.
Takoradi Polytechnic has been ranked the first among polytechnics in Ghana.
Vanessa Hudgens will star as Mimi in the premiere of Rent at the Hollywood Bowl on August 6, 7 \u0026 8, 2010.
Vanessa Hudgens will star as Mimi in the premiere of Rent at the Hollywood Bowl.
For the first time, scientists have shown that amniotic fluid may be a potential new source of stem cells for therapeutic applications.
Amniotic fluid may be a new source of stem cells.
An ``ancient'' Greek statue found in a sheep pen north-west of Athens last week has now been deemed a fake.
An ancient Greek statue found has been deemed a fake.
bcuddy@thetribunenews.com San Luis Obispo County supervisors quietly approved a tentative budget for fiscal year 2012-13 of $469.4 million, a 1 percent increase over this year's spending plan.
San Luis Obispo County supervisors approved a tentative budget for year 2012 13.
Davy Graham, the British folk guitarist who greatly influenced Bert Jansch and Paul Simon died from lung cancer at the age of 68 in his London home.
Davy Graham, the British folk guitarist who influenced died in his London home.
With sales sagging as a result of the recession, bro-friendly restaurateur Hooters is looking for a buyer.
Hooters is looking for a buyer.
The actress has recently sung the Nepali version of the prominent South Indian track ``Kolaveri Di''.
The actress has sung the Nepali version of the track Kolaveri Di.
Two Hamilton County neighborhoods will be without power for a couple of hours tomorrow as Duke Energy works on electrical grid upgrades in the area.
Two Hamilton County neighborhoods will be without power tomorrow.
Shots were fired Saturday night, but no one was injured and police did not locate any witnesses.
Shots were fired, but no one was injured.
Just one month away from receiving her Lifetime Achievement award at the Grammy's, Patti Page has died at the age of 85.
Patti Page has died at the age of 85.
Amazon announced it would modify the Kindle 2 so that authors, publishers or any holders to a novel's rights can choose whether to turn on the feature, which takes written text and converts it to human speech.
Amazon would modify the Kindle 2.
IBM Philippines recently launched a new generation mainframe that it says is the most powerful and energy-efficient mainframe ever.
IBM Philippines launched a new generation mainframe.
Bollywood star Saif Ali Khan was asked to leave the VIP lounge of the Lucknow airport on Thursday.
Saif Ali Khan was asked to leave the VIP lounge.
British police arrested a terror suspect wanted by the United States, they announced Wednesday.
British police arrested a terror suspect wanted.
Choice Hotels International Inc. reports Q4 EPS of $0.44, 2 cents better than the analyst estimate of $0.42.
Choice Hotels International Inc. reports Q4 EPS of $ 0.44.
Yesterday in Downing Street I asked Gordon Brown whether Saudi Arabia is still funding the Taliban.
Saudi Arabia is still funding the Taliban.
JERMAIN Defoe gave Fabio Capello a gentle reminder that Theo Walcott isn't the only one who knows where the goal is.
JERMAIN Defoe gave Fabio Capello a gentle reminder.
Adam Levine has explained why he went through a ``promiscuous'' phase before getting together with Sports Illustrated Swimsuit model Anne V. The singer attributed his promiscuousness to loving women.
Adam Levine has explained he went through a promiscuous phase.
Portsmouth have secured a £10 million loan from Portpin Limited, a company said to be owned by Balran Chainrai, a Hong Kong-based businessman.
Portsmouth have secured a £ 10 million loan.
THE draft national curriculum for English, mathematics, science and history in senior high school was released on Friday.
THE draft national curriculum was released.
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar has said India was sitting on the powder keg of corruption and stressed that the country needs a spark to ignite a revolution as witnessed from the huge public response to social activist Anna Hazare's demands for a strong anti-graft bill.
India was sitting on the powder keg of corruption.
Five-star recruit Terrence Jones surprised a lot of people late Wednesday night when he finally made his decision, picking Kentucky over Washington.
Terrence Jones made, picking Kentucky.
The Ministry of Health has assured the general public that it has provided some mitigating measures to minimise the impact of the strike action by the Ghana Medical Association and Government Hospital Pharmacists Association.
The Ministry of Health has assured the general public it has provided some mitigating measures.
It was more than 55 years ago when Albert Einstein said, ``The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax.''
Albert Einstein said, The thing is the tax.
Republican vice-presidential hopeful Sarah Palin has given her first TV interview since being picked by John McCain to be his running mate.
Sarah Palin has given her first interview.
House Democrats unveiled a draft health care reform bill Friday that would include a public health insurance option and would require all individuals to get health coverage.
House Democrats unveiled a draft health care reform bill.
``Rolando let me know that he plans to retire from the NFL,'' Ravens general manager Ozzie Newsome said.
Rolando plans to retire from the NFL.
By Tarmo Virki, European Technology Correspondent Nokia, the world's biggest cell phone maker, said on Tuesday it would halt investment in its first major Internet service push, a media sharing site, as part of a revamp of its services strategy.
Nokia would halt investment in its push, a media sharing site.
Barcelona soccer player Eric Abidal will have a liver transplant in the coming weeks.
Eric Abidal will have a liver transplant.
The United States is pleased to announce that it will host UNESCO's World Press Freedom Day event in 2011 ...
The United States will host UNESCO's World Press Freedom Day event.
US Ambassador to Canada David Jacobson said Tuesday that Vice President Joe Biden would head the American delegation to the Winter Olympics in Vancouver.
Joe Biden would head the American delegation to the Winter Olympics.
Netflix subscribers get to bite into AMC's ``The Walking Dead,'' according to The Hollywood Reporter.
Netflix subscribers get to bite into AMC's The Walking Dead.
Daimler AG, the world's biggest maker of commercial vehicles, is in talks to buy a 42 percent stake in truckmaker Kamaz as a way to boost sales in the fast-growing Russian market.
Daimler AG is in talks to buy a stake in Kamaz.
Sydney, Dec 8 Domestic violence may directly hit productivity at the workplace, with one in five victims experiencing continued harassment from their partners.
Domestic violence may hit productivity at the workplace.
The eighth meeting of the parties of the memorandum of mutual understanding on regional cooperation in the field of drug control is taking place in Almaty, the agency reports.
The eighth meeting of the parties of the memorandum of mutual understanding on regional cooperation is taking place.
Susan Boyle will sing for the Pope during his four-day trip to the United Kingdom.
Susan Boyle will sing for the Pope.
German steelmaker ThyssenKrupp AG still sees the need for a consolidation of the stainless steel market despite some improvements in trading conditions in recent weeks, Chief Financial Officer Alan Hippe said Friday.
ThyssenKrupp AG sees the need for a consolidation of the stainless steel market.
Former news anchor Keith Olbermann formally denounced the ``death'' of his career on Twitter.
Former news anchor Keith Olbermann denounced the death of his career.
A murderer who was caught after his victim's thumb was dropped from the sky by a bird has been jailed for life along with his co-accused in sentences totalling 78 years.
A murderer who was caught after his victim's thumb was dropped from the sky by a bird has been jailed for life.
more pics ''Sandra Bullock surfaced a time or two in the first month or so following the awful affair scandal that ruined her marriage, but the first time we really saw the actress out in public and in the spotlight was at the Spike TV Guys Choice Awards June 5, then the MTV Movie Awards the next day.
Sandra Bullock surfaced in the month or so following the affair scandal.
12 Immigration June 23-29, 2012 TheSouthAsianTimes.info It's not exactly Dream Act.
12, It's not exactly Dream Act.
Kansas says it has hired Florida offensive coordinator Charlie Weis as its head coach, a move made after flirting with Auburn's Gus Malzahn.
Kansas has hired Charlie Weis as its head coach.
Park East Square's brownfield cleanup loan was quickly approved without protest, a strange twist given opposition as late as last night from a local union.
Park East Square's loan was approved.
Faysal bank won the bid for RBS on Thursday.
Faysal bank won the bid for RBS.
Fujita is now back on the Browns' 53-man roster, which had an opening when cornerback Joe Haden was suspended four games Monday for failing a drug test and violating the league's ban on performance-enhancing substances.
Fujita is back on the Browns ' roster, which had.
North Korea has called for an end to hostile relations with the United States in a New Year message, the official news agency KCNA reported.
North Korea has called for an end to hostile relations.
Calhoun announced he would indeed come back next season.
Calhoun would come back next season.
A Fridley resident interrupted a burglary in process Wednesday evening on the 1300 block of Hillcrest Drive.
A Fridley resident interrupted a burglary in process.
Alex Ovechkin now has a gritty winger to go in front of the net in the so-called ``dirty'' areas.
Alex Ovechkin has a gritty winger.
TEENAGER Dan Gosling was Everton's hero as they knocked city rivals Liverpool out of the FA Cup with a 1-0 extra-time fourth round replay win at Goodison Park.
Dan Gosling was as they knocked Liverpool out of the FA Cup.
The Council on Revenues lowered its general fund forecast for the state of Hawaii Wednesday to 2 percent for fiscal year 2011, which ends June 30 of next year.
The Council on Revenues lowered its general fund forecast.
Big Indian pharma firms selling their stake does raise the fear of drug prices rising, but the question is whether they can ever hope to create a value equal to what MNCs are willing to pay them today.
Pharma firms selling does raise.
US markets swung lower Thursday morning after the Labor Department said first-time unemployment claims rose, although just slightly, last week.
Markets swung lower Thursday morning.
The Republicans have officially selected Mitt Romney as their presidential nominee at the party's national convention in Florida, Euronews reported.
The Republicans have officially selected Mitt Romney as their presidential nominee.
A map of Vietnam made from 1,000 gold dragons worth nearly VND 1 billion will be highlighted at the 'Quang Nam Culture-Tourism Week' in Hanoi at the end of November.
A map of Vietnam made from 1,000 gold dragons.
Pakistan has arrested five Indian fishermen along with their boat for allegedly fishing illegally in the country's exclusive economic zone, officials said today.
Pakistan has arrested five Indian fishermen.
It is reported that pension costs for US Steel are expected to hit almost USD 600 million in 2011 as the company deals with an aging workforce and a wave of retirements.
Pension costs for US Steel are expected to hit almost USD 600 million in 2011.
Chairman All Pakistan Textile Mills Association Mohsin Aziz said on Wednesday that Aptma had always stood for free market mechanism in the larger interest of the country.
Aptma had stood for free market mechanism.
Renee Zellweger has opened up about her breast cancer scare, which threatened to halt her career after the success of Jerry Maguire.
Renee Zellweger has opened up about her cancer scare.
US President Barack Obama will visit China in mid-November in a four-nation Asia trip from Nov. 12 to 19 which will also take him to Japan, Singapore and the Republic of Korea, the White House said on Wednesday.
Barack Obama will visit China in mid-November.
Chelsea's 'keeper Petr Cech wins the Czech footballer of the year award for the third time in a row....
Chelsea's Petr Cech wins the Czech footballer of the year award.
Pakistan has become an ``abnormal'' and ISI-driven entity which uses Islamic militants to pursue its defence and foreign policy goals, an eminent Pakistani writer has said.
Pakistan uses Islamic militants.
South Carolina welcomed back a familiar face to wide receiver Tuesday when Bruce Ellington returned to the football practice field.
Bruce Ellington returned to the football practice field.
The 11th annual Mayor's Awards for the Arts were handed out recently during a ceremony at the Washington Pavilion of Arts and Science.
The Mayor's Awards for the Arts were handed out.
Anand Kumar, who founded Super 30, Bihar's free coaching centre, has been selected as one of the role models for the Tata Jagriti Yatra 2010, organized by the Tata Group.
Anand Kumar, who founded has been selected as one of the role models.
New Delhi, Oct 24 BJP today said it was wrong to use the term ``Hindu terrorists'' for the alleged extremists arrested on charges of the Malegaon blasts and charged ``some section'' of trying to malign the majority community.
It was wrong to use the term Hindu terrorists.
The Arizona Diamondbacks claimed catcher Craig Tatum off waivers from the Houston Astros on Monday.
The Arizona Diamondbacks claimed Craig Tatum off waivers.
Social commerce network Lockerz, which just lost its founder and CEO Kathy Savitt to Yahoo, has raised $7.5 million in new funding, according to an SEC filing.
Social commerce network Lockerz has raised $ 7.5 million.
European stocks are seen opening flat to slightly higher on Tuesday ahead of the upcoming Federal Reserve meeting due after the London market close, with economists expecting no major policy moves.
European stocks are seen opening to slightly higher.
Newly-single star Cheryl Cole has been named the world's sexiest woman - for the second year running.
Cheryl Cole has been named the world's sexiest woman.
The beleaguered textile industry on Tuesday applauded a new ``buy American'' law sponsored by freshman Rep. Larry Kissell, though it remains unclear how many jobs will be shifted to the United States because of it.
The textile industry applauded a buy American law.
The Kroger Co. has consolidated its ``Naturally Preferred'' and ``Private Selection'' private labels under a new brand:
The Kroger Co. has consolidated its labels under a new brand.
McGuinty says he's in no hurry to call a byelection in Kitchener-Waterloo.
McGuinty says he's in no hurry to call a byelection.
Recent wrecks belie improving rail safety record It's easy to think the railroads are unsafe when there are pictures of burning, derailed cars on the nightly news.
Recent wrecks belie improving rail safety record.
Fox won its third straight Monday night of the new TV season, though it looks as though the much-hyped ``Monday Night Football'' game between the Minnesota Vikings and Green Bay Packers stole away some viewers from broadcast.
Fox won its third straight Monday night.
The Australian market ended flat or unchanged on Wednesday, after eight consecutive sessions of gains, on weaker than expected economic data related to housing loans for owner-occupied houses.
The Australian market ended flat on weaker economic data.
Video-sharing website YouTube just announced that it has now reached 4 Billion video views per day and 1 hour of video uploads per second.
YouTube has reached 4 Billion video views per day.
David Ragan held off Carl Edwards on a two-lap sprint to the finish Friday night to win the Nationwide Series race at Bristol Motor Speedway in Tennessee.
David Ragan held off to win.
Cuba plans to plant more trees this year with the planting of 165,560 acres.
Cuba plans to plant more trees.
The West Indian umpire, Billy Doctrove, has announced his retirement from the ICC elite panel after a 14-year international career in which he officiated in 167 matches across all three formats.
The umpire, Billy Doctrove, has announced his retirement.
As the US promised to cooperate with India to resolve the issue of affected Indian students of a sham US university, three more students have been freed of radio monitor tags by authorities.
Three more students have been freed of radio monitor tags.
Rocker Lenny Kravitz is rumoured to be joining the judging panel of the UK version of The Voice.
Lenny Kravitz is rumoured to be joining the panel of the UK version of The Voice.
Yemen criticized the US call for delay in a vote on constitutional amendments proposed by the ruling party last week which already took place Saturday by the House of Representatives as interference in its internal affairs.
Yemen criticized the US call for delay in a vote on constitutional amendments which took as interference.
An early Wednesday morning apartment fire has left three Augusta families homeless, at least for a while.
An apartment fire has left three Augusta families homeless.
Tycoon Warren Buffett, pictured in 2011, announced Tuesday that he has early-stage prostate cancer, and indicated he had no intention of stepping down as head of his investment firm Berkshire Hathaway.
Warren Buffett has prostate cancer.
For the entire month of July we want to collect your old cell phones.
We want to collect your old cell phones.
After a three year absence, the Sabres clinched a playoff spot with a dominating 7-1 win over Tampa at the HSBC Arena.
The Sabres clinched a playoff spot.
Mickey Baker, one half of the hit-making duo Mickey and Sylvia in the late '50s and an influential guitarist whose work can be heard on hundreds of records, has died at his home near Toulouse, France.
Mickey Baker, Mickey and Sylvia, has died.
Businessman Bruce Lunsford has won a crowded Democratic Senate primary in Kentucky, and now gets a crack at Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell.
Bruce Lunsford has won a Democratic Senate primary.
New York Jets wide receiver Braylon Edwards is being sued for child support by a former contestant on America's Next Top Model.
Braylon Edwards is being sued for child support.
A construction worker has been indicted on five felony charges in connection with contracts he made with area homeowners.
A construction worker has been indicted on five felony charges.
Turkish scrap importers have been returning to the market, trading sources confirm to Steel Business Briefing.
Turkish scrap importers have been returning to the market.
The Children's Advocacy Center of Laredo Webb County has announced that Elizabeth smart will be coming to Laredo.
Elizabeth smart will be coming to Laredo.
A man killed his brother over some petty issue in Malir within Model Colony police remits here on Monday.
A man killed his brother.
Police are looking for a man, identified as Mr Desmond Loo Soon Aik, to assist in its investigations into the murder of an Indonesian money courier at The Arcade on Aug 24.
Police are looking for a man to assist in its investigations into the murder at The Arcade.
The Australian share market opened strongly today, with financial and materials stocks leading the rise.
The Australian share market opened strongly.
British boxer Amir Khan on Monday said that Pakistani cricketer Shahid Khan Afridi is his good friend and he has invited him in his wedding ceremony.
Shahid Khan Afridi is his good friend.
Two cruise ship companies have temporarily suspended port calls to St. Kitts pending results of the probe into a robbery of 16 cruise ship tourists that occurred last Sunday.
Two cruise ship companies have suspended calls to St. Kitts.
Fiat SpA, Italian's largest automaker, said on Thursday that it is seeking new partners in China to promote sales in the world's second largest auto market, as sales sharply slowdown due to the Olympics and sliding consumer confidence, according to sources.
Fiat SpA is seeking new partners in China.
Globe Telecom is quietly entering the mobile TV market running the service on its 3G network.
Globe Telecom is quietly entering the mobile TV market.
Naturally, then, it's troubling to hear that Favreau won't return to direct ``Iron Man 3.''
Favreau won't return to direct Iron Man 3.
Nurul Izzah Anwar, the daughter of freed Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim, says the Arab Spring has shown that Islam and democracy can co-exist and propel the opposition into power in Malaysia at elections later this year.
Islam and democracy can co-exist.
NEW YORK -Sarah Palin says she accepts David Letterman's apology for the joke he made about her daughter.
Sarah Palin accepts David Letterman's apology for the joke he made.
Harry Potter star Emma Watson will showcase her new fashion line at a royal garden party.
Emma Watson will showcase her fashion line at a royal garden party.
BCE Inc., Canada's largest communications company, said Friday that it has reached a final agreement with a buyer group led by the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan to complete the C$35 billion buyout deal struck last June.
BCE Inc. said it has reached a final agreement to complete $ buyout deal struck.
The Red Sox added a second hitting instructor to their coaching staff Friday, naming Victor Rodriguez as assistant hitting coach.
The Red Sox added, naming Victor Rodriguez as assistant hitting coach.
Everton captain Phil Neville is upset for teammate Tim Cahill over his World Cup red card with Australia.
Everton captain Phil Neville is upset for Tim Cahill.
Prime Minister Gordon Brown has warned that Britain faces a decade of terror as al-Qaeda finds fresh methods for its murderous attacks.
Britain faces a decade of terror as al-Qaeda finds.
Former Mo Thugs rapper Willie Lyons is wanted by police in Cleveland, Ohio after allegedly missing his child support payments.
Former Mo Thugs rapper Willie Lyons is wanted by police.
VENEZUELA has closed its border with Colombia as part of a rapidly escalating crisis over the killing of a Colombian rebel chief, authorities in Caracas said according to Colombian television Caracol.
VENEZUELA has closed its border with Colombia.
Long waits before delayed flights just got a lot more entertaining --at least in Ibiza-- where Cathy and David Guetta have opened the world's first airport club.
Cathy and David Guetta have opened the world's first airport club.
India could reach double digit growth in the remaining two years of the 11th Five Year Plan if the present trend of growth continued, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said on Saturday.
India could reach double digit growth.
The National Hockey League Players' Association and the National Hockey League announced today that forward Jordin Tootoo of the Nashville Predators has been cleared to play in NHL games while he continues to participate in the follow-up care phase of the Substance Abuse and Behavioral Health Program of the NHLPA and the NHL.
Jordin Tootoo has been cleared to play in NHL games.
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister M Karunanidhi said on Friday that sustained efforts would be taken after the June 2010 International Classical Tamil conference to make Tamil an official language of the Union Government.
Efforts would be taken to make Tamil an official language.
THE milk war that crippled the dairy industry may be about to end, with Coles announcing a deal with co-operative Norco to supply milk into southeast Queensland.
THE war may be, with Coles announcing a deal with Norco to supply milk into southeast Queensland.
You can read through the report and find out out who lobbied city officials about what, and how much money they spent.
Who lobbied city officials.
Aliu Mahama, who served as deputy to former president John Kufuor of the New Patriotic Party between 2001 and 2009, died on Friday morning.
Aliu Mahama, who served, died.
FAMILIES will pay up to $180 for school student bus passes under a revised State Government plan to scrap fully subsidised school travel.
FAMILIES will pay up to $ 180 for bus passes.
Charges could flow from ICAC inquiry Updated: 21:07, Tuesday April 9, 2013 Former NSW mining minister Ian Macdonald and a group of businessmen involved in a coal exploration licence could face a range of charges, a corruption inquiry has heard.
Charges could flow from ICAC inquiry Updated.
Well, recently some parts of the media seem to have adopted this approach to trashing foreign aid, saying aid doesn't work, and the public don't want it.
Aid doesn't work.
This year's Homecoming theme is ``You're a Part of the Story.''
You 're a Part of the Story.
Erin Dilly will temporarily replace 2012 Tony Award nominee Kelli O'Hara as Billie Bendix in the Broadway production of the new musical Nice Work If You Can Get It, at the Imperial Theatre, July 15-29.
Erin Dilly will temporarily replace 2012 Kelli O'Hara in the Broadway production of the Nice Work If You Can Get It.
Microsoft, maker of the popular Windows line of operating systems, will distribute free software to low-income groups in Seoul, city officials said Wednesday.
Microsoft will distribute free software to groups in Seoul.
A BUNGLING thief who left a trail of footprints in the snow when he went stealing is facing six months in jail.
A BUNGLING thief who left a trail of footprints in the snow is facing.
Mark Hughes will remain in charge of Manchester City next season, according to the club's chairman Khaldoon Al Mubarak.
Mark Hughes will remain in charge of Manchester City.
In my endless quest to find something different and blend it with todays technology I drove past a familiar looking little black car that put me in the way-back play-back machine.
In my quest to find something different.
More people visited the Outer Banks in June than a year ago despite soaring gasoline prices.
More people visited the Outer Banks.
England arrived in Krakow on Wednesday ahead of their Euro 2012 Group D opener against France.
England arrived in Krakow.
An Indian-origin woman told a court in Australia Monday that she set fire to her husband's genitals because she believed he was having an affair.
An woman told a court she set fire to her husband's genitals.
Qtel faces a fine and legal action over the way it launched its Virgin Mobile Qatar service.
Qtel faces a fine and legal action.
An Umno supreme council member has been arrested by the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission for allegedly engaging in money politics.
An Umno supreme council member has been arrested for engaging in money politics.
Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, the head of Iran's Expediency Council, has warned against ``extremists...trying to persist in the mistakes of the past eight years.''
Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, the head, has warned against extremists.
MISSOULA, Mont. A 19-year-old man accused of trying to drag a UM student into his car has pleaded not guilty to robbery and theft.
MISSOULA, A man has pleaded not guilty to robbery and theft.
Indian Foreign Minister Pranab Mukherjee said India will ensure the safe passage of the Olympic torch through the country and will not permit any anti-China activity by Tibetans on Indian soil, The Hindu newspaper reported Friday.
India will ensure the safe passage of the Olympic torch.
A Utica woman was charged with disorderly conduct, resisting arrest and assault Tuesday after she injured an Oneida County Sheriff's deputy while at the County Office Building, sheriff's deputies said.
A woman was charged, resisting arrest Tuesday.
AOL will cut about 700 jobs, or 10 per cent of its workforce, as the Internet services and media company struggles with an advertising downturn and recession, according to an internal memo circulated to employees.
AOL will cut about 700 jobs.
The Canadian economy showed signs of entering a recession in February, while the construction sector experienced low rates of growth.
The Canadian economy showed signs of entering a recession.
Dutch company Martinair, which owns the KLM group, said Thursday that it would be stopping commercial flights on its four Boeing 767 aircraft by next year, to focus on transporting freight.
Martinair said it would be stopping commercial flights.
Dropkick Murphys have revealed details for their special club show on Saturday.
Dropkick Murphys have revealed details for their club show.
Australia thrashed Bangladesh by eight wickets in the second one-day international to clinch the series yesterday as the visitors continued their miserable form with the bat.
Australia thrashed Bangladesh to clinch the series.
Gov. Jon S. Corzine on Thursday nominated Robert Taylor to continue serving as Cape May County prosecutor.
Jon S. Corzine nominated Robert Taylor to continue serving as Cape May County prosecutor.
Two alleged kidnappers have been arrested at the charge of abducting for ransom by mutual crackdown by Anti-war crime Sibli and Citizen Police Community here on Sunday.
Two kidnappers have been arrested.
Kim Kardashian is craving giant cookies and French fries.
Kim Kardashian is craving cookies.
Fresno Congressman Jim Costa wants to pass a new transportation bill instead of extending the current law every few months.
Jim Costa wants to pass a new transportation bill.
At least 500 refinery workers in the New Orleans area could go on strike this weekend as part of possible nationwide walkout by the United Steelworkers union over a contract dispute with oil companies.
At least 500 refinery workers in the New Orleans area could go on strike this weekend.
Serbia is testing a patient for its first suspected case of swine flu, the health minister said today.
Serbia is testing for its first suspected case of flu.
2010 fall sport schedules for 12 Hamilton College varsity teams are posted on the Hamilton athletics Web site on each team's Web page.
2010 fall sport schedules are posted.
Acas is attempting to avert a strike at UK airports by acting as a mediator between airports operator BAA and the union representing disgruntled workers, Unite.
Acas is attempting to avert a strike.
US folk-rock icon Bob Dylan has endorsed Barack Obama for president, saying Obama is ``redefining what a politician is,'' The Times of London reported.
Bob Dylan has endorsed Barack Obama.
A soldier from Elmira Heights who was killed in Korea in 1950 was finally laid to rest late this morning at Elmira's Woodlawn National Cemetery.
A soldier who was killed in Korea was finally laid to rest.
Bree, who lost 110 pounds in two years by exercising daily and overhauling her diet, now wants to inspire others to embrace a healthy lifestyle.
Bree, who lost 110 pounds, wants.
North Korea blocked access to a key joint industrial zone with South Korea on Wednesday--a sharp escalation in a military crisis that Washington blamed on Pyongyang's ``reckless'' behaviour.
North Korea blocked access to a key industrial zone.
Ethiopian airlines is expected to sign a firm order with Airbus for a previously announced purchase of 12 Airbus 350-XWB aircraft at a list price of almost $3 Billion.
Ethiopian airlines is expected to sign a firm order for a purchase of 12 Airbus 350 XWB aircraft.
After scoring record ratings for the network, FX has renewed 'American Horror Story' for a second season.
FX has renewed American Horror Story.
Labour Party senior whip Darren Hughes said Dr Smith misled the House -- which is against Parliament's rules -- in Parliament last Thursday.
Smith misled the House.
The victims' families of the crash say they'll fight to keep ``Jub Jub'' and Themba Tshabalala in jail.
The victims ' families say they 'll fight to keep Jub Jub in jail.
McLaren's Lewis Hamilton turned the tables on Ferrari with the fastest lap in the Monaco Grand Prix practice held yesterday.
McLaren's Lewis Hamilton turned the tables on Ferrari with the fastest lap.
Long-term Manchester United target Luis Suarez has admitted that he might leave Ajax for a bigger club this summer.
Manchester United target Luis Suarez has admitted he might leave Ajax this summer.
The craft beer market and other speciality beers are gaining in popularity in the city.
The craft beer market are gaining in popularity.
Britannia Industries is setting up three new green field manufacturing units at Bihar, Orissa and Karnataka to boost its production capacity that would support the robust demand for its products across the country.
Britannia Industries is setting up three new units.
Majlis Speaker Ali Larijani has said that any sanction against Iran will be met with a bitter response.
Any sanction against Iran will be met with a bitter response.
The tabloid story everybody's talking about -- but almost no one is writing about -- has created an interesting debate on the Internet about the dueling roles of old/new media and what constitutes legitimate news.
The tabloid story everybody's talking about.
A Charlotte man is charged with breaking into an emergency clinic after he ran past authorities responding to an alarm call on Innes Street.
A man is charged with breaking into an clinic.
Videocon d2h, a leading direct-to-home service provider, today said that it now offers the maximum number of channels and services in the country at around 266 channels and services overall.
Videocon d2h offers the maximum number of channels in the country.
Chinese government is to open more museums, memorial halls and national patriotism education bases to the public for free amid efforts to upgrade cultural services.All national museums and provincial comprehensive museums will stop charging entry fees this year, says a government circular.Museums and memorial halls listed as national patriotism education bases will open for free, adds the circular, jointly issued by the Publicity Department of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, the ministries of finance and culture, and the State Administration of Cultural Heritage on Janyary 23.Free entry is also available to museums above county level in Zhejiang, Fujian, Hubei, Jiangxi, Anhui and Gansu provinces and Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region.Other provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities are encouraged cut or abolish entry fees according to their circumstances, the circular says.All museums, memorial halls and national patriotism education bases will be free to visit by 2009 except cultural relics and historical sites, which will have cheap rates for minors, the elderly, soldiers, the disabled and low-income families, says the circular.For special or guest exhibitions, museums and memorial halls can charge fees, the circular says, and museums are encouraged to have cheap tickets and flexible plans, such as regular free entry, and cheap tickets for groups and families.
Chinese government is to open more museums, memorial halls for free.
A former Logan County teacher was sentenced to jail for two months for having sex with a student.
A former teacher was sentenced for two months for having sex with a student.
The people of the world need to get off their butts, scientists have concluded after an extensive review of global mortality statistics, which revealed that physical inactivity is killing more people than smoking.
Inactivity is killing more people than smoking.
US home prices fell in March, ending the first quarter of 2012 at the lowest levels since the housing crisis began in mid-2006, according to Standard \u0026 Poor's Case-Shiller home-price indexes.
US home prices fell in March, ending the first quarter of 2012 at the lowest levels since the crisis began in mid- 2006.
A man shot and wounded by Raleigh police during a confrontation last week has died.
A man shot by Raleigh police has died.
With Furcal leading the way, the Dodgers knocked the Reds around all night.
With Furcal leading, the Dodgers knocked the Reds.
CBS4 has learned the spill near the Suncor oil refinery may have started a year ago, not in late November as first reported.
CBS4 has learned the spill near the Suncor oil refinery may have started a year ago.
Sen. Chris Dodd endorsed one-time presidential rival Barack Obama on Tuesday and said it is time for Democrats to join forces to defeat the Republicans in the fall campaign.
Sen. Chris Dodd endorsed Barack Obama.
DELHI-BOUND Freya Murray pulled out a sprint finish to retain her Great Yorkshire 10k title in Sheffield yesterday.
Freya Murray pulled out to retain her Great Yorkshire 10k title.
Brooke Shields shares personal memories of Michael Jackson at memorial‎
Brooke Shields shares personal memories of Michael Jackson.
WASHINGTON The Pentagon announced on Thursday that it is taking new steps to try to clamp down on leaks of classified information, saying unauthorized disclosures undermine national security and in some cases rise to the level of criminal acts.
The Pentagon is taking new steps to try to clamp down on leaks.
ROCK star Ozzy Osbourne says a fan once asked him to sign a colostomy bag.
A fan once asked Ozzy Osbourne to sign a colostomy bag.
She recently admitted to failing a randomly-administed drug test with traces of cocaine being the culprit.
She admitted to failing a drug test.
Taiwan stocks rose 0.67 per cent on Friday, as tech shares such as TSMC climbed after gains on Wall Street and reports the government will loosen restrictions on tech sector investment in China.
Taiwan stocks rose, as tech shares climbed after gains.
A Taiwanese firm plans to start importing the Indian-made Nano, the world's cheapest car, targeting the island's millions of motorcyclists as potential buyers, a company official said on Wednesday.
A Taiwanese firm plans to start importing the Nano.
On August 14, Logitech International announced that it intended to acquire privately held Ultimate Ears for $34 million in cash.
Logitech International intended to acquire Ultimate Ears.
Charles Jenkins scored a career-high 38 points to help Hofstra hold off Fairfield 84-80 on Monday night.
Hofstra hold off Fairfield 84 80.
A 24-year-old man was shot twice by police at a busy Toronto intersection Monday afternoon after allegedly charging a Toronto Police officer while holding a knife.
A man was shot twice by police after allegedly charging a officer while holding a knife.
New survey finds American girls express interest in sciences but are not sure how to get there.
Girls express interest in sciences.
Further bolstering the presence of third-party social networks in iOS, Apple is testing deep LinkedIn integration for the upcoming release of iOS 7, according to code-based references found inside of the first beta of iOS 7.
Apple is testing deep LinkedIn integration for the release of iOS 7.
India must continue with steps to cool inflation, currently at double the ``ideal'' level, Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee said, ahead of the central bank's monetary policy decision next week.
India must continue with steps to cool inflation.
Jesse Jackson Junior, son of one of the country's top civil rights leader, on Wednesday resigned from his seat in the US House of Representatives, citing health problems.
Jesse Jackson Junior, son, resigned.
Rich tax dodgers are paying back six times as much money as they were two years ago, thanks to a crackdown by the Revenue's elite High Net Worth team.
Rich tax dodgers are paying back six times as much money as they were two years ago.
A combination of two techniques promises to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of experimental gene therapies, while also reducing potential side effects says a new research report published in the December 2011 issue of the FASEB Journal.
A combination of two techniques promises to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of experimental gene therapies, says a report.
``Alberta wildfires rage as extra help arrives'' is categorized as ``world''.
Alberta wildfires rage as extra help arrives is categorized.
Police are appealing for witnesses to a traffic accident in Tsuen Wan today in which 28 persons were sustained injuries.
Police are appealing for witnesses to a traffic accident in Tsuen Wan.
Lightning strikes 6 homes in Toms River No one was injured when lightning struck six homes in Toms River.
Lightning strikes 6 homes in Toms River.
Tata Consultancy Services, or TCS, an India-based information technology company, has announced that the Commonwealth Bank of Australia has selected the TCS BaNCS banking platform for its first Indian branch in Mumbai.
The Commonwealth Bank of Australia has selected the TCS BaNCS banking platform.
The Shanghai Futures Exchange is preparing to launch wire rod and deformed steel bar futures, general manager Yang Maijun said.
The Shanghai Futures Exchange is preparing to launch wire rod and deformed steel bar futures.
The ringgit closed lower against the US dollar today on selling pressure, dealers said.
The ringgit closed lower against the US dollar.
Baltimore police say a doctor has been shot at Johns Hopkins hospital in Baltimore and a suspect is holed up inside.
A doctor has been shot at Johns Hopkins hospital in Baltimore.
The first stage of the HydroOGK consolidation through the takeover of 20 subs was completed on the conversion of their stocks into the stocks of HydroOGK, the company informed.
The first stage of the HydroOGK consolidation was completed.
Google announced recently on its Official Google Enterprise Blog that it has moved its encrypted search to a domain of its own.
Google has moved its encrypted search to a domain of its own.
Provident Financial, which lends small sums to borrowers who cannot get credit from mainstream banks, reported a rise in first-half profits as Barnardo's attacked its high interests rates.
Provident Financial, which lends, reported a rise as Barnardo attacked its high interests rates.
ENVIRONMENT Minister Sammy Wilson has assured Lisburn City Council the new John Lewis planning application will be dealt with 'as quickly as possible'.
The John Lewis application will be dealt with quickly as possible.
A new series of magnetic clutches \u0026 couplings from Sterling Instrument features no friction or wearing parts, uses no electricity and no magnetic particles to leak.
A new series of magnetic clutches \u0026 couplings features no friction or wearing parts.
Michael Lohan was arrested on suspicion of domestic violence against his girlfriend Tuesday in Florida.
Michael Lohan was arrested on suspicion of domestic violence.
Mark Sanford won the South Carolina special election comfortably Tuesday, emerging victorious in a competitive race for what in normal circumstances is a safe Republican seat.
Mark Sanford won the South Carolina special election.
Democratic senator Barack Obama said a Hillary Rodham Clinton presidency would be a step back to the past, turning her husband's image of a bridge to the future against her.
Barack Obama said a Hillary Rodham Clinton presidency would be a step back.
A 'Nasi Katok' stall owner was fined $6,000 or four months' imprisonment in default by the Bandar Seri Begawan Magistrate's Court, Saturday for employing two immigration offenders to work at his stall in Kampong Lambak.
A stall owner was fined, for employing two immigration offenders.
The Consumers Energy Company, which provides electricity and natural gas, has appointed Richard Ford as the vice president of energy delivery for the utility.
The Consumers Energy Company has appointed as the vice president of delivery.
A SWAT officer died in the line of duty Tuesday, and a fellow officer remembers the 20-year Columbus Division of Police veteran while asking for your help.
A SWAT officer died in the line of duty.
TAMPA, Fla. A Tampa man was arrested after authorities say he tried to beat a drug test at his probation office by smuggling in someone else's urine.
A man tried to beat a drug test.
LEHIGH ACRES, Fla. ― A Lehigh Acres man was charged with injuring a police dog.
A man was charged with injuring a police dog.
The US Census Bureau recently released 2005-2009 American Community Survey data for all Pennsylvania counties, municipalities, census tracts, state senate and representative districts, school districts and congressional districts.
The US Census Bureau released 2005 2009 American Community Survey data.
A baby shower in Stoughton, Mass., ended in Drake/Chris Brown fashion as some 200 people began brawling with each other, the Boston Herald reports.
A baby shower ended as some 200 people began brawling.
Point Park University is the latest to campus in Pittsburgh to receive a bomb threat.
Point Park University is the latest to receive a bomb threat.
A 36-year-old Newton man has been arrested on felony animal cruelty charges for allegedly killing his ex-girlfriend's four kittens with a hammer.
A Newton man has been arrested on felony animal cruelty charges.
In Page County, several candidates for local offices met at a forum Tuesday.
In Page County, candidates met at a forum.
Charges are expected to be filed against a 52-year-old Forest County man accused pointing a gun at woman and firing a shot inside a home in the Town of Armstrong Creek.
Charges are expected to be filed against a man accused pointing a gun at woman and firing a shot inside a home.
A new believe is firmly advancing among many educators and reseachers that thinking is invariably interwoven into the context of a problem or the issue at hand.
Thinking is interwoven into the context of a problem.
The oldest horse on Wild Horse Island State Park in Flathead Lake has died after spending more than 30 years on the island.
The oldest horse on Wild Horse Island State Park in Flathead Lake has died.
US stocks looking slightly stronger, as the first reports coming in on holiday sales indicate the season was better than last year's weak one.
Stocks looking slightly stronger.
Santa Ana, Calif. A lawyer says day laborers have sued a Southern California city over a ban on seeking work on the street.
Day laborers have sued over a ban on seeking work on the street.
A car bomb killed 33 people in a market in the Iraqi town of Balad on Sunday, the US military said.
A car bomb killed 33 people in the Iraqi town.
Said doubles standout Dominic Hansford: ``We're having a strong start to the season, it's going well so far.''
It's going well so far.
HUNDREDS of friends and family members attended the funeral of a popular community figure last week.
HUNDREDS attended the funeral of a popular community figure.
Google is investing US$75 million in an Iowa wind farm as part of its effort to encourage development of cleaner energy sources.
Google is investing $ 75 million in an Iowa wind farm.
Security software vendor McAfee has agreed to acquire Secure Computing for approximately $465 million -- just under twice its annual revenues.
McAfee has agreed to acquire Secure Computing.
Officials have released new figures showing that nature tourism is bringing $300 million dollars a year to the Rio Grande Valley.
Nature tourism is bringing $ 300 million dollars to the Rio Grande Valley.
Rudy Acuna is hard at work selling the big lie and the big guy.
Rudy Acuna is selling the big lie and the big guy.
A report published by the Israeli Information Centre for Human Rights in the Occupied Territories has stated clearly that the Separation Wall built by the Israeli government has caused ``unnecessary suffering'' to the Palestinian people.
The Separation Wall has caused unnecessary suffering to the Palestinian people.
The United States has refused to confirm or deny reports claiming Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf has rebuffed top intelligence officials of the Bush administration, on proposed American operations inside Pakistan, including joint operations.
Pervez Musharraf has rebuffed top officials.
NASA is poised to launch on Friday a one billion dollar solar-powered spacecraft called Juno on a five-year journey to Jupiter in search of what makes up the solar system's biggest planet.
NASA is poised to launch a spacecraft on a journey to Jupiter.
Luxury handbags are the UK's cup of tea, according to the World Luxury Index, an analysis of the most search luxury brands, which found that British shoppers love designer handbags more than any other country.
British shoppers love designer handbags.
Playboy founder Hugh Hefner has been granted a restraining order against an intruder, who was twice arrested for allegedly colliding his car into the gates of playboy mansion.
Hugh Hefner has been granted a restraining order against an intruder.
Rod Stewart has launched his own clothing line on his official website store and other outlets.
Rod Stewart has launched his clothing line.
A student protest continues at Dickinson College on Thursday night but students say they've made progress.
A student protest continues.
Gold bounced back above US$1,840 an ounce on Thursday as the last session's dramatic 3% price slide tempted physical bullion buyers back to the market, with concerns over euro zone debt and the US economy firmly underpinning interest.
Gold bounced back.
Despite appearing in over 70 movies during his career, Gary Busey, 67, has filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy in California, according to TMZ.
Gary Busey has filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy.
It took 33 weeks of a 35 week broadcast TV season, but Fox now holds the season to date lead in all major age demos for the 2008-9 season.
It took, but Fox now holds to date lead in all major age demos for the season.
Britain's oldest stuntman, who has appeared in a host of Hollywood movies, has recreated a stunt which almost killed him 26 years years ago.
Britain's stuntman has recreated a stunt which almost killed him.
There are rumours that Gina Carano may be posing for Playboy.
Gina Carano may be posing for Playboy.
Tata Motors on Tuesday launched a new range of bus chasis which promises better fuel efficiency and lower maintenance costs.
Tata Motors launched a new range of bus chasis.
Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison stops in Amarillo for the second time in a week.
Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison stops in Amarillo.
Life Healthcare Communications has made four new appointments, adding to its client service, creative and digital teams.
Life Healthcare Communications has made four new appointments.
The government has released its latest fire statistics this week, and while they show a decline in the number of incidents being attended by UK fire and rescue services, the Fire Industry Association believes there is still a way to go to improve safety and bring down the numbers even further.
The government has released its latest fire statistics.
Hundreds of people marched yesterday against domestic violence in an activity organized by the Justice Ministry, with the motto ``Zero Tolerance towards Violence against Women.''
Hundreds marched against domestic violence.
North Korea threatened to conduct a nuclear weapons test to derail ``hostile'' US policies, after the Obama administration pushed through United Nations sanctions against the totalitarian state for a rocket launch last month.
North Korea threatened to conduct a nuclear weapons test to derail US policies.
A baby whale abandoned by its mother in the waters off north Sydney has been put down, after veterinarians decided it could not survive on its own.
A baby whale has been put down.
Adams wants European medal presentation Updated: 10:22, Saturday August 18, 2012 Valerie Adams says she would prefer to receive her Olympic gold medal in Europe rather than New Zealand.
Adams wants European medal presentation 10:22.
Language schools are regulated by a Legal Notice listing the national minimum conditions and while some might have decided to revise their regulations recently, they cannot be obliged to do so by Feltom, the Federation of English Language Teaching Organisations Malta, The Malta Independent has learnt.
Language schools are regulated by a Legal Notice listing the minimum conditions.
The Bank of Russia left rates unchanged Friday, as expected, but may be considering looser monetary policy to offset the effects of a deepening sovereign debt crisis in Europe, analysts said.
The Bank of Russia left rates unchanged Friday, as expected.
Budapest authorities agreed to wait until after Passover to close down an alternative Jewish culture center.
Budapest authorities agreed to wait until after Passover to close down an Jewish center.
I've been pretty lax lately about updating this blog... well, the holidays are over and it's back to work!
The holidays are over.
Mike Anderson has been named the University of Arkansas' head men's basketball coach it was announced by Vice Chancellor and Director of Athletics Jeff Long on Wednesday.
Mike Anderson has been named the University of Arkansas head men's coach.
Rutherford High's graduating class of 2010 received awards and honors in their brand new gym along with school board members.
Rutherford High's graduating class of 2010 received awards.
A prototype video game controller that tugs on your thumbs as you play could make games feel more realistic by simulating the pull of a fishing line, the recoil of a gun or the feeling of ocean waves.
A video game controller that tugs on your thumbs could make.
A taxi driver will face court today charged with sexually assaulting a female passenger at Marayong, in Sydney's north-west.
A taxi driver will face court charged with sexually assaulting a female passenger.
A 20-year-old Madison man has been convicted of torturing a man who he claimed stole drugs from him.
A Madison man has been convicted of torturing.
A prominent Chinese AIDS activist has fled China for the United States with his wife and 4-year-old daughter to escape increasing government harassment of him and his organization, he said Monday.
A activist has fled China with his wife to escape harassment.
A Memphis police officer was charged with rape and turned himself in on Tuesday.
A Memphis police officer was charged with rape.
AbitibiBowater Inc. today announced the appointments of Anthony F. Griffiths and Paul Rivett to serve on its Board of Directors.
AbitibiBowater Inc. today announced the appointments to serve on its Board of Directors.
Serbian businessman Toplica Spasojeviæ said that three separate developmental institutions need to be formed in Serbia.
Three developmental institutions need.
High school baseball games had to be rescheduled Tuesday in Frederick after baseball fields at Governor Thomas Johnson High School and Husky Field were vandalized.
Baseball games had to be rescheduled in Frederick after fields were vandalized.
The Detroit Tigers placed centerfielder Austin Jackson on the 15-day disabled list today following their 2-1 loss to the Cleveland Indians.
The Detroit Tigers placed Austin Jackson on the disabled list.
HAVANA, Cuba, May 5 The objective of the 7th Campaign against Homophobia and Transphobia, under way until May 24 is to promote and defend the right to free and responsible sexual orientation and gender identity.
HAVANA, Cuba is to promote the right to free sexual orientation.
State employees in York, Chester and Lancaster counties should report to work at 1 pm Monday, due to inclement weather.
State employees, should report to work at 1 pm.
Former RJD MP Rajesh Ranjan alias Pappu Yadav, who has been evading arrest for more than three months, was arrested by the CBI from a private hospital in Gurgaon in the outskirts of the capital in connection with the murder of a former CPI MLA 12 years back.
Pappu Yadav was arrested by the CBI.
Nokia 808 PureView, the latest offering from the handset maker and a successor to Nokia N8, stole the show at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona with a 41 megapixel sensor, unheard of in mobile phones.
Nokia 808 PureView stole the show.
Phil Hughes has been scratched from Monday's start after experiencing lower back spasms yesterday.
Phil Hughes has been scratched from Monday's start.
Sachin Tendulkar's magnanimity is well known in cricketing circles and the legendary cricketer again proved that he is as big-hearted a human being as he is as a cricketer when he decided to share his Man-of-the-match award with young Ambati Rayudu.
He decided to share award with Ambati Rayudu.
West Australian iron ore miner Fortescue will launch a High Court appeal against a Federal Court verdict that it made misleading statements to investors.
Fortescue will launch a High Court appeal.
As it turns out, even Snowmen, scratch that, Snowpeople, support marriage equality.
Snowmen, scratch that support marriage equality.
The actress shares, ``Three years ago, it felt like we didn't have anything, and now my life--our life--has kind of repaired itself. Look, it's not a perfectly operating system--there are holes and dips and electrical storms--but the basics are intact. It's changed how I see the world and how I interact on a daily basis. It's changed the parent I am. It's changed the friend I am. It's changed the kind of work that I really want to do. It's become the lens through which I see life--that it's all impermanent.''
The shares it felt, and my life has kind of repaired. It's changed I see.
LONDON National Express Group PLC, the train and bus operator that is handing back its loss-making London-Edinburgh rail franchises to the government, received Thursday a 688.5 million pound takeover approach from its largest shareholder and CVC Capital Partners Ltd.
National Express Group PLC received a takeover approach.
Cardinals coach Ken Whisenhunt said Thursday that he wouldn't rule out Anquan Boldin playing Sunday against the Cowboys.
Ken Whisenhunt wouldn't rule out Anquan Boldin playing Sunday.
The UN Security Council meets today to formally end the UN observer mission in Syria amid entrenched divisions between the major powers over the conflict-stricken country.
The UN Security Council meets to end the UN observer mission in Syria.
The Food and Drug Administration said Monday that it plans to regulate smokeless electronic cigarettes as tobacco products and will not try to regulate them under stricter rules for drug-delivery devices.
The Food and Drug Administration plans to regulate smokeless electronic cigarettes.
Ken Griffey Jr. is back in Seattle and already making a difference on and off the field for the Mariners.
Ken Griffey Jr. is making a difference on and off the field.
Wikipedia, the upstart Internet encyclopedia that most universities forbid students to use, has suddenly become a teaching tool for professors.
Wikipedia has become a teaching tool.
A noted Ukrainian writer, Yury Andrukhovych, says a moratorium on the past history should be imposed in Ukraine to overcome the present rift between Western and Eastern Ukraine.
A moratorium on the past history should be imposed in Ukraine.
After shifting an impressive 1.3 million copies of 2004 debut Storyteller around the globe, ``crossover'' artist Raghav is back to set the charts alight with his monster new album Identity.
Raghav is back to set with his Identity.
The Black Crowes have stripped down their hits and favorites for Croweology, and Chris Robinson discusses whether it was an easy process or not.
The Black Crowes have stripped down for Croweology.
European stocks are expected to open higher Thursday, taking their cues from a strong finish on Wall Street and a positive performance in Asia.
European stocks are expected to open higher.
One in five workers believes that their employer creates a stressful environment, suggests a new survey from Aviva.
Their employer creates a stressful environment.
Two days after being freed from house arrest, pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi has said that her aim is for a peaceful revolution in Burma, reports BBC.
Aung San Suu Kyi has said her aim is for a peaceful revolution.
The number of H-1B visas issued by the US could double under a proposed Senate immigration plan which would also remove the cap on the green card, a move likely to benefit Indian-American technology professionals but not the Indian companies.
The number of H-1B visas could double under a Senate plan.
Two Wellington Free Ambulance paramedics and a Wellington doctor are heading to Samoa next week to help equip and train paramedics there.
Two Wellington Free Ambulance paramedics are heading to Samoa to help.
Gov. Butch Otter has vetoed all eight appropriation bills that he threatened to veto this morning.
Butch Otter has vetoed all eight bills.
Sharif was in London to see his wife, who is receiving treatment here, the official said.
Sharif was in London to see his wife.
English cricket county Leicestershire have signed Pakistan all-rounder Abdul Razzaq as their second overseas player for the forthcoming FL T20 tournament.
County Leicestershire have signed Pakistan all-rounder Abdul Razzaq.
The DonPachi name might not mean anything to quite a few of you, but for those who love insane bullet hell shooters the news that DoDonPachi Resurrection is heading to Europe is very welcome indeed.
DoDonPachi Resurrection is heading to Europe.
``Defense Ministry strictly condemns Azerbaijan's regular destabilization act following OSCE monitoring in the line of contact on the eve of Armenian and Azerbaijani Presidents' meeting with Russian President's mediation. Defense Ministry extends condolences to Harut Grigoryan's relatives and states that Azerbaijani party is responsible for such provocations by Azerbaijan's armed forces,'' Armenian Defense Ministry press office reported.
Defense Ministry condemns Azerbaijan's destabilization act.
Primary Day is nearly upon us and candidates running for the 13th Congressional District seat are making their final push to voters.
Primary Day is and candidates are making their final push to voters.
Remnants of forces still loyal to Muammar Gaddafi staged a desperate stand in Tripoli on Tuesday as rebels fought their way into the capital, but the whereabouts of the veteran leader was a mystery, the Mail and Guardian Online reports.
Remnants of forces loyal to Muammar Gaddafi staged a stand in Tripoli as rebels fought.
Frank Lampard has called on Chelsea to rediscover their old spirit and pride after their 2-1 win away to Wolves on Monday.
Frank Lampard has called on Chelsea to rediscover their old spirit.
CoreLogic ®, a leading residential property information, analytics and services provider, today released its February MarketPulse report.
CoreLogic ®, today released its February MarketPulse report.
Nigeria midfielder John Mikel Obi has praised the courage of coach Stephen Keshi in selecting a young squad as Nigeria prepare to play the Africa Cup of Nations Final.
Nigeria midfielder John Mikel Obi has praised the courage of Stephen Keshi in selecting a young squad.
US Sen. Jim Bunning says Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg could die from pancreatic cancer in less than a year.
Jim Bunning says Ruth Bader Ginsburg could die in less than a year.
US stocks edged higher on Thursday, but gains were limited after relatively weak US jobless claims data and amid sustained concerns over the debt crisis in the euro zone following a disappointing Italian bond auction.
US stocks edged higher, but gains were limited.
Alfuzosin 10 mg once-daily improves ejaculatory dysfunction in sexually active men with lower urinary tract symptoms suggestive of benign prostatic hyperplasia, according to new findings presented here at the 25 th Anniversary European Association of Urology Congress.
Alfuzosin 10 mg improves ejaculatory dysfunction.
Public prosecutor in the 2002 Naroda Gam and Dipda Darwaza riot cases Ajay Choksi on Friday resigned from the post citing personal reasons.
Public prosecutor in the 2002 Naroda Gam riot cases Ajay Choksi resigned.
In a stunning reversal of form, New Zealand thrashed England in their opening one-day cricket international by six wickets and with 20 overs to spare at Westpac Stadium here yesterday.
New Zealand thrashed England.
Inter Services Public Relations said the statement by Chief of the Army Staff General Ashfaq Parvez Kayani with regard to Pak Air Force was distorted to give wrong meaning.
The statement with regard to Pak Air Force was distorted.
Roger Federer admitted he ``got lucky'' after surviving a massive first-round scare against Alejandro Falla at Wimbledon.
Roger Federer got lucky.
Oil prices hovered below $101 a barrel Friday in Asia ahead of a key US jobs report.
Oil prices hovered below $ 101 ahead of a key US jobs report.
SmarTrend's candlestick pattern scanner has detected a bullish engulfing pattern for shares of Ebix since the stock closed above $15.29.
SmarTrend's candlestick pattern scanner has detected a bullish engulfing pattern for shares of Ebix.
Actor turned Congress MP Govinda visited a Mumbai District Collector's office on Friday and clarified his position on poll code violation charges.
MP Govinda visited and clarified his position on poll code violation charges.
Thailand will call elections before June, Deputy Prime Minister Suthep Thuagsuban said on Thursday, providing first test of support for the government since it came to power three years ago in the polarised country.
Thailand will call elections before June.
The US dollar rose against the British pound on Monday amid gloomy British economy, but fell against the euro as inflation data reinforced expectations that the European Central Bank will not start cutting rates soon.
The dollar rose against the pound, but fell against the euro.
Fidel Castro, who led Cuba for a half century and became known worldwide for decades of Cold War-era clashing with the United States, will celebrate his 86th birthday Monday far from the limelight.
Fidel Castro will celebrate his 86th birthday far from the limelight.
General Stanley McChrystal, the former commander of US forces in Afghanistan whose career was cut short earlier this year by a Rolling Stone article, is shopping a book.
Stanley McChrystal, the former commander, is shopping a book.
Turkish State Religion Affairs Office said 14 Turkish pilgrims died in Saudi Arabia for various reasons.
14 Turkish pilgrims died in Saudi Arabia.
``Professional'' beggars are making up to £200 a night on the streets of Leicester, it has been revealed.
Professional beggars are making up to £ 200 a night.
The Justice Secretary, Ken Clarke, has said the middle classes don't understand the scale of the spending cuts that are about to hit them.
The middle classes don't understand the scale of the cuts.
Battery life of portable computer has a major impact in this model, make and model of your laptop, we decide to buy.
Battery life of portable computer has a major impact in this model.
Apart from boosting the risk of heart disorder and diabetes, now scientists have found out that obesity is linked to the development of dementia and cognitive decline in adults aged 60 to 70.
Obesity is linked to the development of dementia and cognitive decline.
The King of Pop is going to get the royal treatment when Glee pays tribute to Michael Jackson.
Glee pays tribute to Michael Jackson.
Brian Gionta scored twice in his 500th career game to guide the Montreal Canadiens to a 5-3 win over the Dallas Stars.
Brian Gionta scored twice in his 500th game.
Sarah Jessica Parker is scared for the safety of the surrogate carrying her twin girls.
Sarah Jessica Parker is scared for the safety of the surrogate.
YuMe, a provider of digital brand advertising software and services, has acquired Crowd Science, an audience targeting technology company.
YuMe has acquired Crowd Science.
AT\u0026T Inc., the largest telecommunications company in the United States, said Friday it is moving its corporate headquarters to Dallas from San Antonio for easier access to customers and operations around the world.
AT\u0026T Inc. is moving its corporate headquarters to Dallas from San Antonio.
There are two phrases that you'd never hear in sports bars or in commentary.
There are two phrases you 'd never hear in sports bars.
SUSS MicroTec, a leading supplier of equipment and process solutions for the semiconductor industry, has received orders for multiple 300mm lithography systems from Amkor Technology Inc., an industry leading supplier of innovative packaging solutions.
SUSS MicroTec has received orders for 300mm lithography systems.
Boston teens blame Rihanna for being a victim of domestic violence.
Teens blame Rihanna.
MIDDLETOWN \u003e\u003e A city man is facing assault and strangulation charges following a domestic incident Sunday night.
MIDDLETOWN A man is facing assault and strangulation charges.
Today, on Mad Money, Google CEO Eric Schmidt said Google will absolutely not sell an ad on the homepage.
Google will absolutely not sell an ad on the homepage.
Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero has confirmed he is returning to Britain to continue his recovery from a knee injury.
Sergio Aguero is returning to Britain.
After returning to Pakistan following his bridge-building England trip, Pakistan Cricket Board Chairman Ijaz Butt has issued a statement saying that the cricket world 'is reeling from a storm of allegations and rumours.
The cricket world is reeling from a storm of allegations and rumours.
AN ELDERLY woman was pushed to the floor, threatened with a knife and had her hands tied behind her back after two men tricked her into letting them inside her home.
AN ELDERLY woman was pushed, threatened with a knife.
One in three student loans have still not been processed weeks before the start of the academic year.
One in three student loans have not been processed.
Many state and local government offices and operations will be closed for Easter.
State and local government offices will be closed for Easter.
A flash flood watch has been issued for southeast Minnesota and portions of Iowa and southwest Wisconsin with heavy rain expected to fall overnight in the region.
A flash flood watch has been issued.
A Saudi woman journalist has been sentenced to 60 lashes for her involvement in the LBC TV program ``Bold Red Line'' in which a Saudi man described his extra-marital sex life.
A Saudi woman journalist has been sentenced to 60 lashes.
Monica Bellucci - who has five-year-old daughter Deva with husband Vincent Cassel - gave birth to the couple's second child, Leonie, on Friday.
Monica Bellucci gave birth.
A West Hartford doctor prescribed more than 1,900 muscle-relaxing pills to a 35-year-old city woman in a period of only two months, according to court documents.
A doctor prescribed more than 1,900 pills.
Melbourne Storm prop Antonio Kaufusi who is off to join the Cowboys.
Antonio Kaufusi is to join the Cowboys.
Just in time for the holidays, UNIVERSAL MUSIC GROUP/NASHVILLE has opened the GIVE COUNTRY, GET COUNTRY holiday store for fans to get exclusive deals on their favorite UMG/NASHVILLE artist's new releases and holiday catalog.
UNIVERSAL MUSIC GROUP NASHVILLE has opened the GIVE COUNTRY, GET COUNTRY holiday store.
Cleveland Indians second baseman Asdrubal Cabrera had the 14th unassisted triple play in major league history Monday against Toronto.
Asdrubal Cabrera had the unassisted triple play.
A flood watch in effect from Thursday afternoon through Friday morning for Coshocton, Muskingum and Guernsey counties, according to the National Weather Service in Pittsburgh.
A flood watch in effect from Thursday afternoon through Friday morning for Coshocton.
Food price inflation has slowed to its lowest level in almost three years as retailers lure in cash-strapped shoppers with promotions and vouchers.
Food price inflation has slowed.
For the first time since their split, Marc Anthony spoke to the press and denied any such nonsense, declaring that he still loved Jennifer Lopez.
Marc Anthony still loved Jennifer Lopez.
As we walked out of one showroom after a spiel from a salesman exhorting me to ``invest'' $20K into a car, Elliott said, ``Always remember: a car is an expense, not an asset.''
A car is an expense, not an asset.
Floyd Mayweather and Shantel Jackson are expecting a child, claims a new report.
Floyd Mayweather and Shantel Jackson are expecting a child.
Earlier this week online fashion superstore Zando was launched in South Africa at The Orphanage Cocktail Emporium, Cape Town.
Online fashion superstore Zando was launched.
New Delhi, Aug 25 As part of its commitment to discourage use of tobacco, the Government is keen to see that tobacco growers in the country take to alternative farming, Commerce Minister Anand Sharma said in Rajya Sabha today.
Tobacco growers take to alternative farming.
A UP minister and his security guard were fined for travelling without a valid ticket in a Shatabadi Express train here.
A UP minister were fined for travelling without a ticket.
A federal judge in Benton, Ill., has ordered a former NBA player from Southern Illinois to pay nearly $1 million in back child support.
A judge has ordered a former NBA player from Southern Illinois to pay nearly $ 1 million in child support.
Surrey batsman Jason Roy will spend the winter in Australia developing his game at the Darren Lehmann Cricket Academy.
Jason Roy will spend the winter in Australia.
Car sharing marketplace RelayRides has acquired car sharing platform Wheelz.
RelayRides has acquired Wheelz.
Alan Wiley could yet sue Sir Alex Ferguson for defamation after the referee union revealed it would discuss possible legal action against the Manchester United manager following comments that earned him a two-match touchline ban.
Alan Wiley could sue Alex Ferguson for defamation.
Auburn held its first scrimmage of the spring Saturday at Jordan-Hare Stadium.
Auburn held its first scrimmage.
3/9/2010-Vodafone Group, the world's largest mobile operator, announced Tuesday that it will cut 375 jobs in the UK, as part of its efforts to lower costs.
3/9/2010-Vodafone Group will cut 375 jobs.
Rueben and VonEmma Wagner celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary on March 6, 2010, in Kauai, Hawaii.Rueben and VonEmma met in Scottsbluff, Neb., while still in high school.
Rueben celebrated their 50th anniversary.
Lok Sabha Speaker Somnath Chatterjee, who was expelled from CPI for refusing to quit on the nuclear deal issue, today suggested that party General Secretary Prakash Karat should consider quitting the post taking responsibility for the party's dismal showing in the elections.
Prakash Karat should consider quitting.
A 48-year-old Murrieta man accused of molesting his underage daughters for years was charged today with committing lewd acts on a child and other felony and misdemeanor counts.
A Murrieta man accused of molesting his daughters for years was charged today.
The same Cleveland judge who made a woman wear an ``idiot'' sign in public for driving around a school bus is calling for the public shaming of a man convicted of threatening police officers.
The Cleveland judge is calling for the public shaming.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-il had a second stroke late last month, according to reports in Japan.
Kim Jong-il had a second stroke.
Croatia called off a state of energy emergency Tuesday after Russia restarted gas deliveries to the Balkan country via Ukraine.
Croatia called off a state of energy emergency.
A judge is expected to consider two psychologists' reports today that will help determine whether a convicted child killer is mentally fit to stand trial on charges of murdering a 10-year-old Beaumont boy.
A judge is expected to consider two psychologists ' reports that will help determine a convicted child killer is mentally fit to stand trial.
Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice will endorse former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney Wednesday night, a source close to the Republican's presidential campaign confirmed to the Fix.
Condoleezza Rice will endorse Mitt Romney.
Coyotes GM Don Maloney announced the team has recalled D Michael Stone and F Matt Watkins from Portland of the AHL.
Coyotes Don Maloney announced the team has recalled Michael Stone and Matt Watkins from Portland.
Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan joined popular photo sharing website Instagram this week, The Indian Express reported.
Amitabh Bachchan joined Instagram.
A Los Angeles jury has ordered Boeing Co. to pay $370 million over a contract dispute with a communications company headed by cellular phone pioneer Craig McCaw.
A jury has ordered Boeing Co. to pay $ 370 million over a contract dispute.
A Franklin Pierce University student has died of bacterial meningitis in a Massachusetts hospital.
A Franklin Pierce University student has died of meningitis.
Advanced Life Sciences Holdings, a biopharmaceutical company engaged in the discovery, development and commercialization of novel drugs in the therapeutic areas of infection, oncology and respiratory diseases, announced that Dawson James Securities, has initiated analyst research coverage of Advanced Life Sciences.
Advanced Life Sciences Holdings announced Dawson James Securities, has initiated research coverage.
SA rand weakened against the dollar for a third day on speculation reports due this week may show the nation's first recession in 17 years will be prolonged as a global economic slump persists.
SA rand weakened against the dollar.
There's going to be a interesting match in the NHL tonight, so make sure you watch Nashville Predators vs Atlanta Thrashers live stream online if you want to see a interesting match!
You watch Nashville Predators vs Atlanta Thrashers live stream online.
Darling International Inc. today announced that it has completed its acquisition of certain rendering, grease collection and trap servicing business from Sanimax USA Inc. The acquisition includes all of Sanimax's rendering, grease collection and trap servicing business in the States of Indiana and Ohio , including facilities located in Kendallville, Indiana and Cleveland, Ohio .
Darling International Inc. today announced it has completed its acquisition of rendering, grease collection and business.
A recent survey says women nearing 60s should avoid red colour.
Women nearing 60s should avoid red colour.
A 12-year-old boy is recovering Saturday after being hit by a car in Allegany County.
A boy is recovering after being hit by a car.
Syrian forces fired live ammunition at protesters coming out of a main mosque after Friday prayers in the besieged city of Deir al-Zor, witnesses said, as demonstrations against President Bashar al-Assad resumed elsewhere in the country.
Syrian forces fired at protesters coming after Friday prayers.
Amritsar, Dec 8 African nations today invited Indian investors, saying that there are immense opportunities in mining, energy, agriculture and infrastructure sectors.
Amritsar, 8 African nations today invited Indian investors.
The science of avian collisions with wind turbines continues to demonstrate, despite the concerns of some conservation groups, that the threat to birds from wind turbines is modest compared with other human structures and activities.
The threat to birds from wind turbines is modest compared with other human structures and activities.
Entergy Corp. restarted its Indian Point 3 reactor in New York and has ramped up the unit to full capacity.
Entergy Corp. restarted its Indian Point 3 reactor in New York.
Hispanic students who came to Florida as teenagers are asking lawmakers for instate college tuition.
Hispanic students are asking lawmakers for instate tuition.
RICHMOND, Calif. - Richmond police are increasing patrols after three home invasion robberies in consecutive nights.
Richmond police are increasing patrols after three robberies.
Tropical Storm Nicole is causing havoc along America's east coast with New York the latest city to receive a battering.
Tropical Storm Nicole is causing havoc.
Vivek Oberoi, who's often been bogged with controversies and stories of rivalry with other stars in the film industry, is presently on a high thanks to his coming marriage with Priyanka Alva, daughter of a Janata Dal leader, Dr Jeevaraj Alva, in October this year.
Vivek Oberoi, who's been bogged, is on a high thanks.
Two suspected SIMI activists have been arrested for allegedly holding a camp meeting of the banned outfit at Panayikkulam near Aluva here in 2006.
Two suspected SIMI activists have been arrested.
``Clearly, the amount of crack he ingested can kill a person,'' Deputy Chief Dave Ernest said.
Clearly, the amount of crack he ingested can kill a person.
Aurobindo Pharma said that it received final approval from US FDA for Lamotrigine tablets of 5 mg and 25 mg strengths.
Aurobindo Pharma received final approval from US FDA for Lamotrigine tablets.
Bradley Wiggins has admitted that Chris Froome would be a major rival on the Tour de France if the fellow Brit raced for a different team.
Bradley Wiggins has admitted Chris Froome would be a rival.
Prince William arrives at London's Westminster Abbey for the royal wedding.
Prince William arrives at London's Westminster Abbey.
A drunk US father allowed his 8 year-old son to drive his pickup truck on a highway during the weekend while he slept, until patrol officers pulled over the boy, police said.
A drunk US father allowed his 8 year old son to drive his truck.
An international coalition launched its first strikes on Libya on Saturday to destroy the country's air and missile defense systems and prevent attacks by the Libyan government against civilians, including those in the rebel-held city of Benghazi.
An international coalition launched its strikes on Libya.
Smith County firefighters are battling a large blaze to save multiple houses on County Road 370.
Smith County firefighters are battling a blaze to save houses.
A senior Myanmar diplomat has defected to the US, warning that oppression is rising in his homeland despite elections touted by the dominant military as a transition to democracy.
A Myanmar diplomat has defected, warning oppression is rising.
Adobe has released its second critical patch in a week for Flash to cover six vulnerabilities.
Adobe has released its second patch in a week for Flash.
Tokyo, Japan, February 4, 2010 th ACCESS CO., LTD., a global provider of advanced software technologies to the mobile, beyond-PC and digital TV markets, today announced that it has become a supporter of HbbTV, a major pan-European initiative aimed at harmonizing the broadcast and broadband delivery of news, information and entertainment to consumers through connected TVs and set-top boxes.
ACCESS CO., LTD. has become a supporter of HbbTV, a initiative.
Vic and Jeanette Miller, Defiance, are celebrating their 50th anniversary.
Vic are celebrating their 50th anniversary.
Carles Puyol could leave Barcelona unless he is given a settled role in the team and is not over-looked for crucial games like last season, his agent has warned.
Carles Puyol could leave Barcelona, his agent has warned.
China Thursday promised $20 billion in credit to Africa as President Hu Jintao called for closer ties and increased trade with the African nations.
China Thursday promised $ 20 billion in credit to Africa.
India is planning to extend visa on arrivals to citizens of 16 more countries, including Germany, France, Russia, Brazil and Malaysia.
India is planning to extend visa on arrivals to citizens of 16 more countries.
FRANK Lampard scored a late penalty to give Chelsea a 2-1 win over last-place Portsmouth that restored their three-point lead at the top of the Premier League.
FRANK Lampard scored a penalty to give Chelsea a 2 1 win over Portsmouth.
POSCO, the world's largest steelmaker, said Tuesday it has completed its first steel plant in India.
POSCO has completed its first steel plant in India.
Mazda has introduced a new sporty Takuya special edition range for the Summer featuring evocative styling and high-levels of standard equipment representing excellent value for money to customers.
Mazda has introduced a Takuya range for the Summer.
A North Troy man was charged with home improvement fraud after allegedly taking a $2,600 down payment on a project that has gone unfinished.
A man was charged with home improvement fraud.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has approved three companies to operate as market makers in the Nigeria's capital market.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has approved three companies to operate as makers in the Nigeria's market.
The Masterworks Chorale at Shepherd University will hold auditions for `Carmina Burana.
The Masterworks Chorale will hold auditions.
Toomer apologized on Thursday, sending an email out to some reporters for his Gestapo comment.
Toomer apologized, sending for his Gestapo comment.
McDonalds restaurant tries fine dining Updated: 07:30, Thursday February 7, 2013 A New South Wales McDonalds outlet near Wollongong is trying to convince customers to drop in for some fine dining.
McDonalds restaurant tries fine dining, is trying.
A former governor dies from complications related to Parkinson's disease years after campaigning for legal assisted suicide in Washington State.
A former governor dies.
A Farmington man has pleaded not guilty in district court to raping and sexually abusing a 7-year-old girl.
A Farmington man has pleaded not guilty to raping.
Johannesburg - World football governing body FIFA announced Monday that Ravshan Irmatov will referee the World Cup semi-final between Uruguay and the Netherlands on Tuesday, with Viktor Kassai in charge of the semi-final between Germany and Spain the following day.
FIFA announced Ravshan Irmatov will referee the World Cup semi-final.
The NFL and college football jerseys of the late John Small, of Augusta, were stolen in a residential burglary, Richmond County sheriff's investigators said Friday, and police are asking the public's help in locating them.
The jerseys of the late John Small were stolen.
2013-01-29T00:05:00Z 2013-01-29T12:17:40Z Most projects in $100 million bonding bill draw supportBy CHARLES S. JOHNSON IR State Bureau Helena Independent Record There was widespread support Monday for all but one of the nine proposed state building projects that would be funded by the state issuing nearly $100 million in bonds.
Most projects in $ 100 million bonding bill draw There was support.
Civil liberty advocates said the new law in Ohio that gives police leeway to force a blood or urine test on certain drivers suspected of driving under the influence is unconstitutional.
Civil liberty advocates said the new law in Ohio is unconstitutional.
Today saw a great game in the 2010 World Cup, and you should definitely watch Ivory Coast v Portugal highlights online if you want to see a good match!
Ivory Coast Portugal highlights.
After having done it on Sunday, shortly after the final, in which Angola beat Senegal by 62-54, the Head of State renewed congratulations to the African champions for the title, considering ``the promising youngsters have shown courage, tenacity and ability to overcome all odds''.
The Head of State renewed congratulations to the African champions.
Zimbabwe police opened fire and injured three farm workers who had accompanied their principal to check on his Stockdale Citrus Estate farm in Chegutu.
Zimbabwe police opened fire and injured three farm workers.
President Bush has signed an energy bill into law which is aimed at reducing US dependence on foreign oil.
Bush has signed an energy bill into law.
Miami Heat center Jamaal Magloire and Detroit's Jonas Jerebko have been suspended by the NBA for their altercation in a preseason game.
Jamaal Magloire have been suspended for their altercation.
Internet search titan Google, technology giant Apple and software firm Microsoft are among the most discussed technology brands in India, dominating most of the online conversations, a latest survey has found.
Google, Apple firm Microsoft are among the most discussed brands.
DREAMS have come true this summer for four Stourbridge dancers who have been picked to perform with the English Youth Ballet.
DREAMS have come true for four dancers.
Josh Beckett will throw off a mound Monday in Fenway Park, Red Sox manager Terry Francona said, one week after the Red Sox right-hander sprained his right ankle in Toronto.
Josh Beckett will throw off a mound Monday.
Tasmanian small business owners and leaders have called for a government review of penalty rates which they say are crippling the retail and hospitality sectors.
Business owners have called for a review of penalty rates.
John Cook of the United States took a one-stroke lead in the Senior British Open on Saturday, shooting a 4-under 67 to capitalize on Bruce Vaughan's midround collapse.
John Cook took a lead in the Senior British Open.
The League of Women Voters of South Carolina is holding its biennial convention Saturday and Sunday.
The League of Women Voters is holding its convention.
HP today quickly dropped its planned lawsuit against Mark Hurd for joining Oracle.
HP today dropped its lawsuit against Mark Hurd for joining Oracle.
More military reinforcements reached Swat on Wednesday morning as the ongoing operation against militants intensified in the valley, sources said.
Military reinforcements reached Swat.
An associate of former NBA player Manute Bol says Bol has died at a Virginia hospital, where he was being treated for severe kidney trouble and a painful skin condition.
Bol has died at a Virginia hospital, he was being treated.
Asda has introduced onsite fitness classes in response to employee suggestions about how the retailer can help them lead healthier lifestyles.
Asda has introduced onsite fitness classes.
Barroco, a Colombian and Latin American restaurant with another location is in Lakewood, recently opened a small cafe on W. 6th Street to bring its signature Latin American street food to the Warehouse District.
Barroco, is, opened a cafe to bring its Latin American street food to the Warehouse District.
Chrysler is getting $300 million less from the Treasury Department in debtor-in-possession financing for its stay in bankruptcy protection, according to Reuters.
Chrysler is getting $ 300 million less from the Treasury Department.
Ecuador on Monday broke off diplomatic ties with Colombia and Venezuela says it will expel Colombia's ambassador after that country conducted a strike against leftist rebels inside Ecuador.
Ecuador broke off diplomatic ties with Colombia.
Scientists have discovered a new mammal in the Caribbean.
Scientists have discovered a new mammal.
Russia must vote for Vladimir Putin in presidential elections as it needs a ``Tsar'' and not a manager as Head of State, the head of a powerful Russian region said in comments reported Wednesday.
Russia must vote for Vladimir Putin in presidential elections.
Ford is taking aim at Lexus with a new Lincoln luxury sedan that goes on sale this fall.
Ford is taking aim at Lexus with a new Lincoln sedan.
PALM SPRINGS, Calif. Two men were arrested in Palm Springs Tuesday, accused of sexually assaulting an unconscious woman.
Two men were arrested, accused of sexually assaulting an unconscious woman.
IT research and development firm MindTree has acquired over 14% in Aztecsoft through market purchase transaction route for Rs52.75 crore, ahead of its open offer for acquiring 20% stake.
MindTree has acquired over 14% in Aztecsoft.
A Riverside Elementary School teacher accused of shooting her estranged husband has been released on bail.
A teacher has been released on bail.
Philips Healthcare has received a warning letter from federal regulators stating that the company's Highland Heights division has not adequately fixed a list of 16 procedural violations identified during an inspection that took place during the second half of 2010.
Philips Healthcare has received a warning letter from federal regulators.
Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd unveiled a financial reform plan Monday that aims to strengthen regulation and increase the role of the Federal Reserve.
Chairman Christopher Dodd unveiled a financial reform plan.
Honda Motor Co. Ltd. announced on Friday that it will recall 1.5 million cars and small SUVs in the United States to repair software that controls the automatic transmission.
Honda Motor Co. Ltd. will recall 1.5 million cars.
A man pleaded guilty today to killing a 19-month old child in Lawrence Park last December.
A man pleaded guilty to killing a child.
HFF announced today that it has arranged an $85 million refinancing for The Houstonian Hotel , Club \u0026 Spa , an 18.34-acre urban resort in Houston, Texas .
HFF has arranged an $ 85 million refinancing for The Houstonian Hotel, Club \u0026 Spa an resort in Houston, Texas.
PJ's Bar-BQ has officially opened its doors.
PJ's Bar-BQ has opened.
Peshawar, Feb 4 Mortar shells apparently fired by security forces in Afghanistan landed in Pakistan''s northwestern tribal region today though there were no reports of casualties, officials said.
Mortar shells fired by security forces landed in Pakistan.
NELSON has the lowest house prices in the United Kingdom for key public sector workers, according to new figures from the Halifax.
NELSON has the lowest house prices in the United Kingdom for public sector workers.
With the Golden League operating under National League rules this season, managers all across the board are feeling like rookies again.
Managers are feeling like rookies again.
Mumbai, Dec 1 The top brass of Mumbai police overlooked the standard operating drill during 26/11 attack, the Ram Pradhan probe said, adding there was also ``total confusion'' in the Maharashtra government in processing of Central intelligence alerts of possible strikes in this City.
Mumbai, The brass of police overlooked the standard drill during 26/11 attack.
The Chinese central bank raised its interest rates for the third time this year on Wednesday amid high inflationary pressures.
The Chinese bank raised its interest rates for the third time this year.
The Department of Business at Misericordia University recently hosted regional business executives for a series of lectures and presentations on campus.
The Department of Business at Misericordia University hosted executives.
Three mobile broadband deals are the most popular mobile broadband deals in UK that are known for providing complete satisfaction to the users.
Three mobile broadband deals are.
An Arizona boy has died of complications from the flu, but health officials said Wednesday that it's not a sign of an early or particularly severe season.
An Arizona boy has died of complications from the flu.
Police report that the pilot in a small plane crash on Cape Cod has died.
The pilot in a small plane crash has died.
Windsor tells opposition to 'put up' Updated: 04:27, Tuesday May 1, 2012 Independent MP Tony Windsor says the Opposition Leader's claims he has no confidence in the government should be tested in parliament.
Windsor tells opposition to put up.
Police in Connecticut said an unmanned, runaway excavator demolished a shed, knocked over trees, flattened a pop-up camper and smashed into a house.
An runaway excavator demolished a shed flattened a camper and smashed into a house.
Patricia Arquette has filed for divorce, putting an end to her two-year marriage to ``The Punisher'' star Thomas Jane.
Patricia Arquette has filed for divorce.
The council tax rise in Northamptonshire could remain the lowest in the country if councillors approve draft budget plans put before them this afternoon.
The council tax rise could remain the lowest in the country.
Malaysian Minister for International Trade and Industry Mohd Yassin has assured Bangladesh of his government' s all possible cooperation regarding visas of 55,000 Bangladeshi workers.
Malaysian Minister has assured Bangladesh s all cooperation.
POMONA, Calif. Melanie Troxel had a 4.105-second pass Friday in hot conditions to take the provisional Funny Car pole in the Auto Club NHRA Finals, the sixth and final race in the Countdown to 1 playoffs.
Melanie Troxel had to take the provisional Funny Car pole.
Republican Attorney General Bill McCollum plans to announce Monday that he's running for governor instead of seeking a second term, a political source close to McCollum said Thursday.
Bill McCollum's running for governor.
The Rolling Stones founding member Brian Jones had reportedly slept with 64 girls in 19 days when they toured the US in 1964.
The Rolling Stones member Brian Jones had slept with 64 girls in 19 days.
Bobbi Kristina is set to star in a reality show about her family, and although her father Bobby Brown knows the constant camera on the family can be pressurising, he has no doubt his daughter can handle the spotlight.
His daughter can handle the spotlight.
United Airlines said Monday it promoted a veteran executive to the new position of senior vice-president for corporate strategy and business development.
United Airlines said it promoted a executive.
In a pre-recorded message, aired on the deputy PM's weekly phone-in show, the Tory Mayor said: ``Hi Nick, it's Boris from Islington. I just want to ask: When are you going to get all those Government ministers out of their posh limos?''
Nick, it's Boris from Islington.
Three adults and a juvenile have been charged in a baseball bat attack that left two teenagers hospitalized.
Three adults have been charged in a baseball bat attack.
Actress Shin Se Kyung discussed her friendship with members of Girls' Generation on June 9th's broadcast of KBS2's 'Entertainment Relay'.
Shin Se Kyung discussed her friendship with members of Girls ' Generation.
Hart Energy announced today two executive promotions as an initial step in the further expansion of its research and consulting group.
Hart Energy announced two executive promotions.
Azerbaijan has a big desire in the alternative energy sphere, and Europe has ample opportunities in this sphere.
Azerbaijan has a big desire in the alternative energy sphere.
American Eagle Outfitters Inc, known for its mall-based apparel chain geared to teens, said on Thursday it was setting its sights on an even younger market, launching a new children's brand called 77kids by american eagle.
American Eagle Outfitters Inc was setting, launching a new children's brand.
Michael Owen scored his seventh English Premier League football goal of the season on Sunday to help Newcastle beat Portsmouth 3-0 and lift it out of the relegation zone.
Newcastle beat Portsmouth 3.
President Mahmoud Abbas arrived in Japan on Thursday for the first leg of an international tour.
Mahmoud Abbas arrived in Japan for the first leg of an international tour.
Starz has renewed its Spartacus series for a third season ahead of the premiere of season two, Spartacus:
Starz has renewed its series for a third season, Spartacus.
Australia forward Dario Vidosic is aware that head coach Pim Verbeek knows what is best when selecting the final 23 players to represent the nation at the World Cup.
Pim Verbeek knows what is best.
Google has changed the tagline on its Palestinian edition from 'Palestinian territories' to 'Palestine,' thereby acknowledging the UN's decision to award the region non-member observer status, VoR Reported.
Google has changed the tagline on its Palestinian edition.
AOL is to cut 700 jobs or 10 percent of its workforce as the economic downturn reduces advertising income, the company announced Wednesday in an email to employees.
AOL is to cut 700 jobs.
THREE days after Denise 'Mini' Hodge of St. Pauls was stabbed in the chest, two sisters were charged with wounding her with intent to cause grievous bodily harm.
Two sisters were charged with wounding with intent.
Wake County emergency workers confirmed that a tornado touched down in southwest Raleigh.
A tornado touched down in southwest Raleigh.
Lebanese groups are to meet in Qatar on Friday for talks brokered by the Arab League aimed at restoring calm to the country after clashes between pro-government forces and the opposition.
Lebanese groups are to meet in Qatar.
In 2011, the Army will test and evaluate new ground combat systems built by a Boeing-led team as part of Brigade Combat Team Modernization Increment One.
The Army will test new ground combat systems.
Ecuadorean President Rafael Correa was re-elected to a third term in office on Sunday in a vote that showed the broad popularity of his government's social programs.
Ecuadorean President Rafael Correa was re-elected to a third term.
Concerns have been raised that the UK might struggle to meet its packaging recycling targets for 2008 following the sharp fall in demand for recovered materials, writes Caelia Quinault.
The UK might struggle to meet its packaging targets for 2008.
The Yankees announced new titles for members of the Steinbrenner family on Thursday, modifying the structure of the club's ownership going forward.
The Yankees announced new titles.
FITNESS First hopes to sell 24 out of its 97 Australian clubs following a major restructure of its parent company in the UK.
FITNESS First hopes to sell 24 out of its 97 Australian clubs following a restructure.
Buses will replace trains on the Western Line this Sunday to allow pre-Rugby World Cup 2011 tidy up activities on the rail network.
Buses will replace trains on the Western Line this Sunday.
``I will fight to prove my innocence until the end, no matter how long it takes,'' Contador said.
I will fight to prove my innocence Contador said.
BiGDUG, one of the UK's leading suppliers of high quality storage and shelving products, have announced a new range of wall rack storage units available to buy through their website.
BiGDUG have announced a new range of wall rack storage units.
Mitt Romney is set to clinch the Republican presidential nomination with a win in the Texas primary, a triumph of endurance for a candidate who came up short four years ago and had to fight hard this year as voters flirted with a carousel of GOP rivals.
Mitt Romney is set to clinch the Republican presidential nomination.
Multiple shots fired into a home on Grand Rapids' southwest side.
Multiple shots fired into a home.
The New Zealand dollar declined as commodity prices fell and weaker US stock prices prompted investors to spurn higher-yielding currencies.
The New Zealand dollar declined as commodity prices fell and US stock prices prompted.
Retail stocks were mixed Friday after revised government data on the US economy showed weaker consumer spending and a major winter storm in the Northeast may further hurt traffic and sales as retailers are about to close their registers for the month.
Retail stocks were mixed.
An Alabama man has been arrested here for identity theft and forgery of documents in an attempt to get a driver's license.
An Alabama man has been arrested for identity theft.
General Motors Corp. said yesterday it was recalling 944,000 vehicles because of a problem with a windshield wiper fluid system that could lead to a fire.
General Motors Corp. was recalling 944,000 vehicles.
New York State Governor Andrew Cuomo was in Buffalo today presenting his budget to WNY.
Andrew Cuomo was in Buffalo presenting his budget.
London, March 4 Italian designer Roberto Cavalli might face legal action as his licensing company Ittierre SpA has filed a lawsuit against him.
Roberto Cavalli might face legal action.
AirClic introduced an all-in-one ruggedized data capture device for mobile field workers to capture critical activities in the field easily and affordably.
AirClic introduced an data capture device for mobile field workers.
Physicists may have glimpsed a particle that is a leading candidate for mysterious dark matter but say conclusive evidence remains elusive.
That is a leading candidate for mysterious dark matter.
Citigroup is repaying $20 billion in bailout funds it received from the Treasury Department, in an effort to reduce government influence.
Citigroup is repaying $ billion in bailout funds.
FILM stars Daniel Craig and Rachel Weisz have married in secret after a whirlwind nine-month romance.
Stars Daniel Craig and Rachel Weisz have married in secret.
Apple has released Mac OS X 10.5.6 today and everyone running a Mac OS should go for the update.
Apple has released Mac OS X 10.5.6.
Italy-based coffee brand, Lavazza has opened its first coffee shop ``Lavazza Espression'' in India at Connaught Place, New Delhi.
Lavazza has opened its first coffee shop in India.
The Greek market closed at a historical low on Friday amidst concerns over the political uncertainty in Greece ahead of a repeat election that may not produce a clear winner or form a coalition government.
The Greek market closed at a historical low.
US Vice President Joe Biden arrived here on Monday afternoon, kicking off his visit to Ukraine, which is aimed to show Washington's continued support for the country's westward drive.
Joe Biden arrived, kicking off his visit to Ukraine.
A FEASIBILITY study into a high speed broadband service for Stow has been agreed by the town council.
A study into a broadband service has been agreed.
The draft military doctrine of Azerbaijan was sent to the parliament, member of the parliament's security and defense committee Zaid Oruj told APA.
The draft military doctrine of Azerbaijan was sent to the parliament.
A Japanese woman went on a stabbing rampage at a crowded train station wounding seven men after failing to slash her own wrist, police said Tuesday.
A Japanese woman went on a stabbing rampage.
Two 16-year-old girls were sexually assaulted in a home invasion in Picton early on Sunday morning, police say.
Two girls were sexually assaulted in a home invasion.
Carr meets world leader in US and Europe Updated: 13:44, Monday April 9, 2012 Foreign Minister Bob Carr will have his first meetings with the who's who of world leaders during a tour of the US and Europe.
Carr meets world leader in US and Europe Updated.
In his weekly media availability after Wednesday's practice, Oregon quarterback Darron Thomas said he's expecting to play Saturday at Colorado.
Oregon quarterback Darron Thomas said he's expecting to play Saturday at Colorado.
Travelzoo Inc., a global Internet media company, today surpassed 24 million subscribers worldwide.
Travelzoo Inc. today surpassed 24 million subscribers worldwide.
HOSPITAL chiefs have defended a recent recruitment drive in Portugal amid claims the new staff have taken jobs which Wycombe nurses thought would be theirs.
HOSPITAL chiefs have defended a recruitment drive in Portugal.
An infrastructure career expo offering 1,000 posts will be held from March 24 to 26, Secretary for Development Carrie Lam says.
An infrastructure career expo will be held.
Asian stocks were mostly higher Friday ahead of a critical US jobs report but China's market slipped after the country took fresh steps to slow lending and prevent its economy from overheating.
Asian stocks were mostly higher ahead of a US jobs report.
``According to surveys conducted in 2009, only 9% of SME registered in Armenia can export their products,'' Makaryan told a press conference on December 14.
Only 9% of SME registered in Armenia can export their products.
The Sunni Waqf Board says it will appeal in the Supreme Court against the Ayodhya verdict delivered today in Lucknow.
The Sunni Waqf Board will appeal in the Supreme Court.
ARGYLE boss Peter Ridsdale is suing under-fire tabloid the News of the World over hacking claims.
Peter Ridsdale is suing tabloid the News of the World over hacking claims.
ConAgra Foods Inc. said on Wednesday that it has sold the Knotts Berry Farm food brand to the JM Smucker Co.
ConAgra Foods Inc. has sold the Knotts Berry Farm brand.
Last week, DGH asked RIL to drill more wells in the D6 gas fields as part of the programme that includes spending on the fields for the current fiscal.
DGH asked RIL to drill more wells in the D6 fields.
The Freethinkers of Colorado Springs and Focus on the Family will co-sponsor a local debate titled Are We One Nation Under God? at 7 pm, Wednesday, April 23.
The Freethinkers of Colorado Springs and Focus on the Family will co-sponsor a local debate.
Congresswoman Michele Bachmann has hired former state Republican chairman Ron Carey to be her new chief of staff.
Michele Bachmann has hired former state Republican chairman Ron Carey to be her chief of staff.
A 59-year-old former bank employee has been charged with fraud over $5,000 and laundering the proceeds of crime after allegedly defrauding 31 senior citizens from across Canada of more than $205,000.
A bank employee has been charged with fraud.
The Holiday Inn on the Lane closed its doors for good on Monday afternoon, but it didn't happen without a little difficulty.
The Holiday Inn on the Lane closed its doors.
Solazyme face cream conference will be attended by the team at Free face cream Ltd. The news has received a number of comments on the forum that is attached to the site.
Solazyme face cream conference will be attended by the team at Free face cream Ltd..
There is growing speculation today that RTE economics editor George Lee is set to contest the Dublin South by-election for Fine Gael.
George Lee is set to contest by election for Fine Gael.
CBS News reports on Friday that a small plane crashed into a Florida parking lot this afternoon leaving all three people onboard dead.
A plane crashed into a Florida parking lot.
Prime Minister Mirko Cvetkovic called today on Egyptian businessmen to invest in Serbia and stressed that they should take advantage of the excellent political relations between the two countries to promote economic cooperation.
Mirko Cvetkovic called on Egyptian businessmen to invest in Serbia.
No. 15 Georgetown rallies for 62-55 win over Cincy The Bearcats got their largest crowd of the season rocking by overcoming a 12-point deficit against a team that was deep in foul trouble.
No. 15 Georgetown rallies for 62 55 win over Cincy The Bearcats got.
A LANDLORD has been ordered to repay rent to students who lived in his house.
A LANDLORD has been ordered to repay rent to students.
Two heartless teens shoved an octogenarian onto the train tracks in a Brooklyn subway station when he chased them for swiping his iPhone, police said.
Two teens shoved an octogenarian onto the train tracks in a Brooklyn subway station.
Within two weeks of Galion's change to a mayoral government, four Galion city employees resigned.
Four Galion city employees resigned.
LivingSocial is raising upwards of $400 million in new funding, according to a new regulatory filing.
LivingSocial is raising of $ 400 million.
Besides the success of efforts of having Speaker of the House of Representatives Agung Laksono maintain his position as president of the Asian Parliamentary Assembly, the Indonesian parliamentary delegation also proposed the setting up of an Asian monetary fund.
The Indonesian delegation proposed the setting of an Asian monetary fund.
Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei has endorsed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad for his second term in office.
Leader has endorsed Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
Fonterra says it will never know whether it was misled into believing that the Chinese Government knew of the contaminated-milk scandal last month.
Fonterra will never know it was misled.
Graham James' sentence is too short, said the brother of the disgraced junior hockey coach in a letter written to the Calgary Sun. Bernie Madoff, the former American businessman who pleaded guilty to a $65-billion Ponzi scheme ``is in jail for 150 years for stealing people's money. Graham stole much more than that from his victims, their childhoods, their lives, their dreams and just got a few years,'' Rusty James wrote.
Graham James ' sentence is too short, said the brother. Graham stole.
The Merle Haggard concert scheduled for tonight at the Town Toyota Center has been postponed.
The Merle Haggard concert has been postponed.
The town could go without a manager for the next month, unless selectmen decide to fill the position temporarily.
The town could go without a manager.
The US Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics released data Wednesday that shows Spokane workers earn 5% less than the national average.
Spokane workers earn 5% less than the national average.
The Australian share market has bounced back from Friday's losses, jumping 2 per cent in morning trade.
The Australian market has bounced back.
Gran Tierra Energy Inc., a company focused on oil and gas exploration and production in South America, announced today that it plans to release its financial and operating results the evening of Monday, August 8, 2011 and host its second quarter 2011 results conference call on Tuesday, August 9, 2011 at 8:00 am Mountain Time.
Gran Tierra Energy Inc. plans to release, August 8, 2011 and host its second quarter 2011 results conference call on Tuesday, August 9, at 8:00 am Mountain Time.
As many as 149 police offices that were damaged during insurgency in Mid-Western Development Region are yet to be reconstructed.
As many as 149 police offices are yet to be reconstructed.
Two laptops worth Rs. 71,000, belonging to belonging to Nishant Kumar Mehta, were reported stolen in a house break-in.
Two laptops worth Rs. 71,000 were reported stolen.
Chelsea defender David Luiz has accepted the apology of Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero, according to ESPN.
Chelsea defender David Luiz has accepted the apology of Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero.
It was 50 years ago, and I haven't forgotten that incident that helped form the core of my values.
That incident helped form the core of my values.
Scientists at the National Ignition Facility in Livermore are attempting to create an artificial sun on Earth an achievement that will provide answer to the worlds impending energy shortage.
Scientists are attempting to create an artificial sun on Earth.
April 18, 2013 In a symbolic move, Yemenis on Thursday began to dismantle protest tent camp in the capital, Sanaa, and other cities across the country, declaring the end of their revolution.
Yemenis began to dismantle tent camp, declaring the end of their revolution.
The DNA on backpacks can lead to the bomber and not the one on bomb fragments themselves, new research shows.
The DNA on backpacks can lead to the bomber.
Oil prices hovered near $71 a barrel on Wednesday in Asia after a weakening US dollar sent crude soaring overnight.
Oil prices hovered near $ 71 after a weakening US dollar.
Plain water is as much a beauty product as the expensive skin tonic you buy for your face, say experts.
Plain water is a beauty product.
Mad Men,`` a piercingly bleak portrait of a 1960s American anti-hero, earned a leading 17 Emmy nominations Thursday and the chance to set a new record as the most-honored drama in television history.
Mad Men earned a leading 17 Emmy nominations.
Chelsea fullback, Ashley Cole has revealed his ankle injury is so bad he struggles to walk sometimes.
Ashley Cole has revealed his injury is so bad.
A Belleville psychiatrist received a 30-month prison sentence Thursday after he admitted to defrauding Medicare of $1.755 million.
A Belleville psychiatrist received a sentence after he admitted to defrauding Medicare of $ 1.755 million.
MidFirst Bank has completed the final phase of acquisition and consolidation of Presidential Financial Corporation, an Atlanta-based senior lender providing growth capital to businesses and healthcare providers.
MidFirst Bank has completed the phase of acquisition of Presidential Financial Corporation.
Katy Perry and John Mayer were recently spotted getting cozy at a Rolling Stones concert in Newark, New Jersey.
Katy Perry and John Mayer were spotted getting cozy at a Rolling Stones concert.
A Buffalo man shot by a police officer after he pulled a gun and ran, is set to be sentenced.
A man shot by a officer, is set to be sentenced.
President Barack Obama pledged to bring change to Washington, but he is continuing one of the capital's most entrenched traditions: rewarding political supporters with ambassadorships.
Barack Obama pledged, but he is continuing : rewarding political supporters with ambassadorships.
North Korea appeared to have launched a rocket on Sunday, Japan's government said, although it was not immediately clear if it had launched the long-range version that the United States, Japan and South Korea have said would be a disguised missile test.
North Korea appeared to have launched a rocket.
The farmers have called upon the government for expediting jute purchase through the jute mills and the purchasing agencies of Bangladesh Jute Mills Corporation to ensure fair price of the fibre.
The farmers have called for expediting jute purchase to ensure fair price.
Jamaican sprinter Steve Mullings has been found guilty of a doping offence at a hearing looking into his positive test of a banned substance at the National Track and Field Championships in June.
Steve Mullings has been found guilty.
Pulsars like the one at the heart of the Crab Nebula can now be used to measure the mass of planets.
Pulsars can be used to measure the mass of planets.
Ken Russell has died aged 84 it is announced Monday Nov. 28, 2011.
Ken Russell has died aged 84.
Self-motivated authors are increasingly asking ``How do I publish an e-book?''
Authors are asking How do I publish an e-book.
A report in USA Today says penny slots have become the most popular form of betting during the recession.
Penny slots have become the most popular form of betting during the recession.
Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation announced today that its Board of Directors has declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.05 per share on its common stock.
Its Board has declared a quarterly cash dividend.
Workers renovating Maracana Stadium for the 2014 World Cup have ended a strike following a judge's ruling against them last week.
Workers renovating Maracana Stadium have ended a strike.
NEW ORLEANS ― The Hornets re-signed Sean marks, keeping some consistency to a front line that added Emeka Okafor earlier this summer.
― The Hornets re-signed Sean marks.
Urban coyotes are 100 percent monogamous, according to a new study, which shows that once the coyotes find their mate, they stay with each other until they pass away.
Urban coyotes are 100 percent monogamous, according to a study.
Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi will co-host the GOP presidential debate on Fox News this weekend, according to a press release distributed by the Republican Party of Florida this morning.
Pam Bondi will co-host the GOP presidential debate.
Nokia, the world's largest mobile phone maker, issued its second profit warning in three months yesterday blaming a ``sharp pull back'' in global consumer spending over the past few weeks.
Nokia issued its second profit warning.
A tanker truck overturned early this morning in South Baltimore, causing a hazardous materials situation.
A tanker truck overturned in South Baltimore.
Fortuna Dusseldorf have parted company with coach Norbert Meier following the Westphalian club's relegation to the second division.
Fortuna Dusseldorf have parted company with coach Norbert Meier following the Westphalian club's relegation.
AAA announces the launch of its new senior safety and mobility Web site, www.AAASeniors.com.
AAA announces the launch of its new senior safety and mobility Web site.
A concerned father last night said he feared a child could be killed unless Moray Council imposed a reduced speed limit outside his home.
A father feared a child could be killed.
A 39-year-old man died this week from meningococcal disease, according to the County Health and Human Services Agency.
A man died from meningococcal disease.
Governor Pat Quinn announced Tuesday the first investments from the state's new venture capital fund to support two Illinois start-up businesses.
Pat Quinn announced the first investments from the state's new venture capital fund.
Barnes \u0026 Noble said Tuesday it's putting itself up for sale.
Barnes \u0026 Noble said it's putting up for sale.
As per reports and information from our sources, ConocoPhillips fire personnel were battling a small blaze at the company's oil refinery in Wilmington on Sunday morning, according to security officers at the facility.No injuries were reported and there were no evacuations ordered, security officers said.
ConocoPhillips fire personnel were battling a small blaze at the company's oil refinery in Wilmington on Sunday morning, were reported.
Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi, Hema Malini, Smriti Irani and a host of others will campaign for the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party in Madhya Pradesh.
Narendra Modi will campaign in Madhya Pradesh.
Russia suspended all adoptions to US families today until the two countries can agree on procedures, the Foreign Ministry said.
Russia suspended all adoptions to US families.
Four persons have been arrested in the national capital for allegedly cheating people by running a racket for selling dummy cell phones, cameras and other electronic items.
Four persons have been arrested in the capital for cheating people.
Governor Paul Daza told reporters in an interview at his office here that more local and foreign tourists are now visiting Biri this summer to enjoy the beauty of the island.
More tourists are visiting Biri.
Walgreen will pay $6.7 billion in cash and stock to buy a stake in European health and beauty retailer Alliance Boots in the first international venture for the largest US drugstore chain.
Walgreen will pay to buy a stake in European retailer Alliance Boots.
Humanitarian aid Bulgaria sent to Ukraine to fight the flu epidemic is worth around EUR 18,000, Anton Kisse, president of the Association of Bulgarians in Ukraine, announced for FOCUS News Agency.
Humanitarian aid Bulgaria sent to Ukraine to fight the flu epidemic is worth around EUR 18,000.
AT\u0026T will launch the Samsung Galaxy Note in carbon blue and ceramic white beginning 19 February.
AT\u0026T will launch the Samsung Galaxy Note.
Fernandina Beach Commissioners have decided to buy a plot of land to stop a hotel from being built there.
Commissioners have decided to buy a plot of land to stop a hotel from being built.
Eight people were killed and seven injured after an iron ore mine collapsed in East China's Fujian province Friday afternoon, local authorities said Saturday.
Eight people were killed after an iron ore mine collapsed.
With Andhra Pradesh assembly polls scheduled in April, the TDP on Thursday released its draft manifesto, promising an ``innovative'' cash transfer scheme at the rate of Rs 1,000 to Rs 2,000 per month and free colour television sets for families living below the poverty line.
The TDP released its draft manifesto.
Britney Spears turns 31 on December 2.
Britney Spears turns 31.
ABC announces its summer schedule, with the return ``The Bachelorette'' on Monday, May 24; ``True Beauty'' on Monday, May 31; a special two-hour blind date-themed episode of ``Wipeout'' on Tuesday, June 1, before the premiere on Tuesday, June 22; ``Dating in the Dark'' on Monday, August 9, and ``Shaq VS'' on Tuesday, August 10.
ABC announces its summer schedule.
Due to renewed interest, the Friends of Edgemont volunteer group is re-forming in an effort to have a positive impact on the park and on the community in general.
The Friends of Edgemont volunteer group is re-forming.
EMI have been taken over by US bank Citigroup, reducing it's debts in the process.
EMI have been taken over by Citigroup.
The Australian government will mull increasing the mandatory contribution rate from the current level of 9%.
The Australian government will mull increasing the contribution rate.
RIO FERDINAND is playing through the pain barrier as he bids to help Manchester United land an historic European and domestic double.
RIO FERDINAND is playing through the pain barrier.
``I know many would like me to be one, but no, I'm not a lesbian. I like men a lot.''
I know but I 'm not a lesbian.
Drury University students will provide free tax preparation through an IRS Volunteer Income Tax Assistance site.
Drury University students will provide free tax preparation.
Tenesol, the global solar power provider, is bringing power to more than 163,000 people in Morocco for the first time.
Tenesol is bringing power to more than 163,000 people in Morocco.
Straight talking ex-cop Cam Stokes says gangs are here to stay.
Gangs are here to stay.
Deutsche Bank downgraded Time Warner Cable from Buy to Hold with a price target of $99.00 following Q4 results and outlook.
Deutsche Bank downgraded Time Warner Cable to Hold.
GREAT weather and eager riders combined to make the recent second annual chaplaincy bike ride an outstanding success.
The annual chaplaincy bike ride an success.
The Nation has won the award of ``The Best Newspaper in the Promotion of the Amnesty Programme,'' in Port Harcourt, the Rivers State capital.
The Nation has won the award.
TOOLS worth £5,500 have been stolen in a raid on a rural property near Winchester -- the second such burglary in a fortnight.
TOOLS have been stolen in a raid on a rural property.
(Stations: Please substitute the following for second item of V2059, slugged AP-Right Now, which moved at 4:24 pm Eastern time.
Stations : substitute the following for second item of V2059, slugged.
With online voting for the NBA All-Star Game ending Monday, Phoenix Suns' Amar'e Stoudemire makes one last push to get your vote.
Phoenix Suns ' Amar'e Stoudemire makes one last push to get your vote.
For the first time in the company's thirty-plus year history, Apple has overtaken Microsoft in market capital.
Apple has overtaken Microsoft.
Old hockey gear finds a new home up north, thanks to an initiative by Onoway Coun.
Old gear finds a new home up north.
CountryFest celebration kicks off Friday, Sept. 7, with the Teen Block Party from 8 to 11 pm The teen block party is for all youth in middle and high school.
CountryFest celebration kicks off Friday, Sept. 7.
The jury met at 8:45 am at the Asotin County Courthouse and began deliberating Hilton's fate a short time later.
The jury met and began deliberating Hilton's fate.
``I hope to be able to get the chance to say hello to Obama,'' Escudero said Tuesday.
I hope to be able to get the chance to say to Obama.
The Czech Republic and Slovakia have agreed to form a joint military unit of 1,500 soldiers, reports said Saturday in Prague-based newspapers.
The Czech Republic and Slovakia have agreed to form a joint military unit.
South Korea is to cut import tariffs on oil products to help ease inflationary pressure on consumers and companies, officials said Tuesday.
South Korea is to cut import tariffs on oil products.
EU diplomats in Baroness Ashton's new foreign service are earning up to £188,000 a year and entitled to up to 15 weeks holiday, according to an investigation.
EU diplomats are earning up and entitled to up to 15 weeks holiday.
Costa Khaiseb has been banned by coach Tom Saintfiet from the Brave Warriors for being drunk and assaulting him in public.
Costa Khaiseb has been banned.
Film-maker Roman Polanski was arrested in Switzerland on a 31-year-old US arrest warrant, the Zurich Film Festival said in a statement on Sunday.
Roman Polanski was arrested in Switzerland.
Acquity Group LLC, a leading global Brand eCommerce™ and digital marketing company, announced today that it has recently expanded its Seattle office to accommodate strong growth in the region.
Acquity Group LLC has expanded its Seattle office to accommodate growth.
The Department of Justice has filed a request asking the US Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan to block the outline of AMR's merger with US Airways, partly due to the $19.9M severance package that would be paid to outgoing AMR CEO Tom Horton.
The Department of Justice has filed a request asking the US Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan.
Tetra Tech Inc. has won a $119 million contract from the US government to help the local government in Afghanistan's capital deliver public services, the company said Tuesday.
Tetra Tech Inc. has won a $ 119 million contract.
NATO did not claim responsibility over the nuclear weapons installed in Turkey during the cold war against the Soviet threat.
NATO did not claim responsibility over the nuclear weapons.
Former Jharkhand Chief Minister Madhu Koda was today beaten up in jail, allegedly by prison officials.
Chief Minister Madhu Koda was today beaten up in jail.
Australia have called George Smith, Jesse Mogg and Ben Tapuai into camp ahead of the second Tom Richards Cup Test against the British \u0026 Irish Lions at Etihad Stadium in Melbourne on Saturday.
Australia have called George Smith.
A Paris court convicted the Church of Scientology of fraud and fined it more than euro 600,000 on Tuesday but stopped short of banning the group as prosecutors had demanded.
A Paris court convicted the Church of Scientology of fraud.
Cosatu has dropped its Equality Court complaint against Western Cape Premier Helen Zille, saying it recognises her commitment to gender equality.
Cosatu has dropped its complaint against Helen Zille.
Chelsea boss Rafael Benitez reopened his feud with Sir Alex Ferguson by accusing the Manchester United manager of snubbing his attempt to shake hands before the start of the FA Cup quarter-final at Old Trafford.
Rafael Benitez reopened his feud.
On Friday, the Indians signed the former Twins backup catcher to a major-league contract.
The Indians signed the backup catcher.
Exillon Energy has increased production by over 200% and plans to drill more than 20 wells in 2011.
Exillon Energy has increased and plans to drill more than 20 wells in 2011.
Brian Cowen has said he will continue with his job as Taoiseach and Fianna Fáil leader and will seek a dissolution of the Dáil after the current budgetary process is complete.
Brian Cowen will continue with his job as Taoiseach leader.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has spoken of his pride at having the rainbow flag soaring above his office in Whitehall and says: ``I look forward to one day seeing the rainbow flag fly over every government building and above parliaments across the world -- maybe Russia, Uganda or Yemen.''
Nick Clegg has spoken and says : I look forward to one day seeing the rainbow flag fly over every government building.
NEW YORK -HBO has renewed the raunchy, dark comedy series ``Eastbound \u0026 Down'' for a second season.
HBO has renewed the, series Eastbound \u0026 Down for a second season.
A 12-year-old boy has been charged with pointing a firearm after a girl said the boy shot her with an Air Soft gun during an altercation Jan. 25, police said.
A boy has been charged with pointing a firearm.
The euro and global stocks fell on Wednesday after ratings agency Fitch called on the European Central Bank to do more to solve the currency bloc's debt crisis, unnerving investors ahead of auctions for Spanish and Italian bonds later in the week.
The euro stocks fell.
QuEST Global, a leading provider of outsourced engineering services and manufacturing, will be participating in Aero India 2009 which will be held in Bangalore at the Air Force Station, Yelahanka from 11th to 15th February 2009.
QuEST Global will be participating in Aero India 2009.
A seven-hour-long district hartal called by the Opposition Left Democratic Front on Wednesday in protest against the alleged ``laxity'' in implementing a comprehensive rehabilitation and relief scheme for endosulfan victims and their families evoked mixed response.
A district hartal called evoked mixed response.
Lucas Oil Products, an industry leader in lubricants and fuel treatments, has been named a presenting sponsor of the Mac Tools US Nationals, the world's most prestigious drag race.
Lucas Oil Products has been named a presenting sponsor of the Mac Tools US Nationals.
Richmond has beaten Carlton by 31 points, with veteran Shane Richardson kicking five goals in the opening match of the AFL season.
Richmond has beaten Carlton.
Venezuela's President Hugo Chávez has signed the law to nationalize local steelmaker Sidor and set June 30 as the date for the handover, state news agency ABN reported.
Hugo Chávez has signed the law to nationalize Sidor.
``It is clear from the scenes we are witnessing in Tripoli that the end is near for Qadhafi.
The end is near for Qadhafi.
Shahbaz Taseer, son of later Governor Punjab Salmaan Taseer, was abducted from the Gulberg area of Lahore.
Shahbaz Taseer was abducted from the area of Lahore.
Cuba will expand its forest area by 2015 as part of a reforestation project of over 270 hectares which includes the planting of production and conservation species.
Cuba will expand its forest area by 2015.
Manchester United say they had no option but to take legal action against an anti-Glazer protester who they allege posted details of 400 of the club's corporate clients on the internet.
Manchester United had no option but to take legal action against an anti-Glazer protester.
Geneticists have revealed that Transposons or 'jumping genes', which create genomic instability and are implicated in cancer and other diseases, make up roughly half of the human genome.
Transposons or jumping genes make up roughly half of the human genome.
ZIMBABWE has made an impressive start on an economic recovery plan which warrants support from the international community, African Development Bank President Donald Kaberuka said on Thursday.
ZIMBABWE has made an impressive start.
The US senate has passed a food safety bill yesterday that will give the government new powers to increase inspections of food processing facilities and force companies to recall tainted food.The US$1.4bn bill, which passed with a vote of 73 to 25, will also mean stricter standards for imported foods.
The US senate has passed a food safety bill.
Al and Tipper Gore separate after 40 years of marriage.
Al and Tipper Gore separate.
Hits don't necessarily make an actor successful says Telugu star Aadi Pudipeddi, who with two back-to-back hits feels unsatisfied because he says he has a long way to go before he can bask in success.
Hits don't make an actor successful says.
Jessica Simpson should be looking forward to thearrival of her first child but it has been revealed that she is secretly terrified of being alone when she gives birth.
Jessica Simpson is terrified she gives birth.
Minister of State for Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution KV Thomas on Wednesday said the government had taken adequate steps to control spiralling food inflation.
The government had taken steps to control spiralling food inflation.
HBO took the bold move Tuesday of renewing ``Game of Thrones'' after airing just a single episode.
HBO took of renewing Game of Thrones.
Venezuela President Hugo Chavez get special parlimentary powers to pass a number of laws.
Hugo Chavez get special powers.
``Early Show resident chef Bobby Flay won the food fray Sunday night on Food Network's ''Iron Chef America.
Bobby Flay won the fray on Food Network's Iron Chef America.
The Parliament security detected a toy pistol that had been inadvertently brought into the premises on Wednesday in a car belomging to a civil contractor, indicating an improved level of scrutiny in view of terror alerts.
The Parliament security detected a toy pistol.
Oregon forests will receive $29 million in Recovery Act funds for facility infrastructure, energy efficiency upgrades and trail maintenance.
Oregon forests will receive $ 29 million.
German Vice Chancellor and Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle on Thursday said he expected the euro to remain stable, counting on a return of confidence after today's agreement on support for the financially troubled Greece.
German Vice Chancellor said he expected the euro to remain stable.
Kim Kardashian is reportedly ``terrified'' of gaining too much weight during her pregnancy as she has been craving sweet treats.
Kim Kardashian is terrified of gaining weight during her pregnancy.
The number of mortgage fraud reports among loans made last year grew 26 percent from a year earlier, says a study released Monday by the Mortgage Asset Research Institute.
The number of mortgage fraud reports grew 26 percent.
In a great rematch to their great 2004 fight, Manny Pacquaio beat Juan Manuel Marquez by split decision tonight in Las Vegas.
Manny Pacquaio beat Juan Manuel Marquez.
A Marine Corps scout sniper will be posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for combat heroism in a ceremony at Camp Pendleton Friday, base officials announced today.
A Marine Corps scout sniper will be posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for combat heroism.
Shillong, Jan 27 His boys struggling after a dream run in the recent Federation Cup, Lajong FC coach Stanley Rosario says too many matches have affected performance of the team.
Too many matches have affected performance.
LOS ANGELES - Sarah Jessica Parker says she's concerned for the safety and well-being of the surrogate through whom she and husband Matthew Broderick are expecting twins.
Sarah Jessica Parker's concerned for the safety and well-being of the surrogate.
Verizon posted a video on Tuesday that showed its Boston-area 4G LTE network running at 8.5M bps downstream.
Verizon showed its 4G LTE network running at 8.5M bps.
Ace actor Ashutosh Rana who has given sterling performances in films like Dushman, Sangharsh, Badal and Raaz would soon be appearing in a play whose first show would be held in Varanasi.
Ashutosh Rana would be appearing in a play.
After a romantic seventy-two days of marriage and an equally romantic five-hundred and thirty-six days of a raging divorce battle, Kim Kardashian and Kris Humphries have finally reached a divorce settlement.
Kim Kardashian and Kris Humphries have reached a divorce settlement.
AP Writer Hurricane Humberto crashed ashore along southeast Texas early today, bringing heavy rains and maximum sustained winds of up to 80 mph as it made its way to Louisiana, the National Weather Service said.
Hurricane Humberto crashed ashore along Texas.
Alaska Airlines released a proposed schedule Thursday of passenger flights heading out of Paine Field as part of the airline's preparations to operate as many as 49 passenger flights a week out of the Everett airport.
Alaska Airlines released a proposed schedule of flights heading out of Paine Field.
THE CANADIAN PRESS/ Paul Daly Actor Russell Crowe in St. John's, NL, to tape TV show, perform at concerts ST. JOHN'S, NL - Star watchers in St. John's, NL, are keeping an eye out for a Holywood actor who is no stranger to the city.
Russell Crowe in St. John, NL, to tape TV show, perform at concerts, are keeping.
Art Linkletter, who encouraged both kids and grownups to say the ``darndest things'' during his decades as a genial and but gently mischievious television personality, has died at age 97.
Art Linkletter has died at age 97.
The Royal Botanic Garden in Edinburgh has announced plans for a £40m revamp project, after receiving £1.5m from the Scottish government.
The Royal Botanic Garden has announced plans for a £ 40m revamp project.
The spooky antics of what is believed to be a 'ghostly power', troubling a young family in Britain has been caught on video.
The spooky antics, has been caught on video.
Carl Froch is adamant that he has four big fights left in him following his redemption victory over Mikkel Kessler on Saturday night.
Carl Froch has four fights left.
Boris Johnson is to stand down today as MP for Henley, triggering a by-election in the Oxfordshire constituency.
Boris Johnson is to stand down as MP.
The long awaited, ultra luxurious Atlanis, The Palm has officially opened in Dubai, and welcomed in its first guests last Friday.
The long awaited, Atlanis, The Palm has opened in Dubai.
You Me At Six recently stopped into a Florida mall Apple store to perform a special acoustic set for some of their fans.
You Me At Six stopped to perform a acoustic set.
PTI May 20, 2013, 08.55PM IST SistemaShyamTeleServices, which provides telecom services under the MTS brand, today said it is still in the customer acquisition mode in both voice and data segments.
It is still in the customer acquisition mode.
Mentors are needed in the greater community to avert a growing crisis of delinquency among youth.
Mentors are needed to avert a crisis.
A PROLIFIC thief who was spared jail just eight months ago has been caught in the act again.
A PROLIFIC thief has been caught again.
Amitabh Bachchan's much-awaited 'Paa', in which Big B plays a 13-year-old boy suffering from progeria that accelerates the ageing process, will release Friday in 20 countries with 700 prints, including digital.
Amitabh Bachchan's Paa will release in 20 countries with 700 prints.
World oil prices retreated in Asian trade Wednesday after topping a two-month high above 49 dollars overnight on concerns over weak global energy demand amid the economic downturn, analysts said.
Oil prices retreated in Asian trade.
ORLANDO, Fla. Sanford police say the lead detective in the Trayvon Martin case has been reassigned to the patrol division at his request.
The lead detective in the Trayvon Martin case has been reassigned.
May 12, 2013 North Korea has replaced it hardline defense chief with a little-known army general.
May 12, 2013 North Korea has replaced hardline defense chief.
Energy Secretary Steven Chu plans to visit Hanford in June to hold a town hall and other meetings to discuss safety issues with vitrification plant workers.
Steven Chu plans to visit Hanford in June.
Two men were arrested in connection with burglary and theft, Jackson County Sheriff Tim Morse said Sunday.
Two men were arrested in connection with burglary.
An Orange County deputy sheriff was arrested early Saturday in the Tampa area and charged with driving under the influence of alcohol, a jail booking report shows.
An Orange County deputy sheriff was arrested and charged with driving under the influence.
South Africa needs about ZAR 23bn to prevent the collapse of its wastewater treatment works, water and environmental affairs minister, Buyelwa Sonjica, told Engineering News.
South Africa needs about ZAR 23bn to prevent the collapse of its wastewater treatment works.
Former US Secretary of Health and Human Services Tommy Thompson joins Liazon as an advisor to further awareness of its innovative consumer-centric approach to small business employee benefits.
Former US Secretary of Health and Human Services Tommy Thompson joins Liazon as an advisor.
Jade Goody is a ''battler'' who will keep fighting to beat her spreading cancer, says her grandfather.
Jade Goody is a battler, says her grandfather.
The Blues announced their 2008 exhibition schedule on Wednesday.
The Blues announced their 2008 exhibition schedule.
Victoria Police are appealing for witnesses to what they say was a frenzied and malicious stabbing in Melbourne at the weekend.
Police are appealing for witnesses to they say was a frenzied stabbing.
She earned her Emmy for her film ``Blood Money: Switzerland's Nazi Gold,'' and has made films about Manhattan's Diamond Center and Russian mail-order brides.
She earned for her film, and has made.
By IANS, (RxPG) New Delhi, Sep 20 - Inspired by Florence Nightingale during her school days, she had wanted to become a nurse.
She had wanted to become a nurse.
French consumer price index or CPI rose 1.7% on an annual basis in April, faster than the 1.6% growth in the previous month, the statistical office INSEE said on Wednesday.
French consumer price index rose in April.
Gaston County Schools may have to find a new way to pay for summer school if the district's can't carry over money from this year into the new fiscal year.
Gaston County Schools may have to find a new way to pay for summer school.
An assistant track coach at a Greenville high school is facing sex charges involving a 13-year-old boy.
An assistant track coach at a Greenville school is facing sex charges.
What Preachers and Atheist have in common is that they can't hold a position in the Tennessee legislature.
Preachers and Atheist have in common is.
A 70-year-old woman was seriously injured after being hit by a vehicle in Clipsham yesterday.
A woman was seriously injured after being hit by a vehicle in Clipsham.
Despite some mixed data over the past couple of months, our view is that the global economic recovery remains on track, both in developed and emerging economies.
The global economic recovery remains on track.
Huge fire engulfs Qld shopping centre Updated: 18:33, Saturday November 10, 2012 Firefighters are battling a huge blaze that has destroyed three shopping outlets in north Queensland.
Huge fire engulfs Qld shopping centre.
Microsoft, the world's largest software maker, has seen profit and revenue plummet in the three months to the end of June, knocked by falling computer and server sales.
Microsoft has seen profit and revenue plummet.
We appreciate your patience as we work through some technical issues that will cause today's PDF e-edition of The Sentinel to be delayed.
That will cause today's e-edition to be delayed.
The NHS must shift the focus of resources to primary care as the recession impacts on budgets, according to the NHS Alliance.
The NHS must shift the focus to primary care as the recession impacts.
A man armed with what appeared to be a gun has robbed a pachinko prize exchange booth here of approximately 37 million yen in cash, police said.
A man has robbed a pachinko prize exchange booth of approximately 37 million yen.
Princeton locals were gearing up for game day Thursday, with electronics, snacks and party plans.
Locals were gearing up for game day.
Raphael drawing for $24m Updated: 05:44, Wednesday September 5, 2012 A major drawing by Italian Renaissance artist Raphael will go on sale in December with an estimated price between $16 million and $24 million, auction house Sotheby's told Reuters.
Raphael drawing for $ 24m Updated.
Today, amid operations on sick babies, I thought about how some of the smallest and weakest babies have the biggest problem.
I thought about some of the smallest babies have the biggest problem.
UTEK Corp said it has completed a technology transfer in a stock-for-stock transaction with Rim Semiconductor Co, a company that develops technology for telecommunications service providers.
UTEK Corp said it has completed a technology transfer with Rim Semiconductor Co.
Tropical Storm Nadine is back, like a nasty cold you just can't get rid of.
Nadine is back.
Alan Dowson is keeping his Kingstonian players in the dark about what they need to do to secure a Ryman Premier League play-off spot.
Alan Dowson is keeping his Kingstonian players in the dark.
News Corp. has agreed to form an external diversity council after meeting with civil rights groups about a New York Post cartoon that critics said likened President Obama to a chimpanzee shot by the police.
News Corp. has agreed to form an diversity council.
A CRPF head constable was found dead in a car in Sarojini Nagar area here, police said today.
A CRPF head constable was found dead.
Multiple Dove-Award winner Francesca Battistelli releases her Christmas record titled simply Christmas.
Francesca Battistelli releases her Christmas record.
US cable operator Comcast and modem manufacturer Zoom Telephonics have settled their dispute regarding the testing of Zoom's cable modems intended for sale to consumers at retail outlets and the ability of users to attach Zoom's modems to Comcast's network.
Comcast Zoom Telephonics have settled their dispute.
VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA First Quantum Minerals Ltd. will pay a final dividend of Cdn $0.54 per share in respect of the financial year ended December 31, 2007.
First Quantum Minerals Ltd. will pay a dividend of Cdn $ 0.54 per share ended.
A winter weather advisory has been issued for Tippecanoe County and most of North Central Indiana ahead of a storm moving into the region tonight.
A winter weather advisory has been issued.
Resorts Casino Hotel and Flower Power Concerts, INC. will present HIPPIEFEST on Saturday, August 7 in the Superstar Theater.
Resorts Casino Hotel, INC. will present HIPPIEFEST on Saturday, August 7.
Management and technology consultancy BearingPoint has declared Chapter 11 bankruptcy for its US operations, CEO Ed Harbach announced Wednesday.
BearingPoint has declared Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
International tourist arrivals are set to pass the 1bn mark this year, according to the UN World Tourism Organisation.
International tourist arrivals are set to pass the 1bn mark this year.
The TSX Venture Exchange opened at 1,640.92, down 0.39 of a point from Friday's close.
The TSX Venture Exchange opened at 1,640.92, down 0.39 of a point.
A VILLAGE pub has gone back to the future as it aims for a new lease of life at the heart of the community.
A VILLAGE pub has gone back to the future.
Affiliates of Apollo Global Management, LLC announced today that they have signed a definitive agreement to acquire Taminco Group Holdings, the largest independent global producer of alkylamines and their derivatives, from affiliates of CVC Capital Partners for approximately €1.1 billion.
They have signed a agreement to acquire Taminco Group Holdings from affiliates.
Ainslie wins sixth world sailing title Updated: 05:12, Saturday May 19, 2012 Britain's Ben Ainslie enjoyed a major Olympic Games confidence boost on Friday when he won a sixth world title, taking victory in the Finn class at Falmouth in south-west England.
Ainslie wins sixth world sailing title.
Hawaiian Airlines has taken possession of the first of up to 27 new, widebody Airbus aircraft that the carrier plans to integrate into its fleet over the coming decade.
Hawaiian Airlines has taken possession of the first of up to 27 new, widebody Airbus aircraft.
Mountain State University is consolidating operations at the private college's Martinsburg campus and is leaving space it recently renovated at Martinsburg Mall, administrators said Thursday.
Mountain State University is consolidating operations at the private college's Martinsburg campus.
Matt Rendell has had counselling for alleged racial vilification that cost him his job as recruiting manager at Adelaide.
Matt Rendell has had counselling for vilification.
A 9-year-old Rockford girl has died, days after being pulled from the waters of Lake Michigan.
A Rockford girl has died, days after being pulled from the waters of Lake Michigan.
The Ferris State University student who was found lying unconscious in the snow last month has been upgraded to serious condition.
The Ferris State University student has been upgraded to serious condition.
Malala Day is being observed across the world including Pakistan on Saturday, Nov 10 to express solidarity with Malala Yousufzai, a children rights activist based in Swat for her cause of girl's education.
Malala Day is being observed across the world.
Google says it is revising its privacy policies and changing how it uses data from users of its services to provide more personalised search results and advertisements.
Google is revising its privacy policies.
Claudio Ranieri has told his Roma side to stay united in the wake of a disastrous start to the season.
Claudio Ranieri has told his Roma side to stay united.
Mariners general manager Jack Zduriencik said left-hander Erik Bedard should begin throwing off a mound ``pretty soon.''
Erik Bedard should begin throwing off a mound pretty soon.
Cincinnati Reds pitching prospect JJ Hoover pitching against the Cincinnati Reds in the Reds vs Future Reds game.
JJ Hoover pitching against the Cincinnati Reds vs Future Reds game.
The 700-odd residents of Khambha-Borada village in Amreli got the biggest shock of their quiet lives when a lion strolled into their main bazaar on Monday at 5 pm.
A lion strolled into their bazaar.
Manus Is owners want $45m for centre Updated: 11:03, Friday September 21, 2012 Manus Island landowners say they will block an asylum seeker processing facility unless they receive $45 million in compensation.
Manus Is owners want $ 45m for centre Updated.
BISMARCK, ND Bismarck native Greg Eslinger is one of 21 players released by the Houston Texans.
BISMARCK, Greg Eslinger is one of 21 players released.
Bird flu has killed a man in northern Vietnam in the country's second death from the illness this year, and health officials warned Thursday that the virus could spread further.
Bird flu has killed a man in northern Vietnam.
The Buffalo Sabres will take aim at their first three-game winning streak since early October when they visit the rival Montreal Canadiens for tonight's Northeast Division battle at the Bell Centre.
The Buffalo Sabres visit the rival Montreal Canadiens.
Welsh churches will open their doors this September to share Wales' rich ecclesiastical heritage with the public.
Welsh churches will open their doors to share Wales ' rich ecclesiastical heritage.
Investment bank JPMorgan has joined Yieldbroker and its online trading platform partnership, with a stake equal to its four existing owners.
JPMorgan has joined Yieldbroker.
Gerhardt is the first woman to surf Maverick's, catching her first wave at the notorious big-wave spot in February 1999.
Gerhardt is the first woman to surf Maverick.
THE Sydney Roosters have stood down forwards Willie Mason and Nate Myles for breaking the club's strict alcohol policy.
THE Sydney Roosters have stood down Willie Mason and Nate Myles.
Stafford Rangers celebrated their players awards evening this week despite suffering relegation to the Evo Stik Premier Division.
Stafford Rangers celebrated their players awards evening despite suffering relegation.
From his hotel room in France, Kanye West posts a video message, announcing a new rap alias.
Kanye West posts, announcing a new rap alias.
The government is planning to cut the family allowance for families with an outstandingly high income next year, Miklos Soltesz, state secretary for social and family affairs, told commercial television channel hirTV on Monday.
The government is planning to cut the family allowance with an high income.
Mark Ronson has announced that he is currently working on projects with The Black Lips, Rufus Wainwright and Daniel Merriweather.
Mark Ronson is working on projects with The Black Lips, Rufus Wainwright.
State television said Monday that Castro met with the American lawmakers behind closed doors Monday.
Castro met with the American lawmakers.
Interest rates could stay low for some time and it is still not clear whether the pick-up in the economy will prove durable, Bank of England policymaker Kate Barker was quoted as saying on Wednesday.
Interest rates could stay low for some time.
French striker Karim Benzema, who scored within seconds of coming on in Real Madrid's 1-1 draw against his former club Lyon on Tuesday, still needs to improve, Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho said Thursday.
Karim Benzema still needs to improve.
Pakistani actress Veena Malik today said that she was losing sleep owing to her packed schedule that includes back-to-back Bollywood movies and her debut Punjabi film.
Veena Malik today said she was losing sleep owing to her packed schedule.
Tripoli - Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, son and one-time heir apparent of toppled Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, will be moved to a Tripoli prison within two months and then face trial, the chairman of Libya's National Transitional Council said on Sunday.
Tripoli Saif al-Islam Gaddafi will be moved.
CONTROVERSIAL Rabbitoh and Kiwi hooker Isaac Luke could be in even more trouble, after apparently admitting he deliberately tried to break the leg of England rival Rangi Chase.
CONTROVERSIAL Rabbitoh tried to break the leg.
Militants attacked a Pakistani military convoy in the country's troubled northwest on Sunday, injuring three soldiers, officials said, a day after a US drone strike killed 10 insurgents.
Militants attacked a Pakistani military convoy.
The Toyota iQ has been named Green Car of the Year 2010 by the Environmental Transport Association today.
The Toyota iQ has been named Green Car of the Year 2010.
A group of illegal immigrants plans to hold a rally at Georgia State University and then participate in an act of civil disobedience.
A group of illegal immigrants plans to hold a rally at Georgia State University.
Mancini concedes EPL title Updated: 09:07, Friday March 29, 2013 Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini has finally admitted that his team's defence of their Premier League title is over.
Mancini concedes EPL title Updated.
An ethics complaint against a North Platte judge has been dismissed by the Nebraska judicial qualifications commission.
An complaint against a judge has been dismissed.
Kuwait is pioneering in seawater desalination projects in the Gulf region and has decades-long success story in this domain, a water desalination expert said Thursday.
Kuwait is pioneering in seawater desalination projects.
He was 71.The Zanu PF Member of Parliament for Masvingo North is said to have collapsed and died at the Great Zimbabwe Hotel Thursday afternoon.
He was Member of Parliament and died.
``I love being an aunt,'' Kim told ET while at an event in Las Vegas.
I love being an aunt, Kim told.
The Central African Republic went to the polls Sunday in a presidential election observers hope will bring stability to a nation hit by decades of violence and coups.
The Central African Republic went to the polls.
The Midland Theatre recently elected three new members to its board of directors.
The Midland Theatre elected to its board of directors.
A study session turned into an armed robbery over the weekend in Davis, authorities said.
A study session turned into an robbery.
Mumbai Indians stunned Chennai Super Kings by two wickets in an Indian Premier League match at the Wankhede Stadium here on Sunday.
Mumbai Indians stunned Chennai Super Kings by two wickets.
Oh yeah: ''We'll always have Paris.
We 'll always have Paris.
Veteran Oregon Rep. Darlene Hooley said Thursday she will not run for re-election.
Oregon Rep. Darlene Hooley said she will not run for re-election.
David Cameron sparked baby rumours yesterday when he patted his wife's stomach after his speech.
David Cameron sparked baby rumours.
A woman found dead in a roadside drain on the outskirts of Napier has been identified.
A woman found dead in a drain has been identified.
On Somalia, according to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, some 60,000 Somalis have returned to Mogadishu since the start of 2009.
On Somalia some 60,000 Somalis have returned to Mogadishu.
India gold futures are seen extending losses for a fifth week in a row on expectations of a stronger dollar overseas, which dims the yellow metal's appeal as an alternative investment, analysts said.
India gold futures are seen extending losses.
International Monetary Fund head Christine Lagarde said yesterday that the IMF would pare its global growth forecasts in the next month, adding that a weaker global economy would mean more trouble Japan as the yen would grow strong.
The IMF would pare its global growth forecasts.
A 28-year-old Pelzer man is facing murder charges after an incident that occured shortly after midnight Thursday, in Piedmont.
A Pelzer man is facing murder charges.
A state prison guard was found fatally stabbed outside her Miami home.
A prison guard was found fatally stabbed outside her home.
A US Navy helicopter crashed in Oman on Thursday and the fate of its five crew members was unknown, the US military said, even as it ruled out hostile activity.
A US Navy helicopter crashed in Oman.
A former Garrison attorney has been disbarred by the North Dakota Supreme court on the grounds of defrauding clients.
A Garrison attorney has been disbarred.
An antique steam train engine that sat abandoned in the Northern New York woods for 38 years is chugging along the tracks between Thomaston and Waterbury this weekend.
An antique steam train engine is chugging along the tracks between Thomaston and Waterbury.
An Escambia county man is facing up to life in prison after being convicted on child sexual battery charges.
An Escambia county man is facing after being convicted on sexual battery charges.
The Ball State University student chapter of the Wildlife Society will offer the public free lessons in wildlife identification and trapping techniques during ``EcoBlitz!'' on Saturday at the John M. Craddock Wetland Nature Preserve.
The chapter of the Wildlife Society will offer the free lessons in identification.
Actress Shilpa Shetty placed bets of Rs one lakh for an IPL match, Delhi Police claimed Friday even as investigators said they do not believe her husband and co-owner of Rajasthan Royals Raj Kundra's statement that he lost Rs one crore in betting.
Shilpa Shetty placed bets of Rs one lakh for an IPL match.
Toyota Material Handling USA Inc has expanded its line of large IC pneumatic lift trucks to include four new models, 33,000-, 40,000-, 44,000-, and 51,000-pound capacities at a 36`` load center.
Toyota Material Handling USA Inc has expanded its line of large IC pneumatic lift trucks.
The kickoff to the 2012-13 United Way campaign for Washington Parish was held on Wednesday at Elizabeth Sullivan Memorial United Methodist Church on Avenue B in Bogalusa.
The kickoff to the 2012 13 United Way campaign was held.
When I was a tadpole and you were a fish In the Paleozoic time, And side by side on the ebbing tide, We sprawled through the ooze and slime, Or skittered with many a caudal flip, Through the depths of the Cambrian fen, My heart was rife with the joy of life, For I loved you even then.
When I was a tadpole and you were.
With Wayne Rooney following in David Beckham's footsteps by being dropped for a crucial Champions League tie with Real Madrid, rumours are rife that he could also follow Becks by leaving the club.
Wayne Rooney could follow Becks.
The deep depression over southwest Bay of Bengal weakened as a low pressure area and crossed the coast between North Chennai and Nellore in the early hours of today, weather office said here.
The deep depression over Bay of Bengal weakened.
Only 60 miles from his hometown of Columbiana, Shelby County native Robert J. Bentley was sworn in Jan. 17 as the 53rd governor of Alabama.
Robert J. Bentley was sworn as the 53rd governor.
The SEC is committed to maintain the best regulatory practices, ensure investor protection and uphold the integrity of the CSE, she said speaking at the Investment Day 2010 held at the Sirimavo Bandaranaike Memorial Exhibition Centre.
The SEC is committed to maintain the best regulatory practices.
Hockey India will continue to run the game in the country despite Indian Hockey Federation's revival by the Delhi High Court, HI secretary Narinder Batra said here on Saturday.
Hockey India will continue to run the game.
A new initiative introduced in the capital city on Thursday will bring zip cars to Providence.
A new initiative will bring zip cars to Providence.
Crude charas and opium cultivation in four villages of Bijbehara in Anantnag district was destroyed on Tuesday by the state police here.
Charas and opium cultivation was destroyed.
Auto giant Chrysler warns of closing all its plants in Canada if it doesn't get help from the government there.
Chrysler warns of closing its plants in Canada.
Michael Hunter tied his career high with 22 points to lead UC Irvine past Vanguard 81-73 Saturday night.
Michael Hunter tied to lead UC Irvine past Vanguard 81 73.
CUMBRIAN Kyle Amor admits he faces a big decision over his future after being offered the chance to rejoin Super League champs Leeds Rhinos.
Kyle Amor faces a big decision.
A first of its kind study has found that nearly 80 percent of school waste could be recycled.
A first of its study has found nearly 80 percent of school waste could be recycled.
The 61 year old sparked concerns when he was hospitalised last month with abdominal pains and treated for inflammation of the colon.
He was hospitalised.
Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi expanded his cabinet with the induction of 18 ministers here on Friday.
Narendra Modi expanded his cabinet.
Brett Favre left Lambeau Field just before Green Bay Packers practice Tuesday afternoon, taking a turn out of the back gate away from the field where the rest of his teammates were assembling for afternoon practice.
Brett Favre left Lambeau Field.
Pirates took a record 1 181 hostages in 2010 as ship hijackings in waters off Somalia escalated, a global maritime watchdog said Tuesday.
Pirates took a record 1 181 hostages in 2010.
PUPILS at Hamilton primaries learned about Fairtrade issues when Bruce Wilkinson of UNICEF spoke to representatives from their school councils.
PUPILS learned about Fairtrade issues.
Thomson Reuters , the world's leading source of intelligent information for businesses and professionals, today announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Paisley, an industry-leading software provider of governance, risk and compliance solutions, which help multinational corporations, large accounting and consulting firms, and governmental agencies manage financial controls, internal audit processes, and enterprise risk management.
Thomson Reuters has signed a agreement to acquire Paisley.
A Romanian soldier was killed and another injured Thursday in a mine blast in Afghanistan, the Romanian Defence Ministry in Bucharest said.
A Romanian soldier was killed in a mine blast in Afghanistan.
RAINBOW Women Network Fiji believes radio is a safe place to empower women, especially those from marginalised communities.
Radio is a safe place to empower women.
Minister of State in Prime Minister's Office, V. Narayanasamy, on Friday said Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee will present a very good annual budget.
Pranab Mukherjee will present a very good budget.
Bosch announced today that it will invest Rs. 2000 crores in its Indian operations between 2010 and 2012.
Bosch will invest Rs. 2000 crores in its Indian operations between 2010 and 2012.
WATFORD, England -England coach Fabio Capello says he needs to ``improve the minds of the players'' for the team's European Championship qualifying campaign.
WATFORD, Fabio Capello says he needs to improve the minds of the players.
Mark Wright praised his gorgeous girlfriend Michelle Keegan when she won the award for Sexiest Soap Star last night.
Mark Wright praised his girlfriend Michelle Keegan.
The County of Grande Prairie has issued a fire ban, effective immediately for all communities within its boundaries.
The County has issued a fire ban.
Former Alaskan governor and potential 2012 presidential contender Sarah Palin has made a gaffe on a radio show by saying North Korea is a US ally.
Sarah Palin has made a gaffe by saying North Korea is a US ally.
Snoop Dogg is working on a family sitcom for Warner Bros. where he will be playing the head of a household loosely based on his own!
Snoop Dogg is working on a family sitcom.
Health Net of California Brad Kieffer, 818-676-6833 brad.kieffer@healthnet.com or Alvarado Hospital Laura Gilbert, 619-229-3249 laura.gilbert@alvaradohospital.com Alvarado Hospital of San Diego and Health Net of California, Inc. have signed a new agreement that provides Health Net members with access to health care at Alvarado Hospital.
Health Net of California Brad Kieffer Alvarado Hospital, Inc. have signed a agreement.
Ecstatic with the phenomenal response that his film on terror has generated, director Kabir Khan now wants to move on to lighter subjects.
Ecstatic, Kabir Khan wants to move on to lighter subjects.
Sri Lanka on Tuesday announced it would raise defense spending by over five percent in 2012, more than two years after the government ended a decades-long ethnic conflict with Tamil rebels.
Sri Lanka would raise defense spending.
Paul Scharner has warned the Baggies that they must hold on to their star names next month otherwise risk being relegated.
Paul Scharner has warned the Baggies.
Crews from the RJ Corman Company worked through the night to remove all of the train cars left on the track after a derailment on Highway 1020 in Bullitt County Thursday afternoon.
Crews worked to remove all of the train cars left on the track after a derailment.
May 20, 2013 Arizona Cardinals linebacker Daryl Washington has pleaded not guilty to charges accusing him of assaulting his ex-girlfriend, who authorities have said is the mother of his baby daughter.
May 20, 2013 linebacker Daryl Washington has pleaded not guilty.
Russia's nuclear powered icebreakers at their homeport Atomflot a few kilometers north of Murmansk center.
Russia's nuclear powered icebreakers.
Diego Maradona predicted a victory against Brazil in their World Cup qualifier at Rosario on Sept. 5.
Diego Maradona predicted a victory against Brazil.
Aug 14 Former Spice Girls member Victoria Beckham is now adding more spice to the reality show American Idol.
Victoria Beckham is adding spice to the show American Idol.
LLT Charter High School, named for its focus on leadership, literacy and technology, will close at the end of the school year and will not reopen in the fall.
LLT Charter High School, will close at the end of the school year.
Western Carolina women's basketball was edged by Georgia Southern 41-40 Saturday at Hanner Fieldhouse.
Western Carolina women's basketball was edged by Georgia Southern 41 40.
Assessment scores have improved for students of Lorraine-based USD 328.
Assessment scores have improved.
The Food and Drug Administration is considering a new plan that would require restaurants to post calorie counts on their menus.
The Food and Drug Administration would require restaurants to post calorie counts on their menus.
/ The Enquirer/Cara Owsley Aroldis Chapman threw off flat ground today.
The Aroldis Chapman threw off flat ground.
Juventus showed no signs of rustiness after a three-week layoff on Sunday, reclaiming the Serie A lead with a dominating 3-0 win over Palermo, as previous leader Udinese lost 2-0 at Parma.
Juventus showed, reclaiming the Serie A lead.
US Sen. Jim Inhofe said Monday that President Bush has damaged his own legacy by asking lawmakers to release the second half of the $700-billion financial rescue bailout.
Jim Inhofe said President Bush has damaged his own legacy.
In June, Frank Rich will leave his post as columnist for the New York Times to join New York Magazine as an political and cultural essayist, online commentator and editor-at-large of a special section.
Frank Rich will leave for the New York Times to join New York Magazine.
Sustainable protective packaging manufacturer Geami announces today that Carter-McLeod Paper and Packaging, Inc. has been appointed a Channel Partner for the New England region of the United States.
Geami announces, has been appointed a Channel Partner.
A Crawford County man has been charged with sexually assaulting two young girls over two years.
A Crawford County man has been charged with sexually assaulting two young girls.
Nomura rates Visa as a ``Buy'' with a price target of $172.
Nomura rates Visa as a Buy.
Tribute in Light illuminates NYC skyline The New York City skyline has been lit up by twin towers of light.
Tribute in Light illuminates NYC skyline.
The key to finding a good job in IT, and every other sector, is making sure that you label your skill set the same way as others do.
The key to finding a good job in IT is making.
The Bureau of Labor Statistics reports that the economy gained 103,000 jobs in September, a report helped by the fact that it counts the end of a Verizon walkout of 45,000 workers as jobs gained for the month.
The economy gained 103,000 jobs in September.
Taiwan is set to help its Central American ally Belize to tackle food shortage problem.
Taiwan is set to help its ally Belize to tackle food shortage problem.
Funeral Party have revealed that they are in talks to support The Strokes on their upcoming comeback tour.
Funeral Party are in talks to support The Strokes on their comeback tour.
Ford Motor posted a $8.7bn quarterly loss yesterday as it wrote down the value of truck and SUV operations and cautioned that it did not expect to see a US economic turnaround until 2010.
Ford Motor posted a $ 8.7bn loss.
Mumbai , Apr 4 Gold prices continued to decline for the third consecutive day on the bullion market here today on persistent stockists offerings in view of bearish trend in global markets.
Mumbai, Gold prices continued to decline for the third day.
Jodi Arias --who killed her one-time boyfriend, Travis Alexander, over 5 years ago-- was convicted of first degree murder this afternoon and will now face the possibility of the death penalty.
Jodi Arias -- was convicted of first degree murder.
PerezHilton.com has learned exclusively that Brittany Murphy was fired from an upcoming film that was shooting in Puerto Rico.
Brittany Murphy was fired from an upcoming film.
Nirmal Bang says that for this weekend support for the Nifty continues to be at 5,001 / 4985 and a fall below this point could trigger a major sell-off which could lead the fall towards 4,940 / 4,860, in its report dated 17 December 2009.
For this support for the Nifty continues to be at 5,001 4985.
One Direction star Harry Styles, who is currently dating Taylor Swift, has reportedly told the country singer that she's ``the one.''
Harry Styles, who is dating Taylor Swift, has told she's the one.
A 22-year-old woman is being held in the Pulaski County Jail on one charge of statutory rape involving a 16-year-old teenager with developmental disabilities.
A woman is being held on one charge of statutory rape.
AM Best Co. has assigned indicative ratings of ``bbb-'' on senior unsecured debt, ``bb+'' on subordinated debt and ``bb'' on preferred stock of Horace Mann Educators Corporation's (NYSE: HMN) $300 million universal shelf registration filed on November 26, 2008 to replace its current $300 million shelf registration, which expired on December, 1, 2008.
AM Best Co. has assigned ratings, bb on debt and bb on stock of Horace Mann Educators Corporation (:) shelf registration.
AFC Bournemouth striker Alan Connell finally made a return to action this afternoon for the reserves.
Alan Connell made a return to action.
Arnott Inc. announced that it has moved into a new, much larger production facility on Florida's Space Coast.
Arnott Inc. has moved into a, larger facility.
Rockville candle maker Pacific Trade International plans to open its first US manufacturing plant this summer in Glen Burnie, where it hopes to meet a rising demand for its Chesapeake Bay Candle products.
Pacific Trade International plans to open plant in Glen Burnie.
Oklahoma is to host Kansas State for a three-game Big 12 baseball series.
Oklahoma is to host Kansas State for a Big 12 baseball series.
The House today passed the economic development finance conference committee report, but not before a lengthy debate on one provision.
The House today passed the economic development finance conference committee report.
United States Secretary of State, Hillary Rodham-Clinton, will visit South Africa next week as part of her tour to seven countries on the African continent.
Secretary of State will visit South Africa.
But according to a new report, economically speaking we're not as free as we used to be.
We 're not free as we used.
No one was injured when a fire destroyed a mobile home in Minnesota City on Sunday afternoon, the Winona County Sheriff's Department reported.
A fire destroyed a mobile home.
Cold wave continued to grip most of northern India,badly affecting the movement of people.A blanket of fog enveloped the capital New Delhi,further disrupting road, rail and air traffic.
Cold wave continued to grip most of northern India.
Internet giant Google has just launched a new feature that will allow users to block certain sites from their search results if they aren't providing relevant material.
Google has launched a new feature that will allow users to block from their search results.
The New Zealand market closed mixed on Wednesday after trading in positive territory in the morning session.
The New Zealand market closed mixed.
Mobile gaming market is set to shrink in 2009 after years of surging growth as falling cellphone sales dampen demand, Glu Mobile Chief Executive Greg Ballard said in an interview on Thursday.
Mobile gaming market is set to shrink in 2009.
A black bear was spotted by several residents Friday morning in the area of Sycamore Canyon Road and Cold Springs Road.
A black bear was spotted.
A US drone strike has killed a senior al-Qaida leader in Pakistan's tribal region near the Afghan border, Pakistani intelligence officials said, in the latest blow to the Islamic militant network.
A US drone strike has killed a senior al-Qaida leader.
A MAN was killed by a hippo at a lodge on the banks of the Vaal River just outside Klerksdorp in North West, paramedics said yesterday.
A MAN was killed by a hippo.
Actor Tom Arnold is set to become a first-time dad at the age of 53.
Tom Arnold is set to become a dad.
Yahoo added Twitter updates to some search results, such as this one for ``dell.''
Yahoo added Twitter updates to some search results.
Over 7 000 Zimbabweans were deported from South Africa between January and March this year, according to a joint report by the Solidarity Peace Trust and People Against Suffering Oppression and Poverty.
Over 7 000 Zimbabweans were deported from South Africa.
A graduate internship programme run by the University of East Anglia is set to continue after exceeding its original targets and expectations.
A graduate internship programme is set to continue.
RSS candidate Nitin Gadkari will be formally elected as the BJP president tomorrow.
Nitin Gadkari will be formally elected tomorrow.
You know that online ads are coming back, but here are a couple of charts that you can use to make your point:
Online ads are coming back.
Bahrain has made history by electing its first woman to a municipal council, as the country went to the polls for the second time in a week.
Bahrain has made by electing its first woman to a municipal council.
House Speaker Somsak Kiartsuranon said Monday that the four national reconciliation bills would be put on hold until the coalition partners reach a common stand on the issue.
The four national reconciliation bills would be put on hold.
The LG Optimus 2X is now available to pre-order on Vodafone, with shipping expected to begin later this month.
The LG Optimus 2X is available to pre-order on Vodafone.
The Women's Club of Webster will hold its general meeting at the Webster Senior Facility on Thursday, Jan. 19.
The Women's Club of Webster will hold its general meeting on Thursday, Jan. 19.
Pop Singer Britney Spears is upset on boyfriend's flirting wit other girls at a bar.
Britney Spears is upset on boyfriend's flirting wit girls.
Although the series pickup had long been a foregone conclusion, FOX has officially sent the Kiefer Sutherland drama ``Touch,'' from ``Heroes'' creator Tim Kring, to series.
FOX has officially sent the Kiefer Sutherland drama Touch to series.
The Miami Dolphins have hired Mike Sherman as offensive coordinator and Kevin Coyle as defensive coordinator, moves that bring nearly seven decades of coaching experience to the team's staff.
The Miami Dolphins have hired Mike Sherman as offensive coordinator.
John Hoover, a revered artist in Alaska who used imagery and tales from Native traditions in contemporary works, has died at 91.
John Hoover, a artist in Alaska, has died.
Cow corralled after getting loose in central NY A wayward cow's dip in a central New York pond ends with the animal being lassoed by several volunteer ``cowboys.''
Cow corralled after getting loose in central NY.
A woman hacked two preschoolers to death with a kitchen knife and injured three other children and a grandmother at a school in southern China, a state news agency says.
A woman hacked two preschoolers to death.
``I loved 'Black Swan' and I've always loved Darren Aronofsky.
I loved and I 've always loved Darren Aronofsky.
``Desperate Housewives'' star Eva Longoria filed for divorce from her husband Tony Parker on Wednesday.
Eva Longoria filed for divorce from her husband Tony Parker.
CONSUMER sentiment has rebounded in February after the Queensland floods put a short-term dent in sentiment.
CONSUMER sentiment has rebounded.
A new technique could help keep dust off of solar cells, a major obstacle that reduces the efficiency of photovoltaic panels.
A technique could help keep dust off of solar cells.
US Rep. Michele Bachmann, R-Minn., made the rounds of Sunday talk shows as she prepared to kick off her presidential campaign.
Michele Bachmann made the rounds of talk shows.
Job openings jumped in April to the highest level in 16 months, a sign that hiring by private employers is healthy despite last week's disappointing jobs report.
Job openings jumped to the highest level in 16 months.
The dispute between GHMC \u0026 SCR, regarding the transfer of properties in Tarnaka-Sangeeth theatre stretch has come to an end.
The dispute between GHMC \u0026 SCR, regarding the transfer of properties has come to an end.
Primerica Inc. is selling shares in an IPO at a discount to its competitors, according to a Bloomberg report.
Primerica Inc. is selling shares in an IPO at a discount to its competitors.
Malaysian electricity utility Tenaga was raised to a ``trading buy'' from ``hold'' by investment bank Kenanga.
Tenaga was raised to a trading buy.
The Ukrainian parliament has registered the draft budget for 2010 adopted by the government on Monday.
The Ukrainian parliament has registered the draft budget for 2010.
Dubai has begun construction on the largest canal project in the Middle East for more than a century, joining a list of mega-projects in the Gulf emirate, the official WAM news agency reported.
Dubai has begun on the largest canal project.
``Indian rupee may kick start the day with a solid jump around 44.17 vs 44.30 previous day`s close amid following solid rally in Asian currencies against the dollar mostly after PBOC allows a stronger fixing in Chinese Yuan today at below 6.64, the strongest point after it was revalued in July. However on the flip side to this, major currencies are ready for push into negative territory as dollar continues to gain strength from its overnight rally in US. and heavy sell-off in equities as investors choose to pull heavily back from risk. In the major news, Taiwan has taken tightening measures on Tuesday, to bar foreign investors from investing more than 30% of their funds govt bonds with maturities of one year or less just a day ahead of G-20 summit,`` said the brokerage house Anagram.
Indian rupee may kick start the day with a solid jump, the point, currencies are.
''I don't dictate to the team at all, that would be silly...
I don't dictate to the team.
French President Nicolas Sarkozy said on Tuesday the eurozone's financial crisis was ended and economy of the single-currency bloc was recovering.
Nicolas Sarkozy said the eurozone's financial crisis was ended and economy was recovering.
This year, the 91 students raised $450 for the food bank.
The 91 students raised $ 450 for the food bank.
Clontarf maintained their lead at the top of the AIB League Division One with a 26-8 win over Blackrock but Shannon kept up the pressure with their 36-9 win over UCD.
Clontarf maintained their lead at the top.
A leading economist says that the SAA signing with the EU has no effect at all on the Serbian economy because it was suspended from the moment it was signed.
The SAA signing has no effect on the economy.
``CIS countries will launch new regime of trade since new year,'' the chairman of CIS Executive Committee Sergei Lebedev said at meeting with journalists today.
CIS countries will launch new regime of trade since new year.
Republican front-runner Mitt Romney stumbled down the homestretch of the New Hampshire primary Monday, declaring, ``I like being able to fire people who provide services to me'' as his rivals intensified already fierce criticism.
I like being able to fire people intensified.
Huron is now No. 2 among Ohio's 88 counties, second only to Williams County, which posted a 16.3 percent unemployment rate.
Huron is No. 2.
Wegmans has recalled a Wegmans brand flour because it may contain small blue polyurethane balls, the grocery chain announced Wednesday.
Wegmans has recalled a flour because it may contain polyurethane balls.
Businesspeople from Turkey and Italy are convening in a four-day conference in Istanbul, looking into ways to further strengthen trade and business ties between the two Mediterranean countries.
Businesspeople from Turkey and Italy are convening, looking into ways to further strengthen trade and business ties.
Today High Voltage revealed Tournament of Legends, previously titled Gladiator AD, exclusively for Wii.
High Voltage revealed Tournament of Legends.
Starfield Resources Inc. today announced it has closed the previously announced private placement offering of flow-through common shares for gross proceeds of $2.4 million.
Starfield Resources Inc. has closed the private placement offering.
Life on Earth began on space, says a new study on meteorite strengthening evidence that biological raw ingredients were carried to the planet in lumps of asteroid rocks.
Life on Earth began on space.
A 25-year-old man was charged with committing a violent indecent assault on a 53-year-old British woman on the night of 17 May 2008.
A man was charged with committing a violent indecent assault.
Nine persons were killed and over 80 injured in various incidents of violence in Karachi on Friday.
Nine persons were killed and over 80 injured in various incidents of violence.
Legendary axeman and music icon Prince is poised to confirm his first Australian tour in decades this week, according to Triple M Rock News reporter Nui Te Koha.
Prince is poised to confirm his Australian tour.
A Human Rights Watch report on Wednesday accused Lebanese police of torturing and raping drugs users, prostitutes and gays in their custody.
A report accused Lebanese police of torturing drugs users, prostitutes and gays.
The White House says First Lady Michelle Obama is coming to Springfield , Thursday, Feb. 28.
Michelle Obama is coming to Springfield, Thursday, Feb. 28.
Two Hamilton College athletes were honored by the Liberty League on Feb. 21 when the league announced its weekly award winners.
Two athletes were honored by the Liberty League.
Angola will have a national institute of water resources and an office of hydro-graphic basins for Zambeze region, the secretary of State for water affairs, Luis Filipe da Silva, announced Monday.
Angola will have a institute of water resources.
Another iPhone 4 prototype has appeared on eBay, although we are not sure if this one was actually found in a bar, it is currently listed on eBay with a bid of overt $100,000.
Another iPhone 4 prototype has appeared on eBay.
On January 18, 2012, visiting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao met with Qatari Emir Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani in Doha.
Wen Jiabao met with Qatari Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani.
Bangalore: ``People in today's world have become numb to serious issues. Trees are being cut, People are dying out of starvation, the life of Muslims in Gaza is being devastated; and still, we consider our property more important than anybody else's lives. A Muslim should understand his collective role, his responsibility and call people towards goodness; they should stop others from doing proscribed things'', asserted Dr. Taha Mateen, Managing Director, Acura Hospital.
Bangalore : People have become numb to serious issues.
Head coach Mark Richt marked the occasion by telling his team, in his words, that ``from what I've seen I believe we have a pretty good team.''
Mark Richt believe we have a pretty good team.
US bank Wells Fargo has surprised investors by bucking the recession, saying it expects a record net profit.
Wells Fargo expects a record profit.
A Smithfield business owner was charged with wire fraud Friday at US District Court.
A business owner was charged with wire fraud.
2 adults fatally shot inside Alabama nightclub A police captain says two people have been shot to death inside a nightclub in a suburb of Birmingham, Ala. Hoover police Capt. Jim Coker tells Al.com that the two people were pronounced dead at the scene.
2 adults fatally shot inside Alabama nightclub, Jim Coker tells.
Firebrand conservative Rush Limbaugh ranks former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie in a tie at 8 on a scale of 1 to 10 when asked to rate a list of the leading 2012 Republican presidential candidates, according to a Newsweek report.
Rush Limbaugh ranks Sarah Palin and Chris Christie in a tie asked to rate a list of the 2012 presidential candidates.
The Walton County Master Gardeners maintain a daylily demonstration garden near the reflecting pond, at Eden Gardens State Park in Point Washington.
The Master Gardeners maintain a garden.
Roger Federer was far from his best but still made comfortable progress to the US Open third round beating Brazil's Thiago Alves.
Roger Federer was far made comfortable progress.
The Baltimore Ravens terminated the contract of veteran running back Mike Anderson on Wednesday, freeing up his US$1.8 million salary.
The Baltimore Ravens terminated the contract of veteran running Mike Anderson.
The father of a one-month-old baby has pleaded not guilty in her death.
The father has pleaded not guilty in her death.
Japan and India signed a free trade pact Wednesday under which the high-tech nation and the South Asian population giant pledged to scrap tariffs on 94 percent of goods within a decade.
Japan and India signed a free trade pact.
JACKSON, Miss. Police say a pizza delivery driver was robbed and carjacked at gun point outside a north Jackson apartment complex.
JACKSON, say a pizza delivery driver was robbed and carjacked.
Two and a Half Men`` star Jon Cryer on Monday received a star on the Hollywood Walk of FameLOS ANGELES - ''Two and a Half Men`` star Jon Cryer on Monday received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and thanked former co-star Charlie Sheen and the show's co-creators for intervening during last season when troubles arose.
Two and a Jon Cryer received a star on the Hollywood Walk Two.
Veterans will be honored this coming week with a program at the Knights of Columbus hall.
Veterans will be honored with a program.
LONDON -Brian McBride is leaving Fulham of England's Premier League to return to the United States.
Brian McBride is leaving Fulham.
MIAMI ― Even though Bill Parcells has given up control of the Miami Dolphins, he says retirement can wait.
Bill Parcells says retirement can wait.
HBO has renewed Treme for a fourth and final season, a network spokesperson confirmed Sunday.
HBO has renewed Treme for a fourth and final season.
Disney star Selena Gomez has said she is at a point in her life where she wants to fall 'head over heels' in love.
Selena Gomez wants to fall in love.
South Korea has successfully launched a satellite from its soil for the first time, one month after North Korea won a propaganda coup by achieving the same feat.
South Korea has successfully launched a satellite.
Theo Walcott believes Arsenal must learn to win ugly if they are to challenge for the Barclays Premier League title.
Arsenal must learn to win ugly.
DRIVERS fearing a petrol shortage are queueing for fuel in Grantham this afternoon.
DRIVERS are queueing for fuel.
Harvest Power, a Waltham-based company that extracts renewable energy, soil and fertilizer from organic materials, announced on Thursday it has raised $110 million in its third round of venture capital, which was led by True North Venture Partners.
Harvest Power has raised $ 110 million.
Steven Gerrard has urged his England team-mates to ``seize the moment'' and end their quarter-final hoodoo when they take on Italy in tomorrow's European Championships clash in Kiev.
Steven Gerrard has urged his England team-mates to seize the moment and end they take on Italy.
Foreign investors have turned towards India, predicts the research arm of global rating agency, Moody's, reports Economic Times.
Foreign investors have turned towards India, predicts.
The US military has unveiled a new weapon, a non-lethal heat ray weapon that causes a sensation of unbearable heat which appears to the victim to come from nowhere and causes a reflexive urge to flee.
The US military has unveiled a new weapon, a non-lethal heat ray weapon.
A young woman constable of the Tamil Nadu Special Police attempted to commit suicide by jumping from the second floor of the barracks of the Tamil Nadu Police Quarters at Egmore on Monday.
A woman constable attempted to commit suicide.
Bar Stools For Less, Inc., the leading US online retailer of cheap bar stools today announced plans to increase customer service representative headcount.
Bar Stools For Less, Inc. the retailer of stools today announced plans to increase customer service headcount.
What's more interesting is that the survey says that by 2012, 63% of IPTV service providers plan to support multi-screen viewing across PCs, tablets, and smartphones.
63% of IPTV service providers plan to support multi-screen viewing.
The Buffalo Bills experiment in Toronto begins Thursday night at the Rogers Centre.
The Buffalo Bills experiment in Toronto begins.
An unemployed man has been jailed for at least 18 years for the ``incomprehensible'' racist murder of an Indian naval officer in central Glasgow.
An man has been jailed for the incomprehensible racist murder.
Hollywood couple Kate Hudson and Owen Wilson are reportedly planning to wed in a private ceremony later this year to finally stabilise the relationship that has seen many ups and downs.
Kate Hudson and Owen Wilson are planning to wed.
Inter Milan striker Diego Milito is in doubt for the Champions League match with Werder Bremen on Wednesday after injuring his thigh in the 2-0 loss to AS Roma in Serie A. The Argentine international came off midway through the second half against Roma on Saturday.
Inter Milan striker Diego Milito is in doubt for the Champions League match after injuring his thigh.
Uttar Pradesh Congress president Rita Bahuguna Joshi, accused of making derogatory remarks against CM Mayawati, was on Thursday remanded to 14 days judicial custody.
Rita Bahuguna Joshi was remanded to 14 days judicial custody.
The meeting, headed by secretary M Madhavan Nambiar instructed Delhi International Airport Ltd and the Airports Authority of India to ensure that runways were maintained round the clock and the work on third runway to make it CAT-III compliant gets complete before December 10.
Runways were maintained round the clock.
Former police officer Kiran Bedi tweeted on Tuesday that she has refused to offer bail after being detained with Anna Hazare and that she may be sent to Tihar Jail.
Kiran Bedi has refused to offer bail.
A Monticello man pleaded guilty to unemployment insurance fraud charges this week.
A man pleaded guilty to fraud charges.
House Majority Leader Eric Cantor, R-7 th , endorsed Mitt Romney this morning, just two days ahead of the Super Tuesday Republican presidential primaries.
Eric Cantor endorsed Mitt Romney.
The Art of Recycling kicks off in city recreation centers with an awareness campaign and art contest leading up to Earth Day Celebrations in April.
The Art of Recycling kicks off in centers with an awareness campaign and art contest.
A Peel police officer shot and killed two dogs in Mississauga last night.
A police officer shot two dogs in Mississauga.
Snellville city leaders will vote Monday night on a proposed 42 percent tax rate hike after weeks of town hall meetings and public hearings.
Snellville leaders will vote on a proposed tax rate hike.
Donna Murphy, a two-time Tony Award winner, will play the Witch in this summer's Shakespeare in the Park production of the Stephen Sondheim-James Lapine musical ``Into the Woods,'' the show's producers at the Public Theater announced on Wednesday.
Donna Murphy will play the Witch Into the Woods.
Weezer has cancelled the rest of their Raditude tour following a tour bus crash yesterday that left lead singer Rivers Cuomo in hospital.
Weezer has cancelled following a tour bus crash.
Amnesty International said Monday that their Web site had once again been blocked in China and urged Beijing to re-establish the site immediately.
Amnesty International said their Web site had been blocked in China.
SEATTLE -Washington has committed a minor recruiting violation and intends to report itself to the Pac-10.
Washington has committed a minor recruiting violation.
Barbra Streisand helps honor Marvin Hamlisch in NY Barbra Streisand, Aretha Franklin and Liza Minnelli have taken turns singing tunes by the late Marvin Hamlisch during a stirring memorial service for the composer in New York.
Barbra Streisand helps honor Marvin Hamlisch in NY Barbra Streisand.
Nicolas Cage accompanied his son in the ambulance when he was taken to hospital for a mental evaluation on Tuesday.
Nicolas Cage accompanied his son in the ambulance.
Boston Scientific Corp. has sold a California division to a privately held company for $30 million in cash, three years after purchasing it.
Boston Scientific Corp. has sold a California division.
An electrical short circuit at the Fosters Group beer factory in Tavakubu Lautoka over the weekend caused $80,000 worth of damage.
An electrical short circuit caused $ 80,000 worth of damage.
``The European Commission is committed to the EU accession process of Turkey ... on the basis of the negotiating framework that was adopted by unanimity by all (EU) member states and Turkey in October 2005,`` EU enlargement commissioner Olli Rehn said after talks in Brussels with Turkish foreign minister Ahmet Davutoglu.
The European Commission is committed to the EU accession process of Turkey.
Vodafone considers US withdrawal Updated: 11:05, Friday March 29, 2013 Mobile phone giant Vodafone is reported to be mulling its exit from America in one of the largest corporate transactions of all time.
Vodafone considers US withdrawal Updated.
Ontario County has submitted its official application to Google Inc. for the Internet company to locate its proposed ultra-fast broadband test site initiative in the county.
Ontario County has submitted its application to Google Inc..
John Kerr 'dreamed of becoming PM' Updated: 08:43, Saturday April 6, 2013 Former governor-general Sir John Kerr reportedly once dreamed of becoming prime minister.
John Kerr dreamed of becoming PM ' Updated.
A Forsyth man was hospitalized Saturday after running a motorcycle off the road on a curve, according to the Missouri Highway Patrol.
A Forsyth man was hospitalized after running a motorcycle off the road.
American Reprographics Company, the nation's leading provider of reprographic services and technology, today reported its financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2009.
American Reprographics Company today reported its results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2009.
Carolyn Lewis, clinical director of the salaried Primary Care Dental Service said yesterday: ``I'm delighted that the oral health strategy for the Island is being launched today.
The oral health strategy is being launched.
Americans love their social networking and online gaming more than they do their personal e-mail, according to new Nielsen research.
Americans love their social networking and online gaming more than they do their e-mail.
Top US lawmakers on Sunday pushed for aggressive and effective US diplomacy in South Asia to prevent the further escalation of tensions between Pakistan and India as a consequence of the Mumbai terrorist attacks that have killed 183 people, including six Americans.
US lawmakers pushed for aggressive diplomacy in South Asia.
An Okanagan father has been charged with allegedly pimping out his underage daughter for sex to at least three men.
An Okanagan father has been charged with pimping out his underage daughter.
Actress Mischa Barton has been released from hospital and is expected to resume work soon.
Mischa Barton has been released from hospital.
Bristol City strikers Danny Haynes and David Clarkson return to action for the reserves as they look to get back in contention for the first team squad.
Bristol City strikers return.
Sydney, Feb 12 Australia captain Michael Clarke said that he would be fit in time for the first Test against India starting Feb 22 but doubt still remains on his participation in the warm-up game that starts this weekend in Chennai.
Michael Clarke would be fit for the first Test.
SINGAPORE World oil prices stayed above $100 a barrel in Asian trade Tuesday on fears the escalating turmoil in Egypt will disrupt supply flows through the strategic Suez Canal.
Oil prices stayed above $ 100 a barrel in Asian trade.
After a couple more days in the 20s and 30s, temperatures should be warmer this weekend, reaching as high 50 on Sunday.
Temperatures should be warmer this weekend.
Ashley Judd and her husband are selling their Scottish home for GBP3.8 million.
Ashley Judd are selling their Scottish home.
The House narrowly passed a health care bill Saturday night.
The House passed a health care bill.
Oil prices plunged over $10 a barrel Monday as a US financial bailout plan failed to win legislative approval, increasing fears tat a prolonged economic downturn that could sharply curtail energy demand.
Oil prices plunged over $ 10 as a bailout plan failed.
The Eagles still support quarterback Michael Vick and expect him to play for them this coming season.
The Eagles still support Michael Vick and expect him to play.
``Hop'' is a frothy, seasonal treat that kids will love and parents will tolerate without too much trouble.
Hop is a, seasonal treat.
For the first time in its 22-year history, the Steuben County Community Foundation's assets top $20 million.
The Steuben County Community Foundation's assets top $ 20 million.
A car auction website set up three years ago has been sold to the UK market leader in a multi-million pound deal.
A car auction website has been sold.
The World Bank warned nations on Wednesday to brace for chaos as a new global financial crisis worse than 2008 looms ahead.
The World Bank warned to brace for chaos as a new financial crisis worse than 2008 looms.
Tom Campbell, seen here before giving a speech to the Silicon Valley Leadership Group on June 19, 2009 in Santa Clara, has dropped out of the governor's race to focus on a run for the US Senate.
Tom Campbell has dropped out of the governor's race to focus on a run for the US Senate.
Brooke Mueller has accused Denise Richards of violating a gag order during her sons' custody battle.
Brooke Mueller has accused Denise Richards of violating a order.
Chinese police broke up a ``terror'' group of more than 10 people that included at least two men from the westernmost province of Xinjiang, the Ministry of Public Security said at a briefing in Beijing today.
Chinese police broke up a terror group of more than 10 people.
Endesa SA, an electricity generating company, has agreed to sell networks and electricity transmission assets to Red Electrica Corporacion, SA, engaged in the transmission of electricity.
Endesa SA has agreed to sell networks and electricity transmission assets to Red Electrica Corporacion.
In an extreme case of religious reverence, a devotee offered his tongue to Goddess Durga in a temple here on Thursday.
A devotee offered his tongue to Goddess Durga.
A BUSINESSMAN who smuggled tens of millions of pounds of drugs through Felixstowe port is today starting a 26 year jail sentence.
A BUSINESSMAN is starting a jail sentence.
The National Hurricane Center in Miami says the 11th tropical depression of the season formed this morning.
The 11th tropical depression formed.
Waste Control Specialists has selected a company to build its low-level radioactive waste disposal facility.
Waste Control Specialists has selected a company to build its disposal facility.
The High Court, on Thursday, ordered status quo on the demolition of buildings in Basavangudi, acquired under Namma Metro project, for the construction of South End metro station.
The High Court ordered status quo.
Trainee pilots, who were stranded in the US when their course with the Pilot Training College in Waterford collapsed, are to picket the Dáil on Wednesday.
Trainee pilots are to picket the Dáil on Wednesday.
For ``Everybody in the World Has a Story,'' Steve Hartman travels to Argentina's second-largest city and meets 28-year-old Sandro Giovannini, a young man who remembers battling with his parents.
Everybody in the World Has a Story.
A federal lawsuit claims Microsoft, McDonald's, Mazda \u0026 CBS violated privacy laws, committed ``Computer Fraud and Abuse'' and used web ads as a ``cover'' for data mining.
A lawsuit claims Microsoft, McDonald, Mazda \u0026 CBS violated, and used ads as a cover for data mining.
Minister of Education Dr. Majid bin Ali Al-Nu'aimi,received here today received Omani educational delegation headed by Director General of Human Resources Development Directorate Yahiya bin Khamis bin Hamud Al Harthy.
Minister of Education, received today received Omani delegation.
Queen of pop Madonna was seen cavorting on stage and doing the middle finger routine at her Sticky and Sweet world tour, as her quickie divorce from Guy Ritchie went through.
Queen of Madonna was seen cavorting and doing the middle finger routine, as her divorce from Guy Ritchie went.
LAUSANNE, Switzerland -World anti-doping chiefs insisted yesterday that all team sports, without exception, must play by rules obliging some athletes to announce their whereabouts for testing.
All team sports must play by rules.
A SWAT situation ended peacefully in North Austin early Thursday morning.
A SWAT situation ended peacefully.
Trade conditions remained weak in September, the South African Chamber of Commerce and Industry reported last week.
Trade conditions remained weak.
An elderly man was shot and killed in the Schellville area south of Sonoma late Tuesday, the Sonoma County Sheriff's Department said.
An elderly man was shot and killed in the Schellville area.
Former US president Bill Clinton said the world is moving towards a multi-polar system in the wake of the global financial crisis, but that the United States will remain an important player.
The world is moving towards a multi-polar system.
On Darfur, the security situation in Darfur is relatively calm today, according to the UN-AU Mission in Darfur.
On Darfur, the security situation in Darfur is relatively calm.
South Carolina State, following its first day away from the gridiron Sunday, resumed preseason workouts Monday with a morning and evening practice.
South Carolina State resumed preseason workouts.
European Central Bank president Mario Draghi is to propose 'unlimited' bond buying in a bid to help resolve the eurozone sovereign debt crisis, according to reports.
Mario Draghi is to propose unlimited bond buying, according to reports.
``I feel that the government lack coordination.
The government lack coordination.
Swiss adventurer Yves Rossy has completed a flight over the Grand Canyon in his custom-built jet suit -- his first such flight in the United States.
Yves Rossy has completed a flight over the Grand Canyon.
A former professional rugby player who admitted filling his Renault Laguna car at petrol stations from Cork to Donegal without paying yesterday pleaded guilty to a further series of offences across Ireland.
A former professional rugby player pleaded guilty to a series of offences across Ireland.
Mr. Snow Miser who played, well the 'Snow Miser', on the hit Christmas television special, The Year Without a Santa Claus, discovered to his dismay that he has been put on the TSA's 'No Fly' list.
Snow Miser has been put on the TSA's ' No Fly ' list.
Today, Congressman Joe Donnelly applauded the groundbreaking of an expansion and renovation project at Grissom Aeroplex in Miami, Indiana, hosted by the Miami County Economic Development Council.
Joe Donnelly applauded the groundbreaking of an expansion and renovation project at Grissom Aeroplex.
The RSS feed for the Lesley Clark section on McClatchyDC.com has moved here as part of an upgrade to improve service.
The RSS feed has moved.
Police are appealing for witnesses following a fight in Blackburn that took place in the early hours of this morning.
Police are appealing for witnesses following a fight in Blackburn.
Rangers appointed administrators Duff and Phelps today following a court battle with Her Majesty's Revenue \u0026 Customs.
Rangers appointed administrators Duff.
Gangland widow Judy Moran has been found guilty of murdering her brother-in-law Des Moran.
Judy Moran has been found guilty of murdering.
US markets closed mixed Wednesday after Automatic Data Processing Inc. said 169,000 private jobs were lost October to November.
US markets closed mixed Wednesday.
Apparently, Rambo likes McCain, according a transcript released by the campaign.
Rambo likes McCain.
The Mariners finished the year 67-95 and last in the American League West Division again.
The Mariners finished the year and last again.
Phil Spector, the legendary music producer and convicted murderer, may share a jail with the notorious double-parent murderer Erik Menendez.
Phil Spector may share a jail with the murderer Erik Menendez.
``I can't miss a race; it's not acceptable,'' says Menard with a laugh.
I can't miss a race ; it's not acceptable.
The state is closing a Houston day care after an infant was abducted by an employee of the center earlier this month.
The state is closing a Houston day care.
Anil Kapoor to inaugurate his studio with the shoot of 24 By http://www.bollywoodlife.com Anil Kapoor's much talked about television show 24 is all set to go on floors on March 21 in his studio named Stage 21.
Anil Kapoor to inaugurate his studio with the shoot of 24 Anil Kapoor is set.
A Roseville man was sentenced Monday to three and a half years in prison for multiple counts of bank fraud, mail theft and conspiracy.
A Roseville man was sentenced for counts of bank fraud.
Three Proboscis monkeys are undergoing checkups ahead of being sent to Apenheul Primate Park in the Netherlands as part of an animal exchange to kick start a captive breeding programme.
Three Proboscis monkeys are undergoing checkups.
Election officials are set to recount votes Thursday in two outcomes from races in the July 31 Republican primary.
Election officials are set to recount votes Thursday.
Don Hewitt, longtime CBS News executive, who created the newsmagazine program ``60 Minutes'' and revolutionized TV journalism, has died on Wednesday at the age of 86.
Don Hewitt who created the program 60 Minutes, has died at the age of 86.
In order to improve efficiency and performance of power distribution companies in the country, the USAID with the assistance of DISCOs is introducing new modern mechanism of audit for DISCOs.
The USAID is introducing new modern mechanism of audit for DISCOs.
Iran has tested its new air defense system named ``Sayad-2''.
Iran has tested its new air defense system.
At Monday's school board meeting, trustees voted unanimously to extend Bauman's contract as superintendent for another year through June 30, 2015.
Trustees voted to extend Bauman's contract.
This is what's in the news for Thursday February 23, 2012.
What's in the news.
Grenada expects to receive a $1.9 million grant from Libya for public works projects as the north African country expands its interest in the eastern Caribbean.
Grenada expects to receive a $ 1.9 million grant from Libya for public works projects.
Maybank is hosting an investment forum in Kuala Lumpur tomorrow with the theme, ``Beyond the Global Crisis''.
Maybank is hosting an investment forum tomorrow.
Somebeachsomewhere, the season's top-rated pacer in harness racing, is skipping Thursday's Little Brown Jug at Ohio's Delaware County Fairgrounds.
Somebeachsomewhere is skipping Thursday's Little Brown Jug.
Justin Bieber who we all love...takes a trip to stamford bridge in his very own show This Is Justin Bieber...if you like please subscribe:)
Justin Bieber... takes a trip to stamford bridge.
Browns quarterback Brady Quinn will miss Cleveland's final two games with a foot injury.
Browns quarterback Brady Quinn will miss Cleveland's final two games.
The Arkansas unemployment rate fell five-tenths of a percentage point to 4.5 percent in July.
The Arkansas unemployment rate fell to 4.5 percent.
LITTLEROCK, Calif. About 250 homes in Littlerock were evacuated after a train carrying hazardous materials derailed Wednesday afternoon.
About 250 homes were evacuated after a train carrying hazardous materials derailed.
Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle on Monday passed over former staffer Robin Kelly to endorse state Sen. Toi Hutchinson in the 2nd Congressional District special election.
Toni Preckwinkle passed to endorse Toi Hutchinson.
Aretha Franklin has canceled two free concerts in Brooklyn next week because of an injury suffered on Sunday.
Aretha Franklin has canceled two free concerts in Brooklyn.
Residents who tried Wednesday to return to devastated Galveston, Texas less than a week after the city was hard hit by Hurricane Ike were turned away by authorities who said returning was not possible at the moment.
Residents who tried to return to Galveston, were turned away.
A federal judge on Thursday dismissed a $36 million lawsuit against a police officer accused of violating a Chatham man's civil rights by stopping and asking him for identification.
A judge dismissed a lawsuit against a police officer.
Alyaksandr Lukashenka described Emir Kusturica as a kindred spirit and invited him to cooperate with Belarus` cinematographers when meeting with the visiting world-famous filmmaker in Minsk on Tuesday, BelaPAN said.
Alyaksandr Lukashenka described Emir Kusturica and invited to cooperate with Belarus cinematographers.
A MAN has been charged following the attempted armed robbery of a Retford town centre shop.
A MAN has been charged following the armed robbery.
CVS/pharmacy announced today that it will provide H1N1 flu vaccinations at select store locations in Rhode Island by the end of this week.
CVS / pharmacy announced it will provide H1N1 flu vaccinations at select store locations in Rhode Island.
The A's fired a manager during the season for the first time in a quarter century yesterday, letting Geren go after four-plus seasons and bringing in former Arizona and Seattle skipper Bob Melvin for the rest of the season.
The A fired, letting Geren go.
Little Rock police are investigating the death of a toddler who was hospitalized in late November for a head injury.Police say 19-month-old Matthew Jermaine McFadden died December 1st, three days after he was brought to Arkansas Children's Hospital by ambulance.
Little Rock police are investigating the death of a toddler say.
Here's what's wrong with Windows 8 On ZDNet, Adrian Kingsley-Hughes gives his take.
Here's what's wrong with Windows 8.
Guinea, which was recently readmitted to AGOA program, says it hopes to benefit from the Millennium Challenge Account
Guinea hopes to benefit from the Millennium Challenge Account.
Eurozone industrial producer prices rose by 0.8 percent in November, compared to the previous month, the European Union 's statistics bureau Eurostat said Monday.
Eurozone producer prices rose by 0.8 percent in November.
``Parents need to be aware that children are not accessories,'' she said at a dialogue in Durban, according to a statement from her office.
Children are not accessories.
Corey Haim died in his mother's arms, a new interview reveals.
Corey Haim died in his mother's arms.
Bill Maher is skewering Kim Kardashian for a tweet she sent out following the reading of the Casey Anthony verdict.
Bill Maher is skewering Kim Kardashian.
A 26-year-old man has died after a car hit a railway bridge on the corner of Bucknell Road and Lords Lane in Bicester on Saturday morning.
A man has died after a car hit a railway bridge.
Ghaziabad, Feb 11 Two students of city-based institute were killed Wednesday when they fell into a deep gorge while trekking in Uttarakhand during a class trip, a college official said.
Ghaziabad, 11 Two students were killed they fell while trekking in Uttarakhand.
A senior official at rating agency Standard \u0026 Poor's said on Wednesday that global markets have already discounted a possible US ratings downgrade, and that Asian nations' ratings were generally on an uptrend despite global economic woes.
A official Standard \u0026 Poor said markets have discounted a possible US downgrade.
Beyoncé has launched a new Instagram account to go along with her other social media accounts on Twitter and Tumblr.
Beyoncé has launched a Instagram account.
Houston Astros ace Roy Oswalt threw a bullpen session prior to Wednesday afternoon's game against the Pittsburgh Pirates.
Roy Oswalt threw a bullpen session.
Manchester United midfielder Tom Cleverley has signed a new four year deal to take the youngster's current contract up to at least 2015.
Manchester United midfielder Tom Cleverley has signed a new deal.
A Goodwill Store in San Francisco's Castro District will employ only transgender individuals.
A Goodwill Store will employ transgender individuals.
Muslims celebrate Eid al Fitr at the end of Ramadan.
Muslims celebrate at the end of Ramadan.
Sigur Ros are set to perform for the Dalai Lama when he gives a public talk in Reykjavik next week.
Sigur Ros are set to perform for the Dalai Lama.
Skip to navigation '' Skip to content '' US US Video Americans still giving, despite economic meltdown Buzz Up IM del.icio.us Yahoo! Bookmarks By DONNA GORDON BLANKINSHIP, Associated Press Writer Donna Gordon Blankinship, Associated Press Writer -- 7 mins ago AP --
Americans still giving, despite economic meltdown Buzz Up IM del.icio.us.
A former US Ambassador to Nigeria, Mr. Walter Carrington will today deliver a public lecture titled ``Electoral Reform and Good Governance: Lessons for Nigeria'' as part of activities marking the first year in office of Governor Olusegun Mimiko of Ondo State.
Walter Carrington will deliver a lecture titled Electoral Reform.
BC-TV-David Letterman,0228 David Letterman marries longtime girlfriend Eds:
0228 David Letterman marries longtime girlfriend Eds.
A new study from Worcester State College in Massachusetts has revealed that our ancient human ancestors were poor climbers and they traded their ability of climbing trees for the power to walk on two legs.
Our ancestors were poor climbers.
The Huskies are hoping to end their two game slide, but they are going to be in tough.
The Huskies are hoping to end their two game slide.
But this week, as hail came down in between sunny breaks with gusty wind pushing the clouds out, many may be wondering, ``what's up with this weather?''
What's up with this weather.
LDR, a total spine solution company, announced they obtained approval in Japan to market their Easyspine posterior osteosynthesis system.
LDR announced they obtained approval in Japan to market their Easyspine posterior osteosynthesis system.
The South Korean government has threatened to shoot down a North Korean rocket due for launch in April.
The South Korean government has threatened to shoot down a North Korean rocket.
The Azerbaijani and Armenian presidents will meet in Europe by late November, Azerbaijani Foreign Minister Elmar Mammadyarov told media today.
The Azerbaijani and Armenian presidents will meet in Europe.
Swiss drug maker Roche has announced it is donating 5.65 million packs of its anti-viral medicine Tamiflu to the World Health Organization.
Roche is donating 5.65 million packs of its medicine Tamiflu.
VVS Laxman, who won many a match for India with his wristy elegance including an epic 281 against Australia in Kolkata, on Saturday announced his retirement from international cricket with immediate effect, bringing down the curtains on a glorious career spanning 16 years.
VVS Laxman announced his retirement from international cricket.
A Cornish town with a population of 22,000 is to apply for city status to mark the Queen's Diamond Jubilee.
A Cornish town is to apply for city status to mark the Queen's Diamond Jubilee.
A communique from the Indian government issued on Wednesday evening said that the Rashtrapati Nilayam at Bollaram will be opened for public viewing for the first time ever from January 1 to 10.
The Rashtrapati Nilayam will be opened for public viewing for the first time.
Hundreds of thousands of people around the world attended May Day rallies to defend workers' rights they say are under fresh attack from austerity measures, and to press for democratic reform.
Hundreds of thousands attended May Day rallies.
Anti-apartheid hero Nelson Mandela is in good health and good spirits, South Africa's ruling African National Congress said on Monday, in the first update on his condition since he was discharged from hospital in early April.
Nelson Mandela is in good health and good spirits.
The San Jose Mercury News is joining the growing number of US newspapers that have sold their headquarters as a way to get more modern office space and to save or make money.
The San Jose Mercury News have sold their headquarters.
The scrap dealer, who was exposed to radiation at his shop in a west Delhi industrial area, is in a critical condition with his bone marrow ``significantly'' suppressed, leading to deficiency of blood cells.
The scrap dealer, who was exposed to radiation, is in a critical condition.
US actress Scarlett Johansson has married actor Ryan Reynolds near the city of Vancouver, Canada, reports said Sunday.
Scarlett Johansson has married Ryan Reynolds.
French bank Credit Agricole said on Wednesday it would cut 500 posts at Calyon , its investment banking unit that has been badly hit by the global credit crunch.
Credit Agricole would cut 500 posts at Calyon.
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has bowed to the main shrine of the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia the Kursk Root Icon of the Mother of God.
Vladimir Putin has bowed to the main shrine of the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia.
The new contract on delivery of vehicles, which has not come into force yet, is more lucrative.
The new contract on delivery of vehicles is more lucrative.
Cheryl Cole has revealed that she is confident with her appearance and doesn't have a style icon.
Cheryl Cole is and doesn't have a style icon.
Khyber Pakhtunkhua Information Minister Mian Iftikhar Hussain on Thursday said that after failing to implement their format of Sharia, the militants now wanted to capture the parliament of Pakistan.
The militants wanted to capture the parliament.
A high school shop teacher accused of an improper relationship with a student faces new charges.
A teacher faces new charges.
Trade and Industry minister Rob Davies launched a new tax incentive in Pretoria on Monday which could see manufacturing businesses reduce their taxable income by as much as R900 million.
Rob Davies launched a new tax incentive.
Mass Maharaja Ravi Teja, Deeksha Seth and Richa Gangopadhyay starrer 'Mirapakay' that released as Sankranti special was a run away success.The film completed its 50 days in 114 screens across the state.
Mirapakay was completed its 50 days.
The DA on Friday condemned the arrest of two Sowetan journalists and called for an investigation into possible corruption at the Hillbrow police station.
The DA condemned the arrest of two journalists.
Shimla, March 15 It was literally BJP versus BJP in the Himachal Pradesh assembly Tuesday as one of the party's senior legislators blamed Chief Minister Prem Kumar Dhumal for the lack of development in his constituency.
Shimla, It was BJP versus BJP in the Himachal Pradesh assembly.
Stanley Fish argues that plagiarism is not a ``big moral deal'' because the taboo against passing off someone else's work as your own is just an arbitrary disciplinary convention.
Plagiarism is not a big moral deal.
On April 11th, 2012, the US Department of Energy announced a USD 30 million research competition for energy storage technologies.
The Department of Energy announced a USD 30 million research competition for storage technologies.
Cheney, who last visited Baghdad in May, made Iraq the first stop of his nine-day Middle East tour that will also take him to Saudi Arabia, Jerusalem, the Palestinian territories, Turkey and Oman.
Cheney, who visited, made Iraq the stop.
The Two day National seminar on the ``life and works of Sadat Hassan Manto'' organized by Centre for Professional Studies in Urdu in collaboration with National council for Promotion of Urdu language , New Delhi and Department of Urdu, University of Jammu concluded with valedictory function.
The seminar on the life and works of Sadat Hassan Manto concluded.
Kosmo! reported that a woman who was arrested for khalwat on her birthday with a Chinese man has pleaded not guilty at the Syariah High Court in Kangar.
A woman who was arrested for khalwat on her birthday with a Chinese man has pleaded.
Glen Johnson has returned from Belgrade and is preparing to play for Liverpool in their match against Manchester City on Saturday.
Glen Johnson has returned from Belgrade.
Families are being invited to make the most of the mini heatwave enveloping Elmbridge by splashing around over the next few days.
Families are being invited to make the most of the mini heatwave.
Rio Tinto expects a rise in diamond output this year but warns production will be flat in 2011.
Rio Tinto expects a rise in diamond output.
A Devon riding school and one of the largest Dartmoor pony studs in the country is celebrating its 40th anniversary this year.
A Devon riding school is celebrating its 40th anniversary this year.
Don Meredith, an NFL legend and Monday Night Football announcer, died due to brain hemorrhage at Santa Fe, NM, on Sunday.
Don Meredith, an NFL legend, died due to brain hemorrhage.
Carlos Delgado officially gave up Wednesday on coming back from a hip injury, announcing his retirement from baseball two years after he was sidelined with 473 career home runs.
Carlos Delgado officially gave up, announcing his retirement from baseball.
All 84 Ospreys in Iraq were temporarily grounded recently after it was discovered that some bolts had come loose.
All 84 Ospreys were temporarily grounded.
Emirates has dropped its fuel surcharges on all flights, but other airlines operating in New Zealand are unlikely to lower their fares just yet.
Emirates has dropped its surcharges.
She recently offered some advice to those hoping to make it in front of show judges Randy Jackson, Paula Abdul and Simon Cowell.
She offered some advice.
San Clemente-based Poptent, a firm which operates an online site which allows brands to source crowd-generated commercials, web videos, and other video content from users, has raised at least $3.0M in a recent funding, according to a regulatory filing by the firm Wednesday.
Poptent has raised $ 3.0M.
The Bay Area remembers 9/11, eleven years later.
The Bay Area remembers 9/11.
How long will Sachin Tendulkar prolong his illustrious career may be a matter of speculation for experts and fans alike, but the champion batsman says he just ``wants to live for the moment'' and enjoy the game without thinking too much about retirement.
He just wants to live for the moment.
Osama bin Laden has threatened Americans in a new audio tape, saying President Barack Obama inflamed hatred toward the US by ordering Pakistan to crack down on militants in Swat Valley and block Islamic law in the area.Bin Laden claimed US pressure led to a campaign of ``killing, fighting, bombing and destruction'' that prompted the exodus of a million Muslims from Swat Valley in northwest Pakistan.
Osama bin Laden has threatened Americans in a new tape.
US President Barack Obama has warned that nuclear North Korea is a ``grave threat'' and said he would not tolerate the Stalinist state's provocative strategy of extracting rewards with belligerent behavior.
Barack Obama has warned North Korea is a grave threat.
Watermere at Southlake, Southlake's newest master-planned development for homeowners 55-plus, is set to welcome Pat Summerall, the signature voice of sports broadcasting in America, for a talk and book signing, where he will give intimate access into his extraordinary life and discuss his new book, Summerall:
Watermere at Southlake is set to welcome Pat Summerall.
Seymour Superintendent of Schools MaryAnne Mascolo has apologized for bashing local residents who applied for jobs as lazy liars whose work was shabby.
Superintendent has apologized for bashing residents.
A Russian arms dealer accused of breaking UN arms embargoes by supplying weapons to African war zones was arrested Thursday in Bangkok, Thai police said.
A Russian arms dealer was arrested, Thai police said.
Tallinn - A transport plane made an emergency landing Thursday on a frozen lake close to the Estonian capital, Tallinn, reported the Baltic News Service.
Plane made an emergency landing on a frozen lake.
Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani has promised to respond aggressively if attacked but reassured India on Friday that Pakistan would not strike first.
Pakistan would not strike first.
A Crystal Lake man was transported via helicopter after a morning crash closed Route 62 in Barrington Hills for about two hours.
A man was transported via helicopter after a crash closed.
CHICAGO President-elect Barack Obama and the soon-to-be first family handed out food to the needy at a Chicago church on the day before Thanksgiving.
Barack Obama and the family handed out food at a Chicago church.
Kollywood has created a new record with 150 Tamil releases, the highest in the history of Tamil films.
Kollywood has created a new record.
The injury-depleted Bills claimed Incognito off waivers on Wednesday a day after the player was released by the Rams, according to a person familiar with the move, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the team had not made an announcement.
The Bills claimed Incognito off waivers.
A family of failed asylum seekers living in Newcastle are to be deported to Nigeria, a pressure group has said.
A family of failed asylum seekers are to be deported.
The US stock market rose on Friday as US inflation data showed prices rising in line with traders' expectations.
The US stock market rose.
The government has said it will ban the payment of referral fees in personal injury cases as the current arrangements had led to high costs, encouraged a compensation culture and led to the growth of an industry which pursued claimants for profit.
It will ban the payment of referral fees.
Hungary ``has in fact gone bankrupt'', Viktor Orban, leader of the main opposition Fidesz party, said in his traditional state-of-the-nation speech held in Budapest on Friday.
Hungary has gone bankrupt, Viktor Orban said.
The Dodgers and Time Warner Cable formally announced plans Monday for a regional sports network that will carry Dodger games and other team-related programming starting in 2014.
The Dodgers announced plans for a regional sports network.
Elcoteq SE Stock Exchange Release October 2, 2009, at 9.30 am Elcoteq has signed a non-binding Letter of Intent with Videocon Industries Limited, granting the authority to negotiate and finalize a potential Definitive Transaction Agreement.
Elcoteq has signed a Letter of Intent with Videocon Industries Limited.
Contact lenses are becoming less expensive to buy thanks to technological breakthroughs in the field and the cheaper option of buying them online, it has been claimed.
Contact lenses are becoming less expensive to buy.
Freshman TJ Warren had season-highs of 31 points and 13 rebounds to help North Carolina State beat Florida State 84-66 on Tuesday night.
North Carolina State beat Florida State 84 66.
The Grand in Wilmington announces four shows just added to its 2008-09 season.
The Grand announces four shows added.
Red Line trains have resumed normal service after being rerouted Tuesday night after unfounded reports of smoke in subway in the South Loop.
Red Line trains have resumed after being rerouted after reports of smoke in subway.
Kent Babb of the Kansas City Star reports that Haley considered resigning in private conversations as recently as last week.
Haley considered resigning recently as last week.
Cambodia has suspended marriages between South Koreans and its citizens to curb human trafficking, the foreign ministry said Friday.
Cambodia has suspended marriages between South Koreans.
India eves managed a 1-1 draw against Scotland in the Pool A hockey match of the Commonwealth Games here on Monday.
India eves managed a draw against Scotland in the hockey match.
Jet engine maker Pratt \u0026 Whitney Canada said Wednesday it will lay off up to 1,000 workers in response to falling business jet orders.
Pratt \u0026 Whitney Canada said it will lay off up to 1,000 workers.
A Trenton man died Friday from injuries he received when he was struck by a vehicle in Gilchrist County last month, the Florida Highway Patrol reported.
A Trenton man died from injuries he received he was struck by a vehicle.
An Ohio landlord charged with whipping an adult tenant with a belt on his bare buttocks for falling behind on his rent has been accused of whipping another man with a belt and a paddle.
An Ohio landlord has been accused of whipping another man with a belt and a paddle.
Friendly Fires are set to curate a 'We Love Art' party in Paris tomorrow night.
Friendly Fires are set to curate in Paris night.
Authorities are trying to determine why a skydiver's parachute failed to function properly, leading to his death.
A skydiver's parachute failed.
Producer Yoshinori Kitase and director Motomu Toriyama have said in Dengeki Magazine this week that Final Fantasy XIII-2 will feature a much darker story than that seen in FFXIII.
Final Fantasy XIII-2 will feature a darker story.
Soldiers from the 13 Brigade of the Nigerian Army may storm the Bakassi resettlement camp again if the militants, who returned there after their eviction a fortnight ago, do not leave.
Soldiers may storm the Bakassi resettlement camp again.
The childhood homes of John Lennon and Paul McCartney will be preserved under a new ruling in the UK, it has emerged.
The childhood homes of John Lennon and Paul McCartney will be preserved.
Two Colombian engineers nearly halfway around the globe from their homeland, until recently the world's kidnapping capital, were kidnapped by a tribe in northeast Yemen Friday.
Two Colombian engineers were kidnapped in Yemen.
He further adds that the crisis in the US, in the rest of the West and in Europe will get substantially worse.
The crisis in the US, and in Europe will get worse.
Vice President and Prime Minister of UAE and Ruler of Dubai His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum and His Highness Sheikh Saud bin Saqr Al Qasimi, Supreme Council Member and Ruler of Ras al Khaimah, received cables of condolence from Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Jailani.
President His Highness received cables of condolence.
Garbage in the areas of Buġibba and Qawra will now be collected after 08.30h after many protests that were made by the residents, restaurant and bar owners following a decision taken by the St Paul's Bay Local to collect the garbage after midnight.
Garbage in the areas of Buġibba and Qawra will be collected after 08.30h.
An Evansville man is accused of pressing a loaded gun to a relative's head during an argument over the heavy storms that moved through the region Tuesday.
An man is accused of pressing a gun to a relative's head.
The Flyers on Wednesday waived goaltender Brian Boucher and defenseman Andreas Lilja.
The Flyers waived Brian Boucher and Andreas Lilja.
David Arquette Reveals He And Courteney Cox Didn't Have A Prenup AND She's Worth $100 Million!
David Arquette Reveals AND And Courteney Cox 's.
China didn't produce any refined sugar in July, according to data released by the National Bureau of Statistics Thursday.
China didn't produce any refined sugar in July.
With an increasing number of hotel developments under way, a renewed focus on niche attractions and a spate of new regulations to legislate and encourage sustainable growth, officials in Algeria are hard at work bolstering the underdeveloped tourism sector's potential.
Officials in Algeria are at work bolstering the underdeveloped tourism sector's potential.
Marlins catcher Ronny Paulino was suspended for 50 games Friday after he tested positive for a performance-enhancing substance under Major League Baseball's drug policy.
Marlins catcher Ronny Paulino was suspended for 50 games.
Swansea defender Alan Tate admits he feared his career was over when he broke his leg in a freak golf buggy accident last August.
Alan Tate feared his career was.
Bulgarian Transport Minister Alexander Tsvetkov resigned on May 18, the news being announced by Prime Minister Boiko Borissov during the weekly scheduled Government meeting.
Bulgarian Minister Alexander Tsvetkov resigned.
Lebanese soldiers stand on their military vehicle, as they close the way to public transportation drivers striking against the increase of fuel prices and the lack of support from the government, in Sidon southern Lebanon, April 26, 2012.
Soldiers stand on their military vehicle, as they close the way to public transportation drivers, in Sidon Lebanon.
The New York leg of the Bicycle Film Festival starts today and runs through June 21 with five days of bike events--with parties, block parties, rock shows, art shows and, of course, the screenings.
The leg of the Bicycle Film Festival starts today.
James Toseland fell at the Sachsenring in the morning free practice session for the German GP.
James Toseland fell at the Sachsenring.
Google acquisition could continue, Red Bend sues Google, and anonymous blogging has limits.
Acquisition could continue, Red Bend sues Google.
The American Heart Association held its annual heart walk in Sioux Falls Saturday.
The American Heart Association held its walk.
The Central Texas unemployment rate jumped to 6.4 percent in January, up from 4 percent a year ago and 5.2 percent in December, as the deepening recession wiped out more jobs.
The Central Texas unemployment rate jumped in January.
Musicians from the internationally-acclaimed Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra will perform in Minsk on 2 October as part of the 7th International Yuri Bashmet Festival and the German Weeks, BelTA learnt from the Embassy of Germany in Belarus.
Musicians from the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra will perform in Minsk.
Cabinet has approved the national evaluation framework, government spokesman Jimmy Manyi said on Thursday.
Cabinet has approved the evaluation framework.
Arrest warrants have been issued for two Fort St. John men, after a brutal assault on July 3rd.
Arrest warrants have been issued for two Fort St. John men.
A Saudi company has stolen mechanic equipment estimated at 30 millions AD, owned by an Algerian entrepreneur in Annaba eastern province.
A Saudi company has stolen mechanic equipment estimated at 30 AD, owned by an Algerian entrepreneur in Annaba province.
A technical problem in a Perry County courtroom causes a delay in a murder trial.
A technical problem causes a delay in a murder trial.
Allocate Software has launched new product branding across its core workforce management, governance, risk and compliance healthcare services.
Allocate Software has launched new product branding.
Variety reports that Eastwood has agreed to direct and star in Gran Torino, a just-announced Warner Bros./Village Roadshow film being targeted for a December release...and that's about all we know, actually.
Eastwood has agreed to direct and star in Gran Torino.
An Oakland man was arraigned Thursday on charges he molested a Novato girl for several years beginning at age 11, authorities said.
An Oakland man was arraigned on charges he molested a Novato girl.
Pakistan should strike back at ``terrorism'' or it will see more attacks like the one that killed Pakistan's former prime minister Benazir Bhutto, United States Homeland Security head Michael Chertoff said on Monday.
Pakistan should strike back at terrorism.
Trayvon Martin murder suspect George Zimmerman has a new website that's been launched by his defense attorney.
George Zimmerman has a new website.
A MAN was today jailed for life for slashing a woman's throat with a kitchen knife.
A MAN was today jailed for slashing a woman's throat.
The Tim Tebow concussion watch continues, with new footage surfacing where you can actually see the real kicker on the hit, the second collision with Marcus Gilbert's knee hitting Tebow's head.
The Tim Tebow concussion watch continues.
``For all intents and purposes, this is a brand new school,'' principal Mr David Austin said.
This is a brand new school.
Singapore is set to overtake Las Vegas as the world's second-largest gaming hub this year, a US gaming industry head said on Tuesday, as Asia cements its place as a major betting market.
Singapore is set to overtake Las Vegas this year.
Police in Greensboro are looking for a suspect in a fraud case that happened near West Lee Street last month.
Police are looking for a suspect in a fraud case.
A shepherd from the Altai village Kyrlyk claims moral damage compensation from Russian Space Agency for a fragment of a rocket launched from Baikonur cosmodrome that fell on his stockyard on February 5, 2008.
A shepherd from the village Kyrlyk claims compensation from Russian Space Agency.
Red Sox acquired Mike Aviles from the Royals in exchange for INF Yamaico Navarro and RHP Kendal Volz.
Red Sox acquired Mike Aviles from the Royals.
Sanaa, Apr 15 Embattled Yemenese president Ali Abdullah Saleh stood defiant refusing to step down as country''s influential tribals and religious leaders served him an ultimatum to ``quit immediately'' while pro-democracy activists launched a civil disobedience campaign in Yemen.
Defiant refusing s tribals and leaders served Ali Abdullah Saleh an ultimatum to quit.
Ken Hodges, twelve-year District Attorney for Dougherty County, qualified this morning to run for Attorney General as the only Democratic candidate with the law enforcement experience required of Georgia's chief law enforcement officer.
Ken Hodges qualified to run for Attorney General.
A 24-year-old man was killed Saturday night in a motorcycle crash in Beckham County.
A man was killed in a motorcycle crash in Beckham County.
Drunkards, caught consuming alcohol in a car, misbehaved with news channel anchor Devesh Vashisht when he implored them to quit.
Drunkards misbehaved with news channel anchor Devesh Vashisht.
CAROL Vorderman reveals she is haunted by regret that her last marriage came to an end 12 years ago.
CAROL Vorderman is haunted by regret her last marriage came.
Governmor Tim Pawlenty is bound for a security conference in Germany with a delegation that includes members of Congress, military and security officials and others.
Tim Pawlenty is bound for a security conference in Germany.
THE US embassy in Islamabad has denied claims that NATO soldiers in Afghanistan fired mortars across the Pakistan border, killing at least three people.
NATO soldiers fired mortars across the Pakistan border.
A large cache of explosives and toxic chemicals found in an Escondido home is still there, a week after it was found.
A cache of explosives and chemicals found in an Escondido home is.
Ogemaw County Clerk Gary Klacking said voter turnout in the county was lower than he expected for the Aug. 7 primary election.
Voter turnout was lower than Gary Klacking expected for the primary election.
Hyundai is to build hydrogen fuel cell cars and offer them on lease by the end of this year, staking its claim to leadership in a promising but challenging future technology to which its rival Toyota is also deepening its commitment.
Hyundai is to build fuel cell cars.
In its national report card released today, the Sierra Club gave the Washington state delegation five As, three Fs and one C.
The Sierra Club gave the Washington state delegation five As, three Fs and one C..
Significant rain is needed in the next few weeks to prevent yield loss in crops, according to ADAS's Susan Twining.
Significant rain is needed to prevent yield loss.
Southern Utah University will get $1 million for its new science building from a private foundation.
Southern Utah University will get $ for its new science building.
India wants a clean waiver in the NSG, a top Indian official said Friday.
India wants a clean waiver in the NSG.
Saints Helens panic half back Kyle Eastmond might have missed the rest of the season after suffering ankle injury.
Half Kyle Eastmond might have missed the rest of the season.
The 20-month-old baby, who had scald marks and bruises on his body, died of suffocation due to lack of oxygen, Ampang Jaya police chief ACP Amiruddin Jamaluddin said.
The baby died of suffocation due to lack of oxygen.
A new study suggests that human papillomavirus infection in women at or after menopause may represent an infection acquired years ago, and that HPV infections may exist below limits of detection after one to two years, similar to other viruses, such as varicella zoster, which can cause shingles.
Human papillomavirus infection in women at or after menopause may represent an infection acquired years ago.
Tottenham Hotspur manager Harry Redknapp has had successful minor heart surgery and is due to be discharged from hospital in the next 48 hours, the Premier League club said yesterday.
Harry Redknapp has had successful minor heart surgery.
Ladies retailer Talbots posted a narrower first quarter loss today, of $7.1 million, or $0.12 per share, compared to a loss of $18.8 million, or $0.35 per share, in the same quarter last year.
Talbots posted a narrower loss.
Alexei Cherepanov, a former first-round draft pick of the NHL's New York Rangers, died Monday during a game in Russia.
Alexei Cherepanov died during a game.
The 12 X Factor finalists have been chosen and already the judges' choices have split the country in two.
The 12 X Factor finalists have been chosen.
Panaji, Dec 17 Goa Tourism Minister Mickky Pacheco Thursday told the legislative assembly that the state home ministry was bringing Goa a bad name, triggering a verbal battle between him and Home Minister Ravi Naik.
The home ministry was bringing Goa a bad name.
Rochdale winger Kallum Higginbotham will join Falkirk on July 1 when his contract at Spotland expires.
Kallum Higginbotham will join Falkirk.
Against the backdrop of a steadily improving domestic economy, the Bank of Montreal reported a nearly threefold jump in profit for the first quarter, handily beating analyst estimates.
The Bank of Montreal reported a threefold jump in profit for the first quarter.
The Bihar election has written a new story, Janata Dal-United leader Nitish Kumar said Wednesday as he prepared for a second stint as chief minister with voters sweeping his alliance with the Bharatiya Janata Party back to power.
The Bihar election has written a new story.
If the congressional ``super committee'' does not reach a deficit reduction deal by Wednesday's legally mandated deadline, I propose we take a page from the NBA owners and lock Congress out.
We take and lock Congress.
Everton midfielder Jack Rodwell has warned Liverpool to expect a backlash in Saturday's Merseyside derby.
Everton midfielder Jack Rodwell has warned Liverpool.
Mumbai, India - After a successful pilot in the state of Maharashtra, Nokia today announced the commercial launch of its pioneering Nokia Life Tools service in India.
Mumbai, India, Nokia today announced the launch.
Samsung announced today that it has become the first company to begin mass production of transparent LCD panels.
Samsung has become the company to begin mass production of transparent LCD panels.
SCI is planning to open a new tablet and capsule packaging facility as well as the high potency compounding and filling area for oral liquids utilising barrier isolator systems.
SCI is planning to open a tablet and capsule packaging facility.
URS Corporation will host a conference call on Thursday, November 6, 2008 at 11:00 am, to discuss its 2008 third quarter results.
URS Corporation will host a conference call, to discuss its 2008 third quarter results.
Chief, an industry leader in mounts, racks and interactive solutions, announces plans to release a new Fusion® Series mobile video wall cart this spring.
Chief, announces plans to release a new mobile video wall cart.
AP-MTDairy Queen robbery, 1st Ld-Writethru,0120 Dairy Queen, casino robbed Eds:
Queen robbery, casino robbed Eds.
Jonny Evans has officially signed a new four-year year contract at Manchester United, Sir Alex Ferguson has confirmed.
Jonny Evans has signed a new contract at Manchester United, Alex Ferguson has confirmed.
US President Barack Obama praised his outgoing Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in a joint CBS television interview aired on Sunday, but tactfully sidestepped questions about the possibility of his rival in the 2008 presidential race running for the top post in 2016.
Barack Obama praised his Hillary Clinton in a joint interview.
Candlelight vigils were held in Agawam and Chicopee to honor the victims at Sandy Hook Elementary School.
Candlelight vigils were held in Agawam and Chicopee.
Biomet recently announced fourth quarter and fiscal year 2010 preliminary net sales results and it shows an increase of net sales by 10 percent.
Biomet announced fourth quarter 2010 results.
Kelsey Grammer, of the sitcom, Frasier, has suffered a mild heart attack during the weekend, in Hawaii.
Kelsey Grammer Frasier, has suffered a heart attack.
Lebanese officials say 12 Israeli warplanes have violated Lebanese airspace in less than 24 hours, flying low in several sorties over southern Lebanon.
12 Israeli warplanes have violated Lebanese airspace.
Earlier we reported about Alexis Arguello Found Dead and today headlines confirm that Arturo Gatti was also found dead.
Arturo Gatti was found dead.
Miami Dolphins linebacker Channing Crowder didn't practice today to visit a doctor to address his groin injury.
Channing Crowder didn't practice today to visit to address his groin injury.
Sources familiar with the matter confirm that Hearst-owned digital agency iCrossing has cut some staff in its New York headquarters.
ICrossing has cut some staff.
Workers are rushing to finish a new sign at Sports Authority Field at Mile High.
Workers are rushing to finish a new sign at Sports Authority Field.
President Asif Ali Zardari on Monday returned to Pakistan from Dubai, where he had gone almost a fortnight ago to seek treatment for a heart condition,triggering rampant speculation that he might be on the verge of resigning.
Asif Ali Zardari returned to Pakistan.
Rahul Mohindar of Viratechindia is of the view that Suzlon Energy has target of Rs 85-90.
Suzlon Energy has target of Rs 85 90.
A man was fatally hit by a car after he crashed his pickup truck on a freeway, investigators said.
A man was fatally hit by a car after he crashed.
KRYSTIAN Pearce is close to earning an extended contract at Notts County, and the Magpies' manager Craig Short will be pleased when the former England youth international is tied down to a longer-term deal.
KRYSTIAN Pearce is close to earning an extended contract at Notts County.
With their second album, 'Ternion' set for release in January and an intimate show in December at The Garage selling out in minutes, We Have Band have announced full details of their upcoming 2012 UK tour.
Band have announced details of their 2012 UK tour.
Best-selling US author Michael Crichton, who wrote such novels as ``The Andromeda Strain'' and ``Jurassic Park'' and created the popular TV drama ``ER,'' has died unexpectedly of cancer at age 66, his family said on Wednesday.
Michael Crichton has died at age 66.
VOTING should be made compulsory in order to dramatically increase the falling electoral turnouts in Northern Ireland, the Ulster Unionist Party has said.
VOTING should be made compulsory.
A morning crash today, June 30, sent a motorcyclist to a local hospital, according to Middletown police.
A crash sent a motorcyclist to a hospital.
Israeli soldiers invaded, overnight, several areas near the northern West Bank city of Jenin, and conducted military training in a number of villages while military helicopters flew overhead, local sources reported.
Soldiers invaded several areas near the city of Jenin.
India needs to churn out more entrepreneurs if it wants to grow at a faster pace of 10 percent, says Ashank Desai, one of the key authors of India's IT success story.
India needs to churn out more entrepreneurs.
The number of newly initiated liquidation procedures against domestic companies increased by 32% y/y to 1,292 in July, company data provider OPTEN informed.
The number of liquidation procedures increased by 32% y / y in July.
Fresh from her sold-out headlining run in Coco in San Francisco, cabaret legend Andrea Marcovicci returns to LYRICS \u0026 LYRICISTS™ with an evening of gems from the post-1965 repertoire to refute the notion that rock 'n' roll killed the art of songwriting.
Andrea Marcovicci returns to LYRICS \u0026 LYRICISTS ™.
The ICC has promised prompt and decisive action if there's proof of spot-fixing by Pakistan players.
The ICC has promised prompt action.
Abercrombie \u0026 Fitch will close its Tupelo store this month, as part of a corporate initiative to rid the chain of underperforming stores.
Abercrombie \u0026 Fitch will close its Tupelo store.
ATHENS A general strike gripped Greece on Tuesday to warn against ever deeper austerity measures being demanded with increasing urgency by the EU as part of a debt rescue deal with banks.
General strike gripped Greece to warn against austerity measures.
Jerry Sandusky's lawyers argued Thursday that he deserves a new trial because his defense lacked sufficient time to prepare for the first one, but the judge did not immediately rule after an hour-and-a-half hearing.
Jerry Sandusky's lawyers argued he deserves a new trial.
Fidelity Bank has opened a new Sterling branch and expanded its mortgage division into the area.
Fidelity Bank has opened a Sterling branch.
Street restoration and repair work is to begin today on Hancock Street, Prospect Street and the alley by Tilden Street.
Street restoration work is to begin today.
North Korea Saturday reconnected cross-border military phone lines and reopened the border for South Koreans visiting an industrial complex, the Unification Ministry here said.
North Korea Saturday reconnected military phone lines.
A gun store owner was abducted in Lanao del Norte on Saturday, police said.
A gun store owner was abducted in Lanao del Norte.
A New Jersey guitarist who has played with Jon Bon Jovi and Bruce Springsteen is coming to Sutton.
A guitarist who has played with Jon Bon Jovi and Bruce Springsteen is coming to Sutton.
A man who watched his wife stab his son and then lied to doctors about the injuries learns his sentence Friday.
Who watched his wife stab his son.
Ciena Corp. has placed an offer to purchase the optical networking business of Nortel Networks Corp. for appx.
Ciena Corp. has placed an offer to purchase for appx.
A penalty deep into injury time salvaged a point for Bungay on Saturday and extended their unbeaten run in the Anglian Combination Division One to seven games.
A penalty deep salvaged a point.
Former New Zealand fast bowler Simon Doull has picked Sri Lanka and India as top two favourites to lift the World Cup, starting February 19 in the Indian subcontinent.
Simon Doull has picked Sri Lanka and India as top two favourites to lift the World Cup.
Though the employment report released Friday was worse than expected, President Obama said the economy will come back stronger and announced a plan to hire veterans returning from Iraq and Afghanistan.
Obama said the economy will come back stronger.
Sacramento Regional Transit on Thursday announced the deepest service cuts in the agency's history to meet a $25 million budget shortfall.
Sacramento Regional Transit announced the deepest service cuts.
Mario saved himself from eviction from the Big Brother house for the second week running after winning a memory task.
Mario saved from eviction.
The Cantometer index showed activity in the Canterbury region lifted significantly last month, from 0.2 to 0.5, suggesting activity is now firmly above pre-earthquake levels.
The Cantometer index showed activity lifted.
Lisa Marie Presley recorded at Sun Studio over the weekend, and met with fans and media Monday in advance of her new album's launch.
Lisa Marie Presley recorded at Sun Studio.
New data published in Stroke indicate that regular physical activity reduced the risk for vascular-related dementia by 40% and cognitive impairment of any etiology by 60% in older, non-disabled adults.
Physical activity reduced the risk for dementia by 40% and cognitive impairment.
Notre Dame football players were pelted by snowballs from fans sitting in the student section during their game against Syracuse on Saturday.
Notre Dame players were pelted by snowballs.
Allen Iverson has signed a $4 million, two-year contract with Turkish club Besiktas.
Allen Iverson has signed a, contract with Besiktas.
A 28-year-old man was seriously injured in a crash after the driver rolled through a stop sign and into the path of an oncoming vehicle.
A man was seriously injured after the driver rolled through a stop sign.
The newly combined satellite radio firm Sirius XM is facing $1 billion in debt next year, and it is going to have to raise funds either through financing or issuing more stock.
The firm Sirius XM is facing $ 1 billion in debt.
A WALTHAMSTOW flat became a DIY bomb factory as eight would-be terrorists plotted to blow up aeroplanes, a court heard.
A WALTHAMSTOW flat became a DIY bomb factory.
Flavor Flav court date moved for Public Enemy Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction Flavor Flav has a new court date in Las Vegas that doesn't interfere with his induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Flav court date moved for Public Enemy Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction Flavor Flav.
Vanessa Crone and Paul Poirier won the ice dance title at the Canadian Figure Skating Championships here on Sunday by capturing the free dance routine.
Vanessa Crone and Paul Poirier won the ice dance title.
Pakistan discard Imran Nazir has lost much of his life savings in a fake investment scheme, masterminded by a group of his friends.
Imran Nazir has lost much of his life savings in a fake investment scheme.
Amidst receding inflation, industry body CII has asked the Reserve Bank to further cut key policy rates, including short-term lending rate by 1.5 per cent, to spur economic growth.
CII has asked the Reserve Bank to cut key policy rates to spur economic growth.
The Cuban President Raul Castro met Sunday with Spanish former foreign minister Miguel Angel Moratinos, deputy of the Spanish Workers Socialist Party, in Havana, Granma newspaper reported.
The Raul Castro met with Spanish minister Miguel Angel Moratinos, deputy.
David Mellor told the Leveson Inquiry that former Conservative Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher was a ``soulmate'' for media tycoon Rupert Murdoch.
Margaret Thatcher was a soulmate for Rupert Murdoch.
American Space Agency detected storms antimatter in space from Earth, a phenomenon never seen before, with the help of gamma-ray space telescope Fermi.
American Space Agency detected storms antimatter.
Chief of Army Staff General Ashfaq Parvez Kayani has said that the Army enjoyed public support, and added that the military is ready to meet any threat.
The Army enjoyed public support.
Five Jewish settlers harassed Tuesday a Palestinian family walking home, then beat and robbed two internationals who accompanied them, in the South Hebron Hills of the West Bank.
Five settlers harassed a Palestinian family, beat and robbed two internationals.
Australian Casey Stoner will miss the next three MotoGP races to give him the chance to get back to full fitness, Ducati team director Livio Suppo said on Tuesday.
Casey Stoner will miss the next three MotoGP races.
The LSU basketball team, 2-0 in Southeastern Conference play, visits No. 13 Kentucky at 3 pm today at Rupp Arena in Lexington, Ky., and the Tigers have the better league record.
The LSU team visits Kentucky today.
A new Led Zeppelin app has been released and is available now for the iPhone and iPad.
A new Led Zeppelin app has been released.
``All I want for my birthday is for Tim Tebow to dance on Dancing with the Stars,'' she said Saturday, not long after Tebow and his Broncos team were ousted from the NFL playoffs by Tom Brady and his Patriots.
All I want is for Tim Tebow to dance on Dancing with the Stars.
The FTSE 100 closed lower again despite an afternoon rally but remains over the psychological important 4,000 mark.
The FTSE 100 closed lower.
Harley-Davidson Inc. said today it will cut 1,100 jobs over two years, close some facilities and consolidate others as it grapples with a slowdown in motorcycle sales.
It will cut 1,100 jobs.
Heavy Metal giant Ronnie James Dio passed away on Monday at the age...
Heavy Metal giant Ronnie James Dio passed away.
As announced, Verizon has launched the first LTE network on the market.
Verizon has launched the LTE network.
Arctic states are meeting on Monday in Chelsea, Quebec to try to bolster cooperation in the region amid concerns of a military build-up and opposition to tapping its resource riches.
Arctic states are meeting.
A San Jose man in his early 20s who was kidnapped from a Hayward motel, beaten and left for dead near a reservoir last weekend remained hospitalized today, according to a police sergeant.
A San Jose man who was kidnapped, beaten and left for dead remained.
A series of storms moves into the region from the Pacific this evening, bringing wet weather that's expected to douse the area for days.
A series of storms moves into the region, bringing wet weather.
Los Angeles, Dec 7 Flamboyant British entrepreneur Richard Branson Monday unveiled the world's first commercial spaceship, saying it heralded a new age in travel.
Entrepreneur Monday unveiled the world's first commercial spaceship.
Cody Lundin, an expert of survival in challenging environment has come with a masterful yet unimaginative title show, 'Dual Survival' that premiered on Discovery Channel this Friday.
Cody Lundin, has come with a show, Dual Survival.
In a sign of New Jersey GOP Gov. Chris Christie's strength heading into his 2013 reelection, he's won over Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg.
He's won over Mark Zuckerberg.
A man died after being shot in the head at his Madison home.
A man died after being shot in the head.
SAINTS star Lee Barnard has had his bail extended again after being arrested over a fight in a Southampton bar.
SAINTS star Lee Barnard has had his bail extended again.
Overseas Indian Affairs Minister Vayalar Ravi will visit Saudi Arabia to convey India's apprehension about possible job losses to Indians due to implementation of a new labour drive --
Indian Affairs Minister Vayalar Ravi will visit Saudi Arabia.
Who's Got Next is a weekly look at some of the top players widely available on the waiver wires to help you in the week ahead.
Who's Got Next is.
Gov. Susana Martinez, who was sworn into office on Jan. 1, said she will cut nearly $200,000 per year in ``wasteful spending'' at the governor's mansion in Santa Fe.
Susana Martinez will cut in spending at the governor's mansion.
The body of a man pulled from Staunton River in southern Campbell County early Sunday morning has been identified.
The body pulled from Staunton River in Campbell County morning has been identified.
After almost a week of increasing tension between settler representatives and government officials, the Habayit Hayehudi party called Thursday evening on the National Union party to renew their historic political alliance.
The Habayit Hayehudi party called on the National Union party to renew their political alliance.
The United States has said the ``significant'' statement by India affirming its commitment to efforts of non-proliferation has given a positive momentum to talks by the 45-member Nuclear Suppliers Group.
The statement by India has given a momentum to talks.
A panel of experts has suggested meat and milk from cloned cows is safe for consumption.
Meat and milk from cloned cows is safe for consumption.
PNM Resources management will meet with analysts and investors this week.
PNM Resources management will meet with analysts and investors.
When ambulanceman Nick Horobin lost an eye in an attack eight years ago it looked as if his work as a carer was over.
Nick Horobin lost an eye in an attack.
BY the barest of margins, less a bob of a head than twitch of a nostril, Dunaden has won the Melbourne Cup.
Dunaden has won the Melbourne Cup.
IBM on September 19 officially announced that registration for the fourth annual ``Master the Mainframe'' competition is underway.
IBM announced registration for the fourth annual Master the Mainframe competition is.
Now the editor-in-chief of Science, the journal that published the original research article, says that finding is ``now seriously in question,'' leaving the patients to ask, if chronic fatigue is not caused by a virus, what does?
The editor says, leaving to ask, if chronic fatigue is not caused by a virus, what does.
A new cultural center will open in Kiryat Arba on Monday night.
A new cultural center will open in Kiryat Arba.
Salman Khurshid may be in the eye of a storm over his Muslim sub-quota remarks, but the unflappable law minister believes it's not wrong to talk about the minority quota, a constitutional guarantee.
It's not wrong to talk about the minority quota.
Senator Oluremi Tinubu has advised the electorate to vote in only progressive-minded leaders in 2015.
Oluremi Tinubu has advised the electorate to vote in 2015.
Fujitsu Laboratories Ltd. said Monday it has developed technology to accurately measure people's skin tones using a smartphone camera, giving cosmetics makers a new tool to boost online sales.
Fujitsu Laboratories Ltd. has developed technology to measure people's skin tones using a smartphone camera.
WellCare Health Plans Inc. said Thursday that it swung to a fourth-quarter profit of $11.1 million, or 26 cents a share, from a loss of $31.1 million, or 75 cents a share, a year earlier.
WellCare Health Plans Inc. swung to a profit.
Global marketing communications agency JWT has agreed to acquire a majority stake in Hungama Digital Services, India's leading digital agency, a move that significantly adds to JWT's digital offerings in this critical, high-growth market.
JWT has agreed to acquire a majority stake in Hungama Digital Services.
BENGHAZI, LIBYA // Tribal leaders and militia commanders declared a semi-autonomous region in oil-rich eastern Libya today, a move opponents fear will be the first step toward outright dividing the country six months after the fall of Muammar Qaddafi.
BENGHAZI Tribal leaders declared a semi-autonomous region in eastern Libya.
The National Railway Museum and Bachmann Europe Plc are offering modellers a helping hand during the credit crunch by offering them the chance to buy the latest limited edition boxed set model in the NRM-branded series in instalments.
The National Railway Museum are offering modellers a helping hand.
CE Mac Evoy has published God Gives You the Lesson...
God Gives the Lesson.
The Asia-Pacific IT industry is entering a 'nexus of forces', where the integration of big data, cloud computing, social collaboration and mobile technologies will drive innovation and new business models in the region, according to Gartner.
The IT industry is entering a nexus of forces.
Toyota Motor Corporation resumed production at all its Japanese manufacturing plants for the first time since the earthquake and tsunami which devastated the country on 11 March.
Toyota Motor Corporation resumed production at its Japanese plants.
Ugadi, the Telugu new year, was celebrated with traditional fervour and cheerfulness across Andhra Pradesh today.
Ugadi was celebrated with traditional fervour across Andhra Pradesh.
Apple Inc. said Friday that its iPad will be available in nine more countries by May 28.
Apple Inc. said its iPad will be available in nine more countries.
Today's Nevada earthquake had a magnitude of 5.1, reports the US Geological Survey, and was followed by three aftershocks over the next 40 minutes.
Today's Nevada earthquake had and was followed by three aftershocks.
The Supreme Court issued a pair of rulings Wednesday expanding gay rights, ruling unconstitutional a 1996 law denying federal benefits to legally married same-sex couples and clearing the way for California to legalize same-sex marriage.
The Supreme Court issued expanding gay rights.
Several vehicles worth more than £100,000 have been stolen from a quarry on the outskirts of Durham.
Vehicles have been stolen from a quarry.
Charges will not be filed against two Merced Police officers, accused of using excessive force on two men they caught spray-painting their patrol cars.
Charges will not be filed against two Merced Police officers.
Despite the urging of thousands of online fans, JetBlue Airlines announced last Saturday that flight attendant Steven Slater is no longer employed with them.
Steven Slater is no longer employed with JetBlue Airlines.
The Syrian rebels have captured a key Syrian airbase in Taftanaz which is massive blow to Assad regime.
The rebels have captured a key Syrian airbase.
Governor Andrew Cuomo declared a state of emergency in Suffolk County on Long Island in order to activate state resources in fighting a large brush fire there, one of three that continue to burn in southeastern New York as of Tuesday evening.
Andrew Cuomo declared a state of emergency in Suffolk County.
The optional program was oversubscribed and the options distributed thus proportional to the number subscribed.
The optional program was oversubscribed.
A Shelby County corrections officer has resigned following an investigation involving two female inmates.
A Shelby County corrections officer has resigned following an investigation.
An MP from Karimnagar district in Andhra Pradesh Friday filed a complaint against eminent scholar Ashis Nandy, for making remarks alleged to be anti-Dalit at the Jaipur Literature Festival, police said.
An MP filed a complaint against Ashis Nandy.
Arsenal have announced that 19 year old Japanese prospect Ryo Miyaichi has joined Wigan Athletic on loan for the entirety of the 2012/13 season.
Ryo Miyaichi has joined Wigan Athletic on loan.
A new public sector-only travel website has been launched, citing travel savings of up to 58 per cent for organisations and employees working within the public sector in the UK and Ireland .
A new public sector only travel website has been launched.
Four powerful country-made bombs were seized from the banks of a river at Vallithode near Iritty here on Wednesday.
Four bombs were seized at Vallithode.
Actor Mathias Muchus is trying to be more efficient in everything he does, including his work as an actor, because of his age.
Mathias Muchus is trying to be efficient.
April is a fairly forgiving month for gardening.
April is a forgiving month.
Brazilian mining giant Vale, the world's biggest iron ore producer, said last Friday that it might reduce its iron ore prices by 10 percent this October, from $150/mt to $135/mt.
Vale might reduce its iron ore prices by 10 percent this October.
Cost Plus World Market says it will close all 6 of its stores in Minnesota.
Cost Plus World Market will close all 6 of its stores in Minnesota.
Mark McCloskey struck a blow for the high handicappers when his 41 points gave him overall victory, albeit on a break of tie.
Mark McCloskey struck a blow for the high handicappers.
Amorfix Life Sciences, a company focused on treatments and diagnostics for misfolded protein diseases, provides an update on the development of a blood test for vCJD, one of its six product development programs.
Amorfix Life Sciences provides an update on the development of a blood test for vCJD.
Alberta-born country superstar Paul Brandt released his first new album today in four years, entitled Give It Away, along with a box set collection, entitled NOW.
Paul Brandt released his new album, entitled Give, along with a box set collection.
The Central Bank of Sri Lanka is preparing to enlighten the international community on the facts regarding local economy stated in the committee report of the UN Secretary General User Rating: / 0Poor Best Monday, 25 April 2011 13:43 Governor of the Central Bank of Sri Lanka Ajith Nivard Cabral says that the international community will be enlightened on the facts relating to the local economy stated in the committee report of the UN Secretary General.
The Central Bank of Sri Lanka is preparing : says the international community will be enlightened.
Fallon was originally due to return to Plymouth after Town's game against Doncaster on Saturday but today he returned to Plymouth and will be available to play for the Pilgrims against MK Dons.
Fallon was due to return to Plymouth.
A former attorney for Heath Ledger is suing over a $10 million life insurance policy he claims has gone unpaid since the actor's death.
A former attorney for Heath Ledger is suing over a life insurance policy.
People and property business Gentoo has helped one of its customers turn her dream into reality with the assistance of Enterprising Futures, its business start up service.
People Gentoo has helped turn her dream into reality.
''On behalf of Lee McQueen's family, Alexander McQueen today announces the tragic news that Lee McQueen, the founder and designer of the Alexander McQueen brand has been found dead at his home.
Lee McQueen, the founder has been found dead.
Pakistani pace bowler Mohammad Asif was released from prison in Britain on Thursday after serving half of a one-year term for involvement in a match-fixing scam that shook the world of cricket.
Pakistani pace bowler Mohammad Asif was released from prison in Britain.
A Spanish judge has again called for the extradition of three US soldiers to Spain to face charges of indiscriminate attacks against civilians in war.
A judge has called for the extradition of three US soldiers to Spain.
Regulators shut down a bank in Illinois and two in Colorado on Friday, boosting to 51 the number of US bank failures this year.
Regulators shut down a bank in Illinois and two in Colorado.
An upcoming program in Morden will help people who are sick and tired of being sick and tired.
Who are sick and tired of being sick and tired.
A provocative commentary in one of the nation's most distinguished medical journals argues parents should lose custody of obese children.
Parents should lose custody of obese children.
PYLF, the website for all those who are in love, who were in love or wish to be in love, is fast emerging as a platform where people of all ages from across 7 continents are expressing their love.
PYLF, is fast emerging as a platform people are expressing their love.
Labour former minister Doug Henderson is to quit the Commons at the next General Election, he has announced.
Doug Henderson is to quit, he has announced.
Vietnamese exports to the US accelerated for the first time since January, suggesting the country's lower costs may help sustain demand for its products amid a slowing global economy.
Vietnamese exports to the US accelerated.
Super Aguri have delayed the launch of their 2008 challenger as the team has yet to finalize their new sponsors and drivers.
Super Aguri have delayed the launch.
'Twilight' actress Kristen Stewart was involved in a minor accident after a fellow woman motorist hit her Mini Cooper from behind while driving in Los Angeles.
Kristen Stewart was involved in a minor accident hit.
Ben Roethlisberger went through a full practice for the second day in a row, and offensive coordinator Bruce Arians said he is hopeful the Steelers quarterback will play Sunday in Cleveland.
Ben Roethlisberger went through a full practice for the second day in a row.
Private equity firm Castle Harlan Inc. said Monday it is buying plastic container maker Pretium Packaging LLC and Pretium will then buy rival PVC Container Corp., parent of Novapak Corp., in deals valued at a combined $200 million.
Castle Harlan Inc. is buying Pretium Packaging LLC.
Champions Manchester United took a stranglehold on the title race after they beat Everton 1-0 on Saturday to move five points clear at the top of the English Premier League table, dpa reported.
Manchester United took a stranglehold on the title race.
North Dakota Agriculture Commissioner Doug Goehring will be part of a trade mission to Turkey next week.
Doug Goehring will be part of a trade mission to Turkey.
Green Day have announced three European stadium shows next summer.
Green Day have announced three stadium shows.
At the request of Computerworld UK the story headlined ``ICO received 10,000 data protection complaints in 2011'' and posted 04/25/2012 has been removed from the wire.
ICO received 10,000 data protection complaints in 2011.
The government spends about RM100 million annually on wages of 30,000 foreign fishermen hired to fill the vacuum in the fisheries sector, Fisheries deputy director-general Suhaili Lee said on Thursday.
The government spends about RM100 million annually on wages of 30,000 foreign fishermen.
Dutch electronics giant Philips said Tuesday that it will sell its entire NXP equity stake to its UK pension fund.
Philips said it will sell its entire NXP equity stake to its UK pension fund.
Japan moved closer Thursday to restarting nuclear reactors for the first time since last year's earthquake and tsunami led to a nationwide shutdown after a mayor gave his support to a plan to bring two of them back online.
Japan moved closer to restarting nuclear reactors.
A PAY battle is looming at Birmingham-based National Express after the transport giant attacked a five per cent claim for more than 3,700 drivers as ``surprising'' at a time of public sector wage freezes.
A PAY battle is looming at National Express.
People who replace glass say they've seen an increase in the number of cars coming in that have been vandalized.Steve Kahl owns ABC Glass and he says sometimes the vandal will break a car window just to steal the change in the console.
The vandal will break a window to steal the change.
Downtown traffic slowed to a complete stop Friday morning after a flat bed truck collided with a city bus.
Downtown traffic slowed to a stop.
Fox posted another dominant primetime ratings victory in a week when the broadcast nets significantly underperformed vs. a year ago.
Fox posted another ratings victory.
American Airlines has filed for bankruptcy, its parent company has announced.
American Airlines has filed for bankruptcy.
The crafts and memorabilia exhibition, run by Southowram Methodist Church, raised money for the community centre that has been their home since the chapel closed.
The crafts and memorabilia exhibition raised money for the community centre.
Ohio comedian and actor Rudy Ray Moore, best known for his title role in the 1975 film ``Dolemite'', has died at the age of 81.
Ohio comedian and actor Rudy Ray Moore has died at the age of 81.
O2 has launched its 'Flying Start' promotion, aimed at businesses of 1-2,000 employees to provide them with a free landline and internet access.
O2 has launched its Flying Start ' promotion.
Three drivers were killed in a fiery, three-vehicle crash in southeast Iowa.
Three drivers were killed in a fiery, crash.
Christian Post Contributor Pop sensation Justin Bieber may host NBC's ``Saturday Night Live,'' this season, Alec Baldwin revealed on his radio podcast on Monday.
Justin Bieber may host NBC's Saturday Night Live.
A MULTI-MILLION pound tourist centre could create up to 150 jobs, it has been claimed.
A tourist centre could create up to 150 jobs.
Former Liberian President Charles Taylor may walk free because the global financial crisis has cut donations to the court trying him for war crimes committed in neighbouring Sierra Leone, its chief prosecutor said.
Charles Taylor may walk free because the global financial crisis has cut.
Calvin Harris tests all his tracks out in the bathroom to ensure the bass is loud enough.
Calvin Harris tests his tracks out in the bathroom.
Kathryn Joosten, a veteran character actress who played the crotchety Karen McCluskey in Desperate Housewives, has died aged 72.
Kathryn Joosten, a character actress, has died aged 72.
A former restaurant was stripped of metal sometime between December 17 and 30, according to Spartanburg County Deputies.
A former restaurant was stripped of metal sometime.
Suns beat Demons in AFL practice match Updated: 15:59, Saturday March 16, 2013 A dominant third quarter led a near-full strength Gold Coast outfit to a 25-point AFL trial win on Saturday over an injury-stricken Melbourne.
Suns beat Demons in AFL practice match.
Lord Ahmed last night denied offering a £10 million bounty for the capture of President Barack Obama, describing the allegation as a ``pack of lies''.
Lord Ahmed night denied offering a £ 10 million bounty for the capture of Barack Obama.
A motorcyclist was seriously injured after crashing in Montcalm County on Friday.
A motorcyclist was seriously injured after crashing.
Texas A\u0026M quarterback Jerrod Johnson is drawing praise from head coach Mike Sherman for his recent practice performances, giving hope that the talented Mr. Johnson will man the controls for the entire 2009 season.
Jerrod Johnson is drawing, giving hope.
A warrant was issued Wednesday for the arrest of a 54-year-old Springville man after a charge of sexual battery was filed against him in Greene Circuit Court.
A warrant was issued for the arrest of a Springville man.
ABC Learning Centres says it won't be able to releases its annual results today as planned.
ABC Learning Centres won't be able to releases its results today.
Lucky try keeps England on course Updated: 11:45, Sunday February 24, 2013 England beat France 23-13 at Twickenham to make it three wins from three games in Six Nations rugby.
Lucky try keeps England on course.
QUEENSLAND Health has launched an investigation into claims that body parts and fetuses were dumped and buried at a rubbish dump on Thursday Island.
Body parts were dumped on Thursday Island.
Hollywood actor Hugh Grant fears he would never settle down and would end up alone, as he always ruins his romantic liasons.
Hugh Grant fears he would never settle down.
Bendigo has dug deep to donate $78,244 to the Royal Children's Hospital Good Friday Appeal -- beating last year's effort by more than $9000.
Bendigo has dug deep.
Washington, Nov 9 : 'Disney's A Christmas Carol', featuring Jim Carey, has topped the weekend box office after raking in 31 million dollars.
Washington : Disney's A Christmas Carol has topped the weekend box office.
In June 2009, Hope for Armenia, also known as Espoir Pour L'Armenie, celebrated its 20th anniversary with a celebratory tour to Armenia, which wrapped up a 20th anniversary banquet in Yerevan.
Hope for Armenia celebrated its 20th anniversary.
Family Dollar is recalling its Fun N' Safe magnetic dart boards because small magnets at the ends of the darts can detach and pose a choking hazard.
Family Dollar is recalling its Fun N ' magnetic dart boards.
McLaren driver Lewis Hamilton believes that Sebastian Vettel of Red Bull Racing has the potential to dominate in the season ahead.
Lewis Hamilton believes Sebastian Vettel has the potential to dominate in the season ahead.
Hugh Jackman is open to doing more musicals but would prefer something ``lighter'' than Les Misérables next time.
Hugh Jackman is open to doing more musicals but would prefer something lighter next time.
A new gel for laser skin resurfacing helps reduces redness, allowing skin to look and feel better more quickly.
A gel for laser skin resurfacing helps reduces redness.
Arsenal's on loan midfielder Yossi Benayoun has admitted that he has been frustrated at his lack of first-team action this season.
Yossi Benayoun has been frustrated.
Oregon will allow canola to be grown in the Willamette Valley for the first time despite objections from organic seed farmers concerned that canola production will harm their delicate crops.
Oregon will allow canola to be grown in the Willamette Valley.
Aiken native Paul Williams and Sergio Martinez will fight on Nov. 20 in a rematch of last year's acclaimed bout.
Native Paul Williams will fight in a rematch.
The taste of beer, without any effect from alcohol itself, can trigger dopamine release in the brain, which is associated with drinking and other drugs of abuse, according to Indiana University School of Medicine researchers.
The taste of beer, without any effect from alcohol, can trigger dopamine release in the brain.
Victoria Beckham has spent £10,000 on a nursery for her baby girl, reports The Sun. The wife of David Beckham apparently went on a shopping spree to famed London department store Harrods.
Victoria Beckham has spent £ 10,000 on a nursery for her baby girl.
Skyline quarterback Max Browne committed to USC on Wednesday night and will have a chance to be the Trojans' starter as a freshman in 2013.
Skyline quarterback Max Browne committed to USC.
After two-week break to bury a minister, his assistant, and police officers killed in the June 10 Ngong chopper crash, this weekend presidential contenders get back on the campaign trail.
Presidential contenders get back on the campaign trail.
Asif Bajwa told The Associated Press that Aamer, who has been likened to Wasim Akram, 'is not that kind of chap.
Aamer is not that kind of chap.
The Indian rupee declined almost to Rs 43 against the dollar on Thursday, weighed down by the dollar`s broad-based strength, despite central bank intervention to check sharp falls.
The rupee declined to Rs 43 against the dollar.
Sons of American Legion will hold a barbecue dinner Friday, Feb. 10, beginning at 5:30 pm at Dan River Post 1097 on Fairfield Avenue in Danville.
Sons of American Legion will hold a barbecue dinner.
An unmanned Chinese spacecraft returned to Earth successfully after more than two weeks in orbit, marking a pivotal moment for the rising power's plans to secure a long-term manned foothold in space.
An Chinese spacecraft returned to Earth.
Prime Minister Vladimir Putin yesterday challenged Western ratings agencies that have downgraded Russia's debt, calling for the creation of Russian ratings firms that he said better understood its economy.
Vladimir Putin yesterday challenged Western ratings agencies.
Funai, makers of a wide variety of budget line home theater products, are adding CinemaNow to their new products.
Funai, makers, are adding CinemaNow.
Hanuman Jayanti is celebrated to commemorate the birth of Hanuman, the Vanara god, widely venerated throughout India.
Hanuman Jayanti is celebrated to commemorate the birth of Hanuman.
A 20-year-old Milton boy died Sunday after being pulled unconscious from a swimming pool Saturday afternoon.
A Milton boy died after being pulled from a pool.
Callum asks Danielle on another date and tells Garry he's resorting to Plan B -- persuading Danielle to dump him by pretending to be boring!
Callum asks Danielle on another date.
Australia's Geoff Huegill, who staged an unlikely comeback to win a gold medal at the 2010 Commonwealth Games, announced Monday he was quitting elite swimming.
Australia's Geoff Huegill was quitting elite swimming.
Probably for the first time in Orissa, the State Government has 'paid' for a fake encounter by its police which killed a tribal in Rayagada district earlier this year.
The State Government has paid for a fake encounter.
Walnut Creek-based PMI Group , one of the nation's largest mortgage insurers, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy Wednesday, marking the latest casualty of the historic housing bubble.
PMI Group filed for bankruptcy.
A temporary post office opened Monday in Healdsburg after the main post office burned down over the weekend.
A temporary post office opened in Healdsburg.
``I dislike the term candid wedding photography even though I used it when I started out,'' she told IANS.
I dislike the term candid wedding photography.
SHANGHAI'S key stock index ended slightly lower yesterday on concerns over tighter market liquidity as several companies planned to seek fresh capital.
SHANGHAI 'S key stock index ended slightly lower.
Bank of Ayudhya announced on Friday that it is cutting rates on savings deposits by 0.12 percentage points and 0.125 percentage point for loan rates, reports said.
Bank of Ayudhya is cutting rates.
Matt Hardy, The Most Underrated/Hard Working wrestler today, will be a WWE world champion?
Matt Hardy, will be a WWE world champion.
The mass grave was found in the eastern Bosnian village of Kaldrmica.
The mass grave was found in the Bosnian village.
Barron's -- the Dow Jones investment magazine -- wants US District Court Judge Jed Rakoff to unseal the FINRA papers.
Barron wants District Court Judge Jed Rakoff to unseal the FINRA papers.
Three Gondol gang robbery members including the leader were killed in a shootout with police at a water retention pond at Tasik Kota Puteri, Ijok on Tuesday's morning.
Three Gondol gang members were killed in a shootout.
``Harry Potter'' star Emma Watson is single again after reportedly splitting from her longterm boyfriend.
Emma Watson is single.
Gurgaon Citibank has terminated services of 7 employees at its Gurgaon branch, where Rs 460 crore fraud was detected last year.
Citibank has terminated services of 7 employees at its Gurgaon branch.
Rusk County authorities have arrested a man in connection with a homicide in Reklaw, according to a Wednesday news release.
Rusk County authorities have arrested a man in connection with a homicide.
Acer has introduced an engagement program for its channel partners dealing with projectors in Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and New Delhi.
Acer has introduced an engagement program for its partners.
Richard Widmark, who made a sensational film debut as the giggling killer in ``Kiss of Death'' and became a Hollywood leading man in ``Broken Lance,'' ``Two Rode Together'' and 40 other films, has died after a long illness.
Richard Widmark, who made has died.
Danny Boyle, Oscar winning director of Slumdog Millionaire, has been asked to direct the next James Bond film.
Danny Boyle has been asked to direct the next James Bond film.
The rand was steady against the dollar at midday on Wednesday, hovering around the 7.10 per dollar level as global risk aversion receded.
The rand was steady, hovering as risk aversion receded.
A senior citizen was found brutally murdered in his house in Sanwer late on Tuesday night.
A senior citizen was found brutally murdered in his house in Sanwer.
Indian soybean futures are seen lower on Thursday, tracking Malaysian palm and on hopes of higher acreage, analysts said.
Indian soybean futures are seen lower, tracking Malaysian palm.
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission on Tuesday released new seismic guidelines for nuclear power plants to ``re-evaluate seismic hazards.''
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission released new seismic guidelines for power plants.
The Mekelle University said it has launched nine of the ten postgraduate programs it planned for this academic year.
The Mekelle University has launched nine of the ten postgraduate programs.
OneUnited Bank was cited by Money Magazine for its high rate internet savings account in its January 2008 issue ``The Best Money Websites''.
OneUnited Bank was cited by Money Magazine for its high rate internet savings account.
A US State Department report released on Wednesday said Mindanao remains to be a terrorist haven owing to weak government control, lingering poverty and Islamic minority resentment.
Mindanao remains to be a terrorist haven.
A US marine deserter fled to Nova Scotia, threatened his mother with a handgun, then killed himself Friday.
A US marine deserter fled to Nova Scotia killed himself.
Finjan Inc., a leading provider of Secure Web Gateway solutions for the enterprise market, today announced that it has raised $22 million in an investment round led by HarbourVest Partners, with participation by new and current investors Benchmark Capital, Israel Seed Partners, Benhamou Global Ventures, and Cisco.
Finjan Inc. has raised $ 22 million in an investment round led.
Lifetime has canceled long-running, crime-busting show ``America's Most Wanted,'' EW has confirmed.
Lifetime has canceled, show America's Most Wanted.
Fiji Retailers Association Himmat Lodhia says that apart from the consumers, the Retailers are also feeling the pinch of recent price hikes.
The Retailers are feeling the pinch of price hikes.
Double amputee sprinter Oscar Pistorius achieved a career goal by qualifying for the world championships, fulfilling a five-year-long quest to compete at the highest level against able-bodied athletes.
Oscar Pistorius achieved by qualifying for the world championships.
CHARLESTON, SC An historian who is working to preserve slave cabins across the South is sleeping in the slave quarters of an historic house in Charleston.
CHARLESTON, historian is sleeping in the slave quarters.
Scientists, for the first time, peered into real time brain cell activity that underlay memory formation.
Scientists peered into real time brain cell activity.
Olympique Marseille defender Souleymane Diawara was fined €4 500 on Tuesday for driving without a licence, a justice spokesman said.
Souleymane Diawara was fined for driving without a licence.
Penang has been voted the city with the best hawker food in Asia by a CNN affiliate, Sin Chew Daily reported.
Penang has been voted the city with the best hawker food in Asia.
TV executives have reportedly agreed to let Lindsay Lohan play screen siren Dame Elizabeth Taylor in a new TV movie, as long as she keeps out of trouble.
Lindsay Lohan play Elizabeth Taylor.
Real Madrid transfer target Maicon has been tipped to stay at current club Internazionale this summer by his agent.
Maicon has been tipped to stay at club.
``It is a known fact that BJP pursues a double standard in its fight against corruption. Though BJP is raising corruption issues, it takes a different stand on the Yeddyurappa issue,'' CPI leader D.Raja told reporters outside Parliament.
BJP pursues a double standard in its fight against corruption.
McAuliffe said he will donate his salary to charity and he would like to see it used to help build gymnasiums at high schools, perhaps in Martinsville.
McAuliffe will donate his salary and he would like.
Walmart has opened a temporary hiring center in Little Rock to handle 300 job openings for its newest store in the city that opens soon.
Walmart has opened a temporary hiring center in Little Rock to handle 300 job openings.
HOMES fit for heroes and a playground for their children were unveiled at the end of an £8m refurbishment programme for military housing in Colchester.
HOMES fit for heroes were unveiled.
Sheryl Crow is joining ABC's freshman hit Cougar Town in a recurring role, Entertainment Weekly reports.
Sheryl Crow is joining hit Cougar Town.
A Glendale man has been sentenced to death for the second time in the fatal shooting of his teenage stepdaughter.
A man has been sentenced to death.
A Colorado couple who own a sled-dog racing business have been arrested on felony animal cruelty charges.
A Colorado couple have been arrested on animal cruelty charges.
Despite the many rumors of cancellation, genre favorite TV series ``Fringe'' has been renewed for a fifth and final season.
Fringe has been renewed for a fifth and final season.
``The Crucible'' by Arthur Miller, is coming to Stage 3 in Sonora from February 4 - March 6, 2011.
The Crucible by Arthur Miller, is coming to Stage 3.
Kanpur, Dec 3 A minor girl was allegedly raped and attacked by two unidentified youths in Bachana village of Knapur district, police said today.
A minor girl was raped and attacked.
Italian public high school students are all sitting their final exams today, and their Italian exam also included a comment on Hannah Arendt's views of the Holocaust, as well as the responsibility that comes with science and technology.
Italian high school students are sitting their final exams.
A US soldier was killed Friday after he opened fire at officers at an army base in the state of Texas, a media report said.
A US soldier was killed after he opened fire at officers.
Scarlett Johansson will make her Broadway debut opposite Liev Schreiber in a revival of A View From the Bridge, according to Variety.
Scarlett Johansson will make her Broadway debut.
In a brief press release, Apple today announced that it has filed a countersuit against Nokia for infringement of 13 Apple-held patents.
Apple has filed a countersuit against Nokia.
What do you think is the most popular colour for Bollywood rain?
What do you think is the colour for Bollywood rain.
Lady Gaga has been practising how to speak like the British Queen for her new show, and is even dressing like the royal.
Lady Gaga has been practising how to speak like the British Queen.
The state is threatening to take over the Coconut Grove Playhouse if the current owner doesn't act soon.
The state is threatening to take over the Coconut Grove Playhouse.
Susan Boyle faced the music for the final time Saturday, performing in the finals of ``Britain's Got Talent.''
Susan Boyle faced, performing in the finals of Britain's Got Talent.
Steelers QB Byron Leftwich sprains ligament in left knee; could miss a month
Byron Leftwich sprains ligament in left knee.
IBM is in talks to buy Sun Microsystems, the Wall Street Journal and other US media outlets reported yesterday, citing people familiar with the matter, says Computing.co.uk.
IBM is to buy Sun Microsystems.
Asian shares recovered ground Friday from panic selling as investors pinned their hopes on swift measures to boost the ailing US economy set to be unveiled by President George W. Bush, dealers said.
Asian shares recovered ground from panic selling.
State police say a 36-year-old Houma woman died after she drove her car off the road into a ditch and hit a culvert.
A Houma woman died after she drove off the road into a ditch.
Pettitte plans to announce his retirement Friday at a news conference at Yankee Stadium, a person familiar with the arrangements told The Associated Press.
Pettitte plans to announce his retirement Friday.
TWO community support officers are going back to school in Swaffham to increase police presence and encourage students to voice any worries.
TWO officers are going back to school.
A reception was accorded to Oscar award-winner Resul Pookutty by Kerala Film Chamber of Commerce along with the various other organisations in the film industry in Kochi on March 11.
A reception was accorded to Oscar award-winner Resul Pookutty.
Teen superstar Justin Bieber is donating his famous locks to charity after undergoing a makeover.
Justin Bieber is donating his locks to charity.
Two off-duty Milwaukee police detectives shot at a suspect firing a gun into the air.
Two detectives shot at a suspect.
With all the crazy goings-on's in Comic Con a couple of weeks back somehow the news that there could be a Quantum Leap movie on the way got buried.
There could be a Quantum Leap movie on the way.
UK comparison booking website Cheapflights has defended air travel after the leak of a UN study that showed the shipping industry was by far a bigger polluter of CO 2 .
Website Cheapflights has defended air travel.
Six juveniles were arrested this week on charges of burglary and property damage, said Sikeston Dept. of Public Safety Sgt. Jim McMillen.
Six juveniles were arrested on charges of burglary and property damage.
Online tax preparation site FreeTaxUSA said it now supports all 42 states with a state income tax.
FreeTaxUSA now supports all 42 states.
Tejeda won his third straight start, pitching six solid innings as the Kansas City Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 2-1 on Sunday.
Tejeda won his third straight start.
A former Olympic javelin thrower will attempt to break the world mullet toss record today on Perdido Key.
A Olympic javelin thrower will attempt to break the mullet toss record.
Major Ravi directed movie Kandahar will start rolling from June end.
Kandahar will start rolling from June end.
A Somerset County man was sentenced today to 22 years in state prison for robbing the same bank twice in 2006.
A man was sentenced for robbing the same bank twice.
A Dutch court acquitted right-wing politician Geert Wilders of hate speech and discrimination Thursday, ruling that his anti-Islam statements, while offensive to many Muslims, fell within the bounds of legitimate political debate.
A Dutch court acquitted Geert Wilders.
The FDA is in receipt of a letter from a group of doctors and researchers urging the agency to take action on the caffeine levels in energy drinks.
The FDA is in receipt of a letter from a group of doctors and researchers urging the agency.
Oliver Stone is taking his docu ``South of the Border'' on a whirlwind tour with a series of premieres in Spain and South America to be attended by the presidents of Argentina, Bolivia, Ecuador, Paraguay and Venezuela.
Oliver Stone is taking his docu South of the Border.
The TUC is offering free training for Polish workers employed in cleaning, security and building services across Tower Hamlets and the City of London.
The TUC is offering free training for Polish workers.
US markets posted gains Tuesday following positive numbers on European markets.
Markets posted gains.
Arrow Electronics, a Fortune 140 company, announced Tuesday morning it will relocate its global headquarters from Melville, NY to Colorado.
Arrow Electronics will relocate its headquarters, to Colorado.
Web payment firm Paypal has said it will block ``unsafe browsers'' from using its service as part of wider anti-phishing efforts.
Paypal will block unsafe browsers.
A Reno group home is being fined $2,300 by state regulators for food safety, kitchen cleanliness and other safety concerns.
A Reno group home is being fined by state regulators.
Montana gov. signs bill decriminalizing gay sex AP An obsolete law deeming gay sex as deviant -- akin to bestiality -- was stricken from Montana code Thursday, prompting gay rights activists to say they hope that full legal equality may be close at hand.
Montana gov. signs bill decriminalizing gay sex law.
Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy on Wednesday sought cooperation from the opposition for smooth running of the state assembly and said his government has done every thing to ensure that ``the proceedings in the house do not get disrupted''.
Oommen Chandy sought cooperation from the opposition.
Jet Airways, India's premier international airline, on October 6 entered into a reciprocal frequent flyer partnership with bmi, the second largest airline at London Heathrow, one of the world's busiest and best-connected international airports.
Jet Airways entered into a reciprocal frequent flyer partnership with bmi.
SALT LAKE CITY -Utah Attorney General Mark Shurtleff was released from a hospital late Monday after doctors determined he is not suffering from a potentially deadly infection.
Mark Shurtleff was released from a hospital.
A 15-year-old boy from Teignmouth has been charged with robbery and possession of an offensive weapon.The youth, who cannot be named for legal reasons, appeared at Torquay Magistrates' Court, following an incident at Teign Wines, Teignmouth.
A boy has been charged with robbery.
North Eastern province sank deeper into poverty, recording a 10 per cent increase from 64 to 74 per cent between 1999 and 2005/06.
North Eastern province sank deeper into poverty.
Portrait of former Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko marked Freedom for Yulia Tymoshenko, was hung on the facade of the City Hall of Rome in solidarity and support for the leader of the Ukrainian opposition, Interfax reported.
Portrait of Yulia Tymoshenko marked, was hung on the facade of the City Hall of Rome.
After taking the first two games in San Diego, the Cubs are showing they can win on the road, too.
The Cubs can win on the road.
New compounds and novel applications for established products were evaluated in many of the clinical trials reported at the recent 49th annual NIMH-sponsored New Clinical Drugs Evaluation Unit meeting.
New compounds and novel applications were evaluated.
Jenson Button will have the first run in the new McLaren when pre-season testing starts next month, the Formula One team said.
Jenson Button will have the first run in the new McLaren.
New York Republican congressional candidate Jim Tedisco declared in a televised debate last night that he is not a millionaire.
Jim Tedisco declared he is not a millionaire.
Maria Sharapova was sent crashing out of the Australian Open at the first hurdle, losing 7-6 3-6 6-4 to fellow Russian Maria Kirilenko.
Maria Sharapova was sent crashing out of the Australian Open.
Jozef Kohut has made a return to the Guildford Flames by signing a new contract for them, marking the first time he's worn the colours of the Flames since the 2007/08 season.
Jozef Kohut has made a return to the Guildford Flames.
Former Ugly Betty star Vanessa Williams is to join the cast of Desperate Housewives, according to US reports.
Vanessa Williams is to join the cast of Desperate Housewives.
Yahoo Japan Corp. has said that it suspects up to 22 million user IDs may have been stolen during an unauthorised attempt to access the administrative system of its Yahoo! Japan portal.
Yahoo Japan Corp. suspects up to 22 million user IDs may have been stolen.
The university said Friday in a statement that Broadway, who has a 35-12 record since he arrived from North Carolina Central in 2007, has agreed to stay at Grambling for a fifth season in 2001.
Broadway has agreed to stay at Grambling.
US stocks closed mixed on Friday as good corporate earnings were weighed against concerns over the US dollar as G20 finance ministers held talks in South Korea in a bid to avert a ``currency war''.
US stocks closed mixed.
Former Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi has advised the rulers for showing mercy on national exchequer and that the ruling party must not hold public meetings on government expenses, Geo News reported on Sunday.
Shah Mehmood Qureshi has advised the rulers for showing mercy on national exchequer.
Kozhikode, Apr 16 Maintaining that sportspersons should be given top priority in the Olympic torch relay run in New Delhi tomorrow, former sprint queen PT Usha today said people from other walks of life should also join in the event to bring glory to the Olympic movement.
Sportspersons should be given top priority.
Bibendum is launching a summer campaign to promote English wines and spirits to the on-trade.
Bibendum is launching to promote English wines and spirits.
Hundreds of anarchists chanting ``cops, pigs, murderers'' marched through Athens yesterday hours after a gunman opened fire at a riot-police bus in a third week of anti-government protests since police shot dead a teenager.
Hundreds of anarchists marched through Athens.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange was denied bail here Tuesday on a rape charge in Sweden as financial and legal pressures mounted over the website's publishing of secret documents.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange was denied bail.
Google said on Wednesday that it had uncovered a vast Iranian spy campaign that had been targeting tens of thousands of Iranian citizens over the past three weeks.
Google said it had uncovered a Iranian spy campaign.
Sheffield hooker Andrew Henderson has won his case against former club Barrow for breach of contract at a Rugby Football League tribunal.
Sheffield hooker Andrew Henderson has won his case against former club Barrow.
South Korea will ban all indoor and outdoor smoking in public places starting in 2011, to substantially reduce the country's smoking rate, the government said Wednesday, reports Yonhap news agency.
South Korea will ban all smoking in public places starting in 2011.
People look out over the Atlantic Ocean as Hurricane Igor approaches in Bermuda, Saturday, Sept. 18, 2010.
People look out as Hurricane Igor approaches.
The Wilmette currency exchange owner whose body was found in the trunk of a car in Chicago late Wednesday was fatally shot in the face, an autopsy has found.
The Wilmette currency exchange owner was shot in the face.
AJ Green worked out at Georgia's pro day on Tuesday without a single NFL scout or coach on the sideline.
AJ Green worked out without a NFL scout.
Ontario has nominated health care and information technology executive, Raymond Hession as the new Chair of eHealth Ontario's board of directors.
Ontario has nominated, as the new Chair.
Wellington-Dufferin-Guelph Public Health can find no evidence of elevated cancer risks in north Guelph or elsewhere, its board of directors was told Wednesday.
Public Health can find no evidence of elevated cancer risks in north Guelph.
Earlier this evening, President Obama spoke at an LGBT Pride reception at the White House.
Obama spoke at an LGBT Pride reception at the White House.
LeeTran will introduce its first hybrid bus to the public at a ceremony at 1:30 pm on Thursday, Dec. 10, at Florida Gulf Coast University.
LeeTran will introduce its first hybrid bus.
Sosei Group has entered into a definitive distribution agreement with ASKA Pharmaceuticals for the commercialisation of the emergency contraceptive pill SOH-075.
Sosei Group has entered into a definitive distribution agreement with ASKA Pharmaceuticals.
Mylan Inc. today announced that it has acquired Merck KGaA's Central \u0026 Eastern Europe generics businesses, which include operations in Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, Slovenia and the Czech Republic.
Mylan Inc. has acquired Merck KGaA's generics businesses, which include.
Australian fast bowler Brett Lee retired from international cricket on Friday, just days after he was forced to return home from England after sustaining another injury and a few months before he had pencilled in a possible exit from the game.
Brett Lee retired from international cricket.
Licking Memorial Hospital temporarily is restricting children from visiting the hospital to protect its patients from the flu.
Licking Memorial Hospital is restricting children from visiting the hospital.
Complete shutdown was observed in all major cities and towns of occupied Kashmir including Srinagar, on Tuesday, the call for which was given by the Chairman All Parties Hurriyat Conference Syed Ali Gilani to draw world attention towards the miserable plight of the political prisoners languishing in jails.
Complete shutdown was observed in all cities of occupied Kashmir.
A classy double from Gary Hooper helped Celtic beat Hibernian 3-0 to lift the Scottish Cup for the 36th time at Hampden Park yesterday.
Celtic beat Hibernian 3 to lift the Scottish Cup.
After a weekend of speculation, the NBA announced on Monday that it will purchase the New Orleans Hornets.
The NBA will purchase the New Orleans Hornets.
The fall hunting season kicked off this Labor Day weekend.
The hunting season kicked.
Some interesting rumors have surfaced this morning on the worldwide web which claim that Nintendo was offered Project Natal before Microsoft and they turned it down.
Nintendo was offered and they turned Project Natal down.
The Palestinian cabinet yesterday resigned ahead of summer polls, as the leadership sought to boost its legitimacy after the collapse of peace talks and two Arab uprisings.
The Palestinian cabinet resigned ahead of summer polls.
A HAMILTON man was last week jailed for a sectarian rant during a recent Orange march.
A man was week jailed for a sectarian rant during a Orange march.
Voters in Serbia go to the polls today to choose a president in a closely contested race between pro-Western and nationalist candidates.
Voters in Serbia go to the polls.
Liquidity has once again turned scarce in the inter-bank money market, forcing RBI to play the role of lender.
Liquidity has turned scarce in the money market.
Armenian-born WBC and WBA super flyweight champion Vic Darchinyan won a clash of southpaws for the vacant IBO bantamweight crown with Thursday's 12-round, unanimous decision over Eric Barcelona before his hometown fans at the Leagues Club, Parramatta in New South Wales, Australia.
Vic Darchinyan won for the IBO bantamweight crown.
French retail giant Carrefour will cut the prices of selected goods at its 125 outlets in China from Friday through Feb. 9 to boost sales amid the global financial crisis.
Carrefour will cut the prices at its 125 outlets in China to boost sales amid the financial crisis.
Model and actress Liz Hurley confirmed on Twitter yesterday that she and her husband have separated.
Liz Hurley and her husband have separated.
Pegasystems Inc. , the leader in Business Process Management and software for customer centricity, today announced that Texas County \u0026 District Retirement System has chosen Pegasystems to modernize its legacy systems used to manage employer benefit plans.
Texas County \u0026 District Retirement System has chosen Pegasystems.
Due to the Waldo Canyon fire, next week's SmackDown taping on Tuesday, July 10 at World Arena in Colorado Springs, CO has been canceled.
Next week's SmackDown taping has been canceled.
MAHMOUD Ahmadinejad has been sworn in as Iranian President as riot police broke up Opposition protests over an election that triggered the worst turmoil in the Islamic republic's history.
MAHMOUD Ahmadinejad has been sworn in as Iranian President.
A man was fatally shot as he drove his car near Lynnwood early Tuesday morning.
A man was fatally shot as he drove his car near Lynnwood.
Local television station Metro TV has threatened to boycott Asante Kotoko matches in the Glo Premier League following an attack on two of their journalists.
Metro TV has threatened to boycott Asante Kotoko matches.
THOUSANDS of people attacked Chinese police in the southern city of Shenzhen from Friday afternoon to early Saturday morning, state media reported.
THOUSANDS attacked police.
The Town of Banff will foot the bill for Coun.
The Town will foot the bill.
ArcelorMittal announces it has entered into initial discussions with BHP Billiton to potentially combine our respective iron ore mining and infrastructure interests in Liberia and Guinea within a joint venture.
ArcelorMittal has entered into discussions with BHP Billiton to potentially combine our iron ore mining and infrastructure interests in Liberia and Guinea.
Romania shares the concern of the international community for the Iran issue, said Premier Emil Boc on Thursday in a press statement he made together with his Israeli counterpart Benjamin Netanyahu.
Romania shares the concern of the international community for the Iran issue, said Premier Emil Boc.
Kristen Bell and Dax Shepard have spoken about working together on an upcoming movie, joking that they are ``codependent''.
Kristen Bell and Dax Shepard have spoken about working together, joking they are codependent.
A new government survey shows high gas prices have forced billions of Americans off the road this summer travel season.
High gas prices have forced billions off the road.
Oscar-winning couple Penelope Cruz and Javier Bardem are expecting their second child, according to US media reports on Friday.
Penelope Cruz and Javier Bardem are expecting their second child, according to reports.
Santa Rosa police are investigating the beating and possible sexual assault of an 18-year-old woman Friday morning.
Santa Rosa police are investigating the beating and possible sexual assault.
Aston Villa manager Alex McLeish has handed England manager Roy Hodgson some good news by suggesting Darren Bent could be fit for Euro 2012.
Darren Bent could be fit for Euro 2012.
Investec Loyal has won the Sydney to Hobart yacht race after a protest was dismissed at a hearing at the Royal Yacht Club of Tasmania in Hobart.
Investec Loyal has won the Sydney to Hobart race after a protest was dismissed.
British police clash with student protesters as tens of thousands gathered in central London to denounce government plans to increase university tuition fees.
British police clash with student protesters.
Fortis Healthcare today said it has entered into a pact with two hospitals in Dubai and Tanzania to set up specialised medical facilities there as part of its overseas expansion strategy.
Fortis Healthcare has entered into a pact with two hospitals in Dubai and Tanzania.
A jockey has won an amazing seven races in one day at the horse races in Windsor.
A jockey has won an seven races in one day.
Attackers have been using fake Chrome updates to lure victims for several months now, and the most recent scheme uses a similar approach as the past ones and also uses related files.
Attackers have been using fake Chrome updates to lure victims.
The recent move by the Manchester Evening News to a new out-of-town location has meant a homecoming for one of its local sister titles.
The move has meant a homecoming for one of its sister titles.
Reality TV star and model Holly Madison has insured her breasts for $1 million with Lloyd's of London, she told People magazine on Thursday.
Holly Madison has insured her breasts for $ 1 million.
Justin Bieber reportedly hooked up with Victoria's Secret model Barbara Palvin in Miami on Dec. 8, after she denied anything was going on with the Biebs on Twitter!
Justin Bieber hooked up with Victoria's model Barbara Palvin in Miami.
Fiery conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh was taken to a hospital after suffering chest pains and was resting comfortably Wednesday, his radio program said in a statement.
Rush Limbaugh was taken to a hospital after suffering chest pains.
The coconut cake has been a Southern favorite for generations and is enjoying a recent renaissance as one of our favorite celebration cakes.
The coconut cake has been a Southern favorite.
Skyvision, a UK-based provider of IP services over satellite and terrestrial fibre optic systems, has raised $25 million from Citi Venture Capital International.
Skyvision has raised $ 25 million.
Former US president George HW Bush remained in intensive care at a Houston hospital, but his condition ``continues to improve,'' Xinhua news agency reported a Bush family spokesman as saying Friday.
George HW Bush remained, but his condition continues to improve.
The Fromberg school board voted Tuesday night to investigate sexual harassment charges against the district's superintendent.
The Fromberg school board voted to investigate sexual harassment charges.
Last week, Yahoo launched Yahoo Buzz, which can be compared to a social news site like Digg.
Yahoo launched Yahoo Buzz, which can be compared.
Actress Emma Stone thinks Hollywood movies are getting more conservative because studio bosses are afraid of ``offending'' anyone.
Hollywood movies are getting conservative.
THREE people were arrested in Lora del Rio, Sevilla, for allegedly blackmailing a man, accusing him of having sex with minors.
THREE people were arrested in Lora del Rio for blackmailing.
I believe both are valid reasons why USC is better than UCLA.
Why USC is better than UCLA.
Nepalese police Thursday again broke up demonstrations by Tibetans protesting Chinese rule in Tibet and made several arrests, exile groups said.
Nepalese police broke up demonstrations by Tibetans, exile groups said.
Hong Kong stocks closed lower Monday on profit taking and a weak performance in the Chinese mainland stock market, with the benchmark Hang Seng index down 436.75 points to close at 22,849.20 .
Hong Kong stocks closed lower on profit taking.
A Benton man pleaded guilty to internet stalking of a child Saturday and was sentenced to 6 years in prison.
A Benton man pleaded guilty to internet stalking of a child.
Software services major Infosys on Thrusday said it will stick to its target of hiring 35,000 people this fiscal but is not looking at wage hikes for now.
Infosys will stick to its target of hiring 35,000 people.
A St. Lawrence County judge dismissed two charges Tuesday against an Akwesasne man accused of using an excavator to dig up contaminated soil at a former General Motors Powertrain site.
A judge dismissed two charges against an Akwesasne man.
Prime Minister of Ukraine Yulia Tymoshenko believes that the Constitution of Ukraine should be changed in favour of parliamentary republic.
Minister of Yulia Tymoshenko believes the Constitution of Ukraine should be changed.
Great Plains Energy Incorporated, Kansas City Power \u0026 Light Company and Aquila, Inc. have filed a required status report with the Missouri Public Service Commission regarding the pending Great Plains Energy and Aquila transaction.
Great Plains Energy Incorporated have filed a status report with the Missouri Public Service Commission regarding the pending Great Plains Energy and Aquila transaction.
Roy Hodgson has revealed he has verbally agreed a new contract to stay on as Fulham manager.
Roy Hodgson has agreed a new contract.
X FACTOR runner-up Jahmene Douglas has signed a record deal with music powerhouses Sony Records following his exploits on the reality television competition.
Jahmene Douglas has signed a deal with powerhouses Sony Records.
A Nicholas County couple is accused of setting their apartment on fire and endangering the lives of other tenants.
A Nicholas County couple is accused of setting their apartment on fire.
The financially-beleaguered Air Zimbabwe on Saturday dispatched an ``almost empty'' Boeing 767 to South Africa to pick up President Robert Mugabe as he flew back from a ``routine medical check-up'' in Singapore.Impeccable sources told our correspondent yesterday that the Boeing 767 -- with a capacity for 205 passengers -- left Harare on Saturday around 4am for Waterkloof Airforce Base Airport in Gauteng with about 10 cabin crew members to airlift Mugabe, his wife Grace and about 15 aides and security details.
The Air Zimbabwe dispatched an empty Boeing 767 to pick up President Robert Mugabe.
She also talks about her friendship with Bella, adding, ``Bella and I have rings that say 'sisters.' It's like a friendship bracelet and makes us feel connected wherever we are or during bad times. I just look at my hand and remember that she has the exact same ring on and she loves me. It's a reminder that I'm never alone.``
She talks about her friendship with Bella.
Chelsea boss Carlo Ancelotti will force his players to watch a video nasty of the Sunderland defeat when they return from international duty.
Carlo Ancelotti will force his players to watch a video nasty of the Sunderland defeat.
Lil Wayne has lost a lawsuit against Quincy Jones III.
Lil Wayne has lost a lawsuit.
Microsoft filed another antitrust complaint against Google with the European Commission.
Microsoft filed another antitrust complaint against Google.
The death toll from a suicide bombing that targeted members of an anti-Taliban militia attending funeral prayers in Pakistan's northwestern region has risen to 40, police said yesterday.
The death toll from a suicide bombing has risen to 40.
A trio of potentially dangerous storms swirled over the Atlantic Ocean on Tuesday as Tropical Storm Karl formed in the Caribbean on a path that could take it over oil-production facilities in Mexico's Bay of Campeche.
A trio of storms swirled over the Atlantic Ocean.
Baltimore announced it signed 19 undrafted free agents, which doesn't include seven players it initially agreed to terms with after the draft:
Baltimore signed 19 undrafted free agents.
A 45-year-old Cranston man risked his own life while stealing copper wires from utility poles to sell the copper as scrap.
A man risked his life while stealing copper wires.
Up to 5000 Christchurch residents have fled to Timaru in the past week since the devastating earthquake, police say.
Up to 5000 Christchurch residents have fled to Timaru.
BUCHAREST, Romania -Romanian football authorities have told all first-division clubs to instruct players to not spit during matches to lessen the risk of spreading swine flu.
Football authorities have told to instruct players to not spit.
Thai local police said the court has issued arrest warrants for 36 more anti-government protesters of the United Front for Democracy against Dictatorship, Thai media reported.
Thai police said the court has issued arrest warrants for 36 more protesters.
Mesa has issued code violation citations to the owner of the empty Fiesta Village shopping center.
Mesa has issued citations to the owner of the empty shopping center.
Carrols Restaurant Group spun off the homegrown Miami-based Pollo Tropical and its other Hispanic brands on May 7 to create a new publicly-traded company, Fiesta Restaurant Group.
Carrols Restaurant Group spun off the Pollo Tropical and its other Hispanic brands.
Man killed in Brisbane traffic crash Updated: 23:30, Monday February 4, 2013 A man has been killed in a collision between two vehicles east of Brisbane on Monday afternoon.
Man killed in Brisbane traffic crash Updated.
The Vijay Mallya-promoted United Breweries on Tuesday announced the launch of locally brewed and bottled Heineken beer from its brewery in Taloja, near Mumbai.
The United Breweries announced the launch of locally brewed Heineken beer.
Georgetown junior Hollis Thompson will declare for the NBA Draft and forgo his final year of eligibility, the school announced on Tuesday.
Georgetown Hollis Thompson will declare for the NBA Draft.
Allahabad, Dec 9 Three crude bombs were recovered in Allahabad in Uttar Pradesh on Thursday, two days after a child was killed in a blast in Varanasi.
Allahabad, 9 Three bombs were recovered.
Nebraska football player Ben Cotton was cited for alcohol possession and other violations after campus police were alerted to an argument at a residence hall.
Nebraska football player Ben Cotton was cited for alcohol possession.
Cowboys tight end Jason WItten won't need surgery for his injured spleen and is questionable to start the season opener against the Giants.
Cowboys tight end Jason WItten won't need surgery.
With the candidates for President and Vice President of the United States now officially nominated, the cable industry today announced it has launched 'Countdown to Youth Vote,' a continuation of its 'Our Time to Vote' non-partisan voter education and registration campaign.
The cable industry today announced it has launched Countdown to Youth Vote.
Sunoco Logistics Partners LP announced today that the Partnership filed its Annual Report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2010.
Sunoco Logistics Partners LP announced the Partnership filed on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
A World Bank team today called on Chief Minister Nitish Kumar and discussed overall development in Bihar and progress of those schemes being sponsored by the international lender.
A World Bank team today called on Nitish Kumar.
Wildfires on Monday continued ravaging Portugal and Spain, where such blazes have consumed tens of thousands of hectares of vegetation this summer, firefighters and officials said.
Wildfires continued ravaging Portugal and Spain.
It's rumoured that Katie Price is indeed planning to enter the Celebrity Big Brother house in 2013 as a contestant, with producers giving her the option to join in January or later next year for the summer CBB series.
Katie Price is planning to enter the Celebrity Big Brother house.
Researchers say that blind and almost hairless, naked mole rats, hold the key to surviving a stroke.
Naked mole rats, hold the key to surviving a stroke.
By Celebrity Health \u0026 Fitness, January 17th, 2010 Michael C. Hall won his first Golden Globe, for his role as the avenging serial killer on Showtime's ``Dexter,'' but his struggle with cancer was hard to ignore, even if he wanted to.
Michael C. Hall won his Golden Globe but his struggle was, he wanted.
(TOULOUSE) AirAsia Bhd said that it will run a contest to pick an engine supplier for its latest crop of Airbus 320 planes rather than automatically select its regular supplier, a General Electric Co and Safran SA venture.
AirAsia Bhd will run a contest to pick an engine supplier.
It must have seemed odd to FBI agents that Chicago terror suspect David Coleman Headley carried a book with him called How to Pray like a Jew.
Chicago terror suspect David Coleman Headley carried a book with him called How to Pray like a Jew.
From shoplifters to armed robbers, several robberies turned violent over the past few days in Salinas.
Several robberies turned violent over the days in Salinas.
Cleanpath Resources has launched new natural herbal supplements including Re-Load Male Enhancement, Re-Load 7 Hour Energy, Re-Load Detox and Re-Load Weight Loss.
Cleanpath Resources has launched new natural herbal supplements.
A recent study accepted for publication in The Endocrine Society's Journal of Clinical Endocrinology \u0026 Metabolism found that early, prolonged treatment with the diabetes drug metformin may prevent or delay the development of polycystic ovary syndrome in adolescence.
Treatment with the diabetes drug metformin may prevent or delay the development of polycystic ovary syndrome.
Creative midfielder Rossi Jarvis is a big doubt for the Hatters ahead of tomorrow night's Coca-Cola League Two visit of Gillingham.
Rossi Jarvis is a big doubt for the Hatters.
Darius Rucker is confirmed to replace Lionel Richie to headline the celebrity night show Saturday at the Lake Tahoe Summer Concert Series at the Harveys Outdoor Arena.
Darius Rucker is confirmed to replace Lionel Richie.
Eurozone industrial new orders growth slowed more than expected January, as demand for capital and non-durable consumer goods dropped.
Eurozone industrial new orders growth slowed more than expected January, as demand dropped.
HSBC has opted not to sell its headquarters building at 452 Fifth Avenue in Manhattan after bids came in between $400 million and $500 million last week.
HSBC has opted not to sell.
Converge announced that they released on their Myspace a new song from their upcoming album ``Axe To Fall.''
Converge released a new song.
A Scottish ski resort is to open all of its ski lifts for the first time in six years.
A ski resort is to open all of its lifts.
June 4, a Grand Blanc Township woman reported that she had been scammed for more than $2,700 by a fraudulent employer.
A Grand Blanc Township woman reported she had been scammed by a fraudulent employer.
The Fasig-Tipton Co. has cataloged 160 yearlings for its Saratoga sale of selected yearlings on August 8-9 in Saratoga Springs, New York, down 20.8% from the 202 yearlings cataloged a year ago.
The Fasig-Tipton Co. has cataloged 160 yearlings for its Saratoga sale.
Minister of Finance Winston Dookeran has hailed Pundit Hardath Maharaj of Cumuto as ``a true nation builder.''
Winston Dookeran has hailed Pundit Hardath Maharaj as a true nation builder.
Israel shot down a drone Thursday as it approached its northern coast from neighboring Lebanon, raising suspicions that the Hezbollah militant group was behind the infiltration attempt.
Israel shot down a drone.
The cause of the fish kill in the waters off the southwestern peninsula may never be known because the micro-biologist working with the Institute of Marine Affairs may not get the fish samples needed to do the tests.
The cause of the fish kill may never be known.
The First Lady of the United States, Michelle Obama has said she will ``keep in mind'' a visit to Galway and that her staff will be asked to make a note of it.
The First Lady, Michelle Obama has said she will keep in mind a visit to Galway.
Chennai, Aug 7 The Indian economy is expected to grow at eight percent this fiscal, and inflation would moderate in a year's time, said a top government official here Thursday.
Chennai, The economy is expected to grow at eight percent this fiscal.
Washington, July 23 Air pollution, known for its damaging impact on health, is also fast degrading major ecosystems, according to a report.
Washington, Air pollution is degrading major ecosystems.
The brokerage firm Stifel Nicolaus is staying in downtown St. Louis and plans to buy its office and expand.
The firm Stifel Nicolaus is staying in downtown St. Louis.
Rocker Ozzy Osbourne has confirmed he and wife Sharon are not divorcing after 31 years of marriage, despite the rumours that the couple were spotted without wedding rings and are living apart.
Ozzy Osbourne and Sharon are not divorcing.
Police intercepted another 'suspicious package' destined for Celtic manager Neil Lennon as the fallout from the latest bitterly contested Old Firm derby continues.
Police intercepted another package destined for Neil Lennon.
Impunity to those who attack journalists is hampering press freedom in Pakistan and all stakeholders including media organisations, government and civil society should join hands to devise some mechanisms for better safety of working journalists, said speakers of a round table here on Saturday.
Impunity to those who attack journalists is hampering press freedom said speakers.
China will cut interest rates from Friday, the central bank said, for the first time since 2008 amid concerns over a growth slowdown in the world's second largest economy.
China will cut interest rates amid concerns over a growth slowdown.
India will launch three satellites next month and two more by the end of this year, said a senior official in Chennai.
India will launch three satellites next month.
Srinagar Sept 20 Curfew remained imposed in Srinagar, Anantnag, Shopian and other parts of Kashmir as a 33-member all party delegation, headed by Union Home Minister P Chidambaram and comprising representatives from the mainstream political parties, arrived here Monday to assess the situation in Kashmir where 105 people died in violence since June 11.
Curfew remained imposed in Srinagar, Anantnag.
Liverpool target Sylvain Marveaux, 25, has agreed terms to join Newcastle United after agreeing a five-year-deal at St. James' Park.
Liverpool target Sylvain Marveaux has agreed to join Newcastle United.
Amazon Web Services LLC, an Amazon.com company today announced new managed services for Windows developers with the worldwide launch of Amazon Relational Database Services for Microsoft SQL Server and ASP.NET support for AWS Elastic Beanstalk.
Amazon Web Services LLC, today announced new managed services for Windows developers with the worldwide launch.
The Alabama softball team is tournament tested in more ways than one.
The Alabama softball team is tournament tested.
China will provide Armenia with 88 ambulances as a grant the next week, Armenian healthcare Minister Arutyunyan Kushkyan said today, News Armenia reports.
China will provide Armenia with 88 ambulances.
The rumors are true, teen heartthrob Robert Pattinson has signed on to play the deceased king of pop in the Michael Jackson biopic.
Robert Pattinson has signed on to play the king of pop in the biopic.
Al-Qaida deliberately targeted Canadians when it bombed a bus full of SNC-Lavalin employees this week, leaving 12 dead and 15 wounded, its Algerian branch said Friday.
Al-Qaida targeted Canadians it bombed.
In a poll conducted by Public Policy Polling, whose function is to ``put out highly accurate polling on key political races across the country,'' according to its website, 46 percent of Mississippians believe that interracial marriage should be illegal.
46 percent of Mississippians believe interracial marriage should be illegal.
A grandfather has spoken of his surprise at discovering he was the inspiration for Dennis the Menace.
A grandfather was the inspiration for Dennis the Menace.
In response to a ``tough'' education budget released by Education Minister Dave Hancock Feb. 24, parents are concerned with the potential impact on student learning and the future of Alberta classrooms.
Parents are concerned.
The 9/11 memorial in New York City was opened to the public for the first time on Monday.
The 9/11 memorial was opened to the public.
Hinduism is not a religion, but a way of life, RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat said on Monday night in his maiden speech at the end of a month-long training camp at the RSS headquarters in Nagpur.
Hinduism is not a religion, but a way of life.
In a rare case, Mahindra Satyam that bought the scam-affected Satyam Computer Services has filed a suit against B. Ramalinga Raju, founder Chairman of the latter, and others in a city civil court Hyderabad, seeking damages, reports said.
Mahindra Satyam has filed a suit against B. Ramalinga Raju and others.
TMZ.com Leicester Bryce Stovell filed a $4 million lawsuit against... http://bit.ly/av0eZw 3 hours ago sportshoodies LeBron James Scoffs at Paternity Lawsuit:
LeBron James Scoffs at Paternity Lawsuit.
Nonprofit reproductive health services organization Pathfinder International has renewed its 23,329-square-foot lease in Watertown and expanded there by 6,838 square feet.
Pathfinder International has renewed and expanded there.
A female pedestrian was killed by a Caltrain in San Mateo on Monday evening, an agency spokeswoman said.
A pedestrian was killed by a Caltrain in San Mateo.
Environmental officials say a weeklong fire is threatening at least 10,000 birds in a huge nesting site in western Brazil.
A fire is threatening in a nesting site in Brazil.
August 01, 2011 Hollywood stars Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt, in a surprise visit to Bosnia, on Saturday attended the closing ceremony of the Sarajevo Film Festival at which the actress received an honorary award.
August 01, 2011 Hollywood stars Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt, in a surprise visit to Bosnia, on Saturday attended the closing ceremony.
DANIEL AGGER has delivered a scathing assessment of Liverpool, accusing them playing like ``headless chickens'' in the stalemate with Swansea.
DANIEL AGGER has delivered a scathing assessment of Liverpool.
Yesterday, Setton Farms of Terra Bella Inc. expanded their voluntary pistachio recall due to potential salmonella contamination.
Setton Farms of Terra Bella Inc. expanded their pistachio recall.
The use of a nasal continuous positive airway pressure machine for more than 2 years may cause craniofacial changes in adults with obstructive sleep apnoea, according to a study published in the October issue of the journal CHEST.
The use of a nasal continuous positive airway pressure machine may cause craniofacial changes.
Africa needs to adopt biotechnology to feed its starving millions, experts stressed at a conference in Entebbe, Uganda early this week.
Africa needs to adopt biotechnology to feed its starving millions.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson has just received his new Chevrolet Volt and he says ``it's the car of the future I think the Volt is absolutely phenomenal. A friend of mine drove one in the States and kept going on and on about it, so when I had the opportunity I said 'yeah I'm going to try it because it's the car of the future, really'. I'm very pleased with it.''
Manager Sir Alex Ferguson has received his Chevrolet Volt.
Australian actor Sam Worthington is a strong favorite to play the coveted character of the 'Phantom' in the latest movie adaptation of the comic book.
Sam Worthington is a favorite to play the character of the Phantom.
Aberdeen boss Craig Brown has revealed that he will retire at the end of the season.
Aberdeen boss Craig Brown has revealed he will retire.
Russell Pearce, the sponsor of the controversial SB 1070 law that sparked a new flash point in the country's immigration debate, is facing a recall election in his district in Arizona.
Russell Pearce, the sponsor of the SB 1070 law, is facing a recall election.
Anglo American Plc said Anglo American Platinum Ltd. issued an update in respect of its Rustenburg operations.
Anglo American Platinum Ltd. issued an update in respect of its Rustenburg operations.
InterContinental Hotels \u0026 Resorts announced an exclusive partnership with Agraria, America's oldest and largest luxury home fragrance company, to provide guest amenities at the 170 InterContinental hotels and resorts around the world, beginning next summer.
InterContinental Hotels \u0026 Resorts announced an exclusive partnership with Agraria.
Citrix is moving into the mobile network optimization market with its announced purchase of Bytemobile.
Citrix is moving into the mobile network optimization market.
May 17, 2010 MTSU women's basketball assistant coach Tom Hodges was introduced as Morehead State new head coach on Monday.
May 17, Tom Hodges was introduced as Morehead State coach.
Three Forward Bloc activists were shot dead by armed Maoists in Purulia district, police said today.
Three Forward Bloc activists were shot dead by Maoists.
Google has released the first update of its much-anticipated head-mounted Glass, which, although only reaches the shelves towards the end of the year, has already been in the hands of developers since February.
Google has released the first update of its Glass.
The Coast Guard rescued six people from a disabled 38-foot boat in the Ponce De Leon Inlet.
The Coast Guard rescued from a boat in the Ponce De Leon Inlet.
Kate Moss has said she never wanted to be a model and thought the profession was 'vain' and 'embarrassing'.
Kate Moss never wanted to be a model.
Cleveland native John Ford was caught on tape eating the evidence after he was arrested for allegedly robbing a local bank.
John Ford was caught eating the evidence after he was arrested.
State Sen. Scott White was found dead in his hotel room at the Suncadia Resort on Friday night.
State Sen. Scott White was found dead in his hotel room.
NICOLE Richie showed off her slender post-baby body yesterday, just twenty days after giving birth.
NICOLE Richie showed off her post-baby body.
Celtic striker Scott McDonald admits that he is a moaner on the field but it's all for a good reason.
Celtic striker Scott McDonald admits he is a moaner.
Actor Stacy Keach, who's been starring on a Los Angeles stage in a touring version of ``Frost/Nixon,'' suffered a mild stroke but is not expected to have any permanent impairment.
Stacy Keach suffered a mild stroke.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe should be removed from office by force if necessary and South Africa should help, a senior member of the breakaway party from the ruling African National Congress said today.
Zimbabwe's Robert Mugabe should be removed by force and South Africa should help.
The National Weather Service has issued a flash flood watch for portions of the Northeast from western New England to New York's Catskill Mountains.
The National Weather Service has issued a flash flood watch.
Nashville Predators defenseman Shane O'Brien was suspended two games by the NHL on Friday.
Shane O'Brien was suspended two games.
Germany will not install body scanner at the airport before finishing relative tests for the machines, German government said on Monday, rejecting pressure to follow the example of Britain and the Netherlands immediately.
Germany will not install body scanner before finishing tests.
The Washington Capitals eliminated the New York Rangers in five games in a best-of-seven, first-round NHL Eastern Conference playoff series.
The Washington Capitals eliminated the New York Rangers.
A former St. Albans police officer was sentenced Monday to five months in prison and seven months home confinement on federal gun charges.
A former police officer was sentenced.
Czech Airlines celebrates the 85th anniversary of the launch of its operations.
Czech Airlines celebrates the 85th anniversary.
EPiServer, the world's fastest growing provider of platforms to drive online engagement, has boosted its partner network to 500 active partners worldwide, to take advantage of increasing demand for engaging websites that deliver results.
EPiServer, the world's provider, has boosted its partner network to 500 active partners worldwide.
A day after a separatists-sponsored shutdown, life returned to normal in Kashmir Valley today as shops and businesses opened and vehicles plied on roads.
A day after a shutdown, life returned to normal in Kashmir Valley.
Dry conditions and hot weather have heightened wildfire danger in western Missouri and throughout the state.
Dry conditions have heightened wildfire danger.
French tennis player Nathalie Dechy is retiring to concentrate on her family life.
French tennis player Nathalie Dechy is retiring.
Amidst well-publicized reports that state Rep. Lewis Evangelidis of the 1st Worcester District was considering a run for Worcester County sheriff, the Landmark sat down to discuss the future with Evangelidis.
Lewis Evangelidis was considering a run for sheriff.
Farm families won a hard-fought battle on Thursday when the US Department of Labor formally withdrew the proposed rule that would have prevented many young people from working in agriculture.
Farm families won a battle the US Department of Labor withdrew the rule that would have prevented young people from working in agriculture.
Police are appealing for help and information following an assault in Bath on Sunday April 4.
Police are appealing for help and information following an assault in Bath.
The Army is drilling two geothermal wells at its Hawthorne Army Depot to power a generating plant that will be capable of providing electricity to approximately 50,000 homes in Western and Northern Nevada as well as the base, according to a senior Pentagon official.
The Army is drilling two geothermal wells.
A Koromiko man hit his ex-partner, pushed her over and threatened her with a softball bat because of a dispute over their relationship break-up.
A man hit his ex-partner.
Reliance Natural Resources chairman Anil Ambani on Tuesday accused the Petroleum Ministry of being biased in the legal dispute with brother Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries over the price of natural gas from the Krishna-Godavari basin.
Anil Ambani accused the Petroleum Ministry of being biased.
John Leguizamo, voice of Sid the Sloth in the blockbuster ``Ice Age'' film franchise, presented ``Ice Age:
John Leguizamo presented Ice Age.
50 Cent has said that he always knew he would grow up to be rich and famous.
50 Cent always knew he would grow up to be rich.
Canadian scientists have discovered how to turn an embryonic stem cell into a so-called ``master'' heart cell that can then turn into an ``endless supply'' of three different cell types found in a human heart, according to an online edition of the journal Nature posted on Wednesday.
Canadian scientists have discovered to turn an embryonic stem cell into a heart cell.
and thousands of Bay Area students still need to get a required whooping cough vaccine before classes start.
And thousands of students still need to get a whooping cough vaccine.
The referendum on the abolition of the Seanad is likely to take place in October, the same month as the budget.
The referendum on the abolition of the Seanad is likely to take place in October.
Ella Henderson has said that she would love to duet with Adele in the final of the talent show.
Ella Henderson would love to duet with Adele.
Bank of Japan on Tuesday decided to expand the size of its asset purchase by JPY 10 trillion to JPY 30 trillion in order to overcome deflation and achieve sustainable economic growth.
Bank of Japan decided to expand the size of its asset purchase to JPY 30 trillion.
Vasquez, who just returned to practice on Tuesday, worked with the first team for the first time today.
Vasquez worked with the first team.
Spiderman wasn't in any danger during show stoppage, he insists.
Spiderman wasn't in any danger.
Luton have denied all 17 charges made against them relating to alleged irregular payments they made to agents between July 2004 and 2007.
Luton have denied all 17 charges.
KARIM Benzema rescued a point for Lyon as the French champions drew 2-2 with Fiorentina in their opening UEFA Champions League Group E match.
KARIM Benzema rescued a point for Lyon.
New Zealand dollar spiked up further against major currencies during New York mid-day session on Friday.
New Zealand dollar spiked further against major currencies.
Verint Systems, a maker of communications and security software, said Monday that it's acquiring Comverse Technology, a holding company that owns both Verint and telecom billing software and services company Comverse Inc.
Verint Systems's acquiring Comverse Technology.
Tata Communications Ltd. is in talks to offer telecommunication infrastructure services to Reliance Industries Ltd., as the energy company led by billionaire Mukesh Ambani prepares to launch wireless broadband services.
Tata Communications Ltd. is in talks to offer infrastructure services to Reliance Industries Ltd..
Ownership of the bankrupt Christ Hospital in Jersey City has finally changed hands, with a for-profit entity taking control of the Palisade Avenue medical facility nearly one year after Christ Hospital declared itself for sale.
Ownership of the bankrupt Christ Hospital in Jersey City has finally changed hands.
Revision3, the online video firm which produces and distributes original shows such as Diggnation, has acquired the rights to Hak5, a grass roots Web series centered on do-it-yourself, at home IT projects.
Revision3 has acquired the rights to Hak5.
Former York City winger Craig Nelthorpe has signed for Blue Square Bet Premier rivals Gateshead.
Craig Nelthorpe has signed for rivals Gateshead.
Third-placed Juventus kept the pressure on in Serie A as they won 3-1 at Catania, while Sampdoria thrashed Bari and Bologna put their off-field distractions to one side.
Juventus kept the pressure.
France wants to clamp down on Internet piracy with a new agency to warn and punish cybersurfers who download illegally from the web, according to a bill presented to cabinet yesterday.
France wants to clamp down on Internet piracy.
Donald Duck, one of the favorite Disney cartoon characters, is all set to turn 77 on Thursday.
Donald Duck is set to turn 77 on Thursday.
Authorities in Washington state have seized 39 horses, many of them found in standing in dung and urine in filthy stalls.
Authorities have seized 39 horses, many found in standing in filthy stalls.
Former state Rep. Dennie Oxley II appeared today in a Marion County court, a day after he was charged with misrepresenting himself as a current state legislator last week to avoid arrest for public intoxication.
Rep. Dennie Oxley II appeared in a court.
Two Indonesian men have been jailed for sheltering terrorists behind last year's attacks on two Jakarta hotels that killed seven people, including three Australians.
Two men have been jailed for sheltering terrorists.
Arla Foods has launched a new direct milk supply contract as part of a recruitment drive to secure an additional 500m litres of milk a year from UK farmers.
Arla Foods has launched a new direct supply contract.
Canada on Sunday confirmed that at least six cases of swine flu have been found in the country, according to health officials, Xinhua reported.
Canada confirmed at least six cases of swine flu have been found.
Minnesota center Ralph Sampson III could miss the Big Ten tournament because of a knee injury.
Ralph Sampson III could miss the Big Ten tournament.
A Chinese fugitive could be freed from the Fraser Regional Correctional Centre as early as today if Immigration and Refugee Board officials don't deem him to be a flight risk.
A Chinese fugitive could be freed early as today.
A fuel tanker rammed through a funeral cortege at Bibiani Old Town on Saturday, killing five mourners instantly and severely injuring several others, local police have said.
A fuel tanker rammed through a funeral cortege, killing five mourners.
George P. Bush, a recently announced candidate for land commissioner and the grandson of former President George Bush, talked about the Eagle Ford Shale while at an event Friday in New Braunfels.
George P. Bush talked about the Eagle Ford Shale.
Muammar Gaddafi has issued a defiant message from hiding in which he vowed ``never to leave the land of his ancestors'' and denied claims he had fled the country for neighbouring Niger.
Muammar Gaddafi has issued a defiant message from hiding.
The $5bn Barzan gas field joint venture between Qatar Petroleum and ExxonMobil has been delayed by up to one year to cut costs, reported MEED.
The $ 5bn Barzan gas field venture has been delayed.
Iran condemned on Sunday the recent Israeli airstrikes on Syria and urged regional countries to resist such acts of 'aggression,' Fars news agency reported, referring to Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehman-Parast.
Iran condemned the Israeli airstrikes on Syria.
The space shuttle Endeavour was given a ``go'' for launch Wednesday, clearing the way for its final flight and the second last of the space shuttle program.
The shuttle Endeavour was given a go, clearing for its final flight.
Ex-Beatle Paul McCartney, 65, had a ``secret'' routine heart operation last autumn from which he has recovered well, his spokesman told yesterday's edition of the Daily Mirror newspaper.
Paul McCartney had a secret operation.
Senior DMK leader and Lok Sabha MP TR Baalu has demanded new rail link projects for Tamil Nadu in the coming Rail budget, a new railway terminal in Rayapuram and making bi-weekly Chennai-Rajdhani a daily service.
Leader and TR Baalu has demanded new rail link projects for Tamil Nadu.
Binyamin Netanyahu, Israel's leading candidate to become the country's next prime minister, said he would topple the Hamas regime in Gaza if he is elected.
Binyamin Netanyahu said he would topple the Hamas regime in Gaza.
A body found in a cave in southern Indiana may be that of a missing spelunker.
A body found in a cave may be that of a missing spelunker.
Icelandic musician Björk premiered her new music video for her song 'Mutual Core' from her upcoming Biophilia remix album Bastards at the Museum of Contemporary Art in LA last night.
Björk premiered her new music video.
Iguodala finished as the league leader in minutes played and minutes per game after playing 47 minutes in the finale.
Iguodala finished as the league leader in minutes.
LONDON - Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he has no plans to retire as he approaches his 60th birthday.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he has no plans to retire.
At 10:25 hours IST,the benchmark Sensex was trading with marginal gains, led by financial, realty, technology, metal, capital goods and select auto companies' shares.
The Sensex was trading with marginal gains.
SEOUL - The Bank of Korea is expected to keep its benchmark rate unchanged for the seventh straight month in March as it continues to balance between managing a moderating economy and rising prices, economists said.
The Bank of Korea is expected to keep its benchmark rate unchanged for the seventh straight month.
Former NBA star Dennis Rodman pleaded no contest to misdemeanor spousal battery Tuesday and was ordered to undergo counseling and to perform highway or other physical labor.
Dennis Rodman pleaded no contest to misdemeanor spousal battery.
Chinese Vice Premier Wang Qishan reaffirmed Beijing was sticking to a ``prudent'' monetary policy in remarks published yesterday, and stressed the need for banks to increase support for small firms and the agricultural sector.
Wang Qishan reaffirmed Beijing was sticking to a monetary policy.
BC-GLFChevron Challenge,0266 Kim takes the lead at Chevron Challenge Eds:
0266 Kim takes the lead at Chevron Challenge Eds.
Airbus has started transporting the first aircraft segments, including the composite tailplane, to the new single-aisle assembly line in Tianjin, China.
Airbus has started transporting the first aircraft segments to the assembly line in Tianjin, China.
A group of complex systems theorists at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich has concluded, after analyzing the relationships among 43,060 transnational corporations that 147 companies control about 40% of the world's wealth.
147 companies control about 40% of the world's wealth.
A senior al Qaeda operative, Abu Hafs al-Shahri, was killed in northwest Pakistan earlier this week, US officials said Thursday.
A senior al Qaeda operative was killed in Pakistan, US officials said.
A proposed Newton casino and resort hotel would be built adjacent to the Iowa Speedway on Interstate Highway 80, providing a ``golden opportunity'' to add another major attraction to the community, casino supporters said Monday night.
A Newton casino would be built adjacent to the Iowa Speedway.
Turkey's foreign minister said on Friday that Turkey would launch an initiative at the United Nations Office in Geneva for humanitarian aid to Syria.
Turkey would launch an initiative for humanitarian aid to Syria.
Michelin is to cut 730 jobs at one of its French plants, prompting angry protests from trade unions, as the tyremaker became the latest automotive manufacturer to react to a slide in demand in Europe.
Michelin is to cut 730 jobs at one of its French plants.
The Missouri S\u0026T Symphonic Band and Wind Symphony will perform their first concert of the spring semester at 2 pm Sunday, Feb. 22, in Leach Theater of Castleman Hall.
The Missouri S\u0026T Symphonic Band and Wind Symphony will perform.
The long-awaited Minnesota Vikings stadium bill has formally landed in the bill queue at the Capitol.
The Minnesota Vikings stadium bill has landed at the Capitol.
After playing a cop in Sriram, Uday Kiran is set to play a cop for a second time in his forthcoming film, to be directed by Balaji N Sai.
Uday Kiran is set to play a cop.
Sharon Osbourne, Ozzy not divorcing, she says on 'The Talk' Sharon Osbourne says she and husband Ozzy aren't splitting.
Sharon Osbourne, Ozzy not divorcing, she says on The Talk.
Crimea is ready to provide holidays for children from Russian regions affected by peat and forest fires.
Crimea is ready to provide holidays for children from Russian regions.
US states face years of fiscal crisis, even after the economy rebounds, without fundamental reforms in the way state governments function, a report warns.
States face years of fiscal crisis.
A Texas man was injured Monday when he fell from one of the railroad bridges at Meadowlake Park.
A man fell from one of the railroad bridges.
FBR Capital Markets Corporation, a leading investment bank serving the middle market, announced today that it has launched a Prime Brokerage platform within its Institutional Brokerage group.
FBR Capital Markets Corporation has launched a Prime Brokerage platform.
MISMANAGEMENT and lack of coordination marred the ceremony held on Wednesday to recognise the achievement of position-holders of matriculation annual examination 2010, thanks to the authorities of the Board of Intermediate \u0026 Secondary Education, Lahore.
MISMANAGEMENT marred the ceremony.
Prime Minister Mario Monti of Italy won a confidence vote in the Lower House on Friday, speeding up the parliamentary passage of the 30-billion-euro budget bill aimed at restoring market confidence in the Italian economy and restarting its sluggish growth.
Mario Monti won a confidence vote.
Kim Kardashian doesn't want to receive baby gifts and she and Kanye West have instead asked for donations to be sent to a children's hospital.
Kim Kardashian doesn't want to receive baby gifts.
A 36-year-old Yakima man was stabbed to death sometime after a bar fight early this morning.
A Yakima man was stabbed to death.
The final 12 member Samurai team to the Uprising Fiji International 7s will be known at the end of the week.
The final 12 member Samurai team will be known at the end of the week.
that Rubens Barrichello will test an IndyCar at Sebring next Monday/Tuesday with KV Racing.
Rubens Barrichello will test an IndyCar.
YouTube users are now uploading 100 hours worth of video to the content viewing platform every single minute.
YouTube users are now uploading 100 hours worth of video every minute.
Four police officers were killed Tuesday in an attack by suspected communist rebels in the Philippines, an army brigade commander said.
Four police officers were killed by communist rebels in the Philippines.
More businesses are hiring debt collectors to improve their cash flow during the financial crisis, a leading collection agency says.
Businesses are hiring debt collectors, a agency says.
The Orioles today announced that they have acquired RHP SCOTT PROCTOR from the San Francisco Giants in exchange for cash considerations.
The Orioles have acquired RHP SCOTT PROCTOR from the San Francisco Giants.
A briefcase that turned out to be empty prompted the evacuation of a shopping center this morning, according to police.
A briefcase prompted the evacuation of a shopping center.
Senator and presidential hopeful John McCain visited New Hampshire today and spoke to a crowd of over 400 people telling them how necessary the state is to him winning the election.
John McCain visited New Hampshire.
Cable \u0026 Wireless completed its long-awaited demerger yesterday in a move that sees the creation of separate companies for its blue-chip and regional telecoms operations.
Cable \u0026 Wireless completed its demerger.
Pope Benedict XVI will visit Cuba in March and perform two open-air masses on the communist island as part of his upcoming trip to Mexico and Cuba, Roman Catholic Church officials said on Sunday.
Pope Benedict XVI will visit Cuba.
A Saudi cleric has announced on his television show that he will visit Jerusalem next week to bolster Muslim claims to the city.
A Saudi cleric has announced he will visit Jerusalem.
Assemblywoman Nancy Calhoun today announced that she is sponsoring a bill that aims to reduce property taxes on already overburdened homeowners and businesses in New York state.
Nancy Calhoun is sponsoring a bill that aims to reduce property taxes.
The number of active smartphone users around the world has topped 1 billion, according to a global research and consulting firm, and that number is only increasing.
The number of smartphone users has topped 1 billion.
Samsung Electronics posted record quarterly profit of $5.15-billion, driven by booming sales of its smartphones and the Galaxy Note 'phablet', which it hopes will show it has a flair for innovation to match rival Apple Inc. .
Samsung Electronics posted record quarterly profit.
Indiana Democrats holed up in Illinois for weeks are back in Indiana.
Democrats are back.
The Indian rupee eased on Monday tracking weaker domestic shares but industrial output was eyed for further cues.
The rupee eased tracking weaker domestic shares.
Cabinet leaks and a Mark Latham ambush almost brought down Labor in the election, the party's federal boss says.
Leaks and a Mark Latham ambush almost brought down Labor.
London: 20th March 2008 - Last.fm today announced a partnership with Netlog, one of Europe's biggest social networks, which will allow users to add Last.fm widgets to their profile pages.
Last.fm today announced a partnership with Netlog.
British MP Paul Flynn says the majority of public opinion wants UK troops withdrawal from Afghanistan.
The majority of public opinion wants UK troops withdrawal.
Finns perceive more threats around them now than during the cold war.
Finns perceive more threats.
6 persons have been killed when a city rider bus catches fire on Friday morning near Bhanjanagar in Ganjam ditrict.
6 persons have been killed a bus catches fire near Bhanjanagar.
A marine who grew up in Baytown and moved to Mathis near Corpus Christi was killed in Afghanistan.
A marine who grew up in Baytown was killed in Afghanistan.
Marisa Miller has been named the new NFL spokesperson, her rep confirms to Gossip Cop.
Marisa Miller has been named the NFL spokesperson.
Australia's most wanted fugitive -- a survival expert who outwitted police for seven years by living in dense and rugged forest -- was finally captured in a remote cabin today.
Australia most wanted fugitive was captured.
In a major relief for former president Mohamed Nasheed, the Maldivian high court on Monday stayed temporarily the trial against him in a abuse of power case till it decides legitimacy of the bench of the lower court.
The court stayed the trial against Mohamed Nasheed.
Sugar refiner and sweetener maker Tate \u0026 Lyle said on Wednesday it had made a satisfactory start to its financial year and was on track to make progress for the year as a whole.
Tate \u0026 Lyle said it had made a satisfactory start to its year.
Christmas tree permits are now available from the Mendocino National Forest for this holiday season.
Christmas tree permits are available.
A Russian paraglider pilot got lost in India during the Himalaya mountains expedtion.
A Russian paraglider pilot got lost during the Himalaya expedtion.
The Hornets are involved in trade discussions with several teams to improve their bench, so starters Chris Paul and David West won't have to continue playing extended minutes.
The Hornets are involved in trade discussions.
Miley Cyrus gets swatted again and this time the call came in from a female giving Miley's address.
Miley Cyrus gets swatted again.
Critically acclaimed album heavy-rock masterminds Mastodon won a pair of prestigious awards in London this past week for its current album, The Hunter.
Mastodon won a pair of awards for its album, The Hunter.
``Once again, we reiterated that the conflict must be solved in the framework of the OSCE Minsk Group on the principles of the UN Charter and Helsinki Final Act. Threats to use force and armed provocations are unbecoming to the Europe of the 21st century just as xenophobic statements, intolerance, and attempts to revise history,'' President Serzh Sargsyan told reporters at the Presidential Palace following his meeting with European Council President Herman Van Rompuy.
Threats to use force and armed provocations are unbecoming to the Europe of the 21st century.
Former Maldives President Mohamed Nasheed has been charged with illegally ordering the arrest of a senior judge.
Former Maldives President Mohamed Nasheed has been charged.
A Mesa babysitter was sentenced to 6 months in jail Friday, for leaving a toddler in a hot van, 5 Years ago.
A Mesa babysitter was sentenced to 6 months in jail.
Florida led the nation in mortgage delinquency in the third quarter with a 13.09 percent rate, and Orlando's rate was nearly a half-point higher, according to a report released Nov. 13 by TransUnion.
Florida led the nation in mortgage delinquency with a rate.
A 21-year-old Batavia mother is accused of hurting her baby after the infant would not stop crying.
A Batavia mother is accused of hurting her baby.
TTG Digital reports that Gatwick Airport in Sussex plans to expand until it can accommodate 40 million passengers per year by 2020.
Gatwick Airport plans to expand.
A new study released today by my organization, the Violence Policy Center, ranks California counties by their youth homicide victimization rates.
A study, the Violence Policy Center, ranks California counties by their youth homicide victimization rates.
Mike Moroney has spring aspirations for nicely bred two-year-old Sabrage who makes his debut at Caulfield on Saturday.
Sabrage makes his debut at Caulfield.
Arsenal midfielder Emmanuel Frimpong will join Wolves on loan from January 1 until the end of the season, the north London club have confirmed on their website.
Emmanuel Frimpong will join Wolves on loan.
Lord Mandelson and Lord Prescott may both have been targeted by phone hackers working for a tabloid newspaper, it has been claimed.
Lord Mandelson and Lord Prescott may both have been targeted by phone hackers.
The US Coast Guard has warned that proposed California Air Resources Board low-sulphur fuel regulation for ships could lead to equipment failures and loss of power, according to a report in Marine Log.
The US Coast Guard has warned fuel regulation could lead to equipment failures.
Steel Beam Theatre of St. Charles seeks candidates for seats on its 11-member board of directors.
Steel Beam Theatre seeks candidates for seats on its board of directors.
Pune, Apr 11 Rajasthan Royals skipper Rahul Dravid won the toss and elected to bat against Pune Warriors in their IPL match, here today.
Rahul Dravid won the toss and elected to bat.
The Colorado Rockies got a pair of pitching reinforcements Wednesday, claiming Livan Hernandez off waivers from the Minnesota Twins and activating Jeff Francis from the disabled list.
The Colorado Rockies got, claiming Livan Hernandez off waivers.
The Golden League athletics series is to be doubled from six to 12 meets from 2010 onwards, a top official of the International Association of Athletics Federation said Sunday.
The Golden League athletics series is to be doubled to 12 meets.
On the evening of June 1, the Nevada legislature passed SB 212, which provides for a distribution requirement for statewide initiatives.
The Nevada legislature passed SB 212, which provides for a distribution requirement for initiatives.
He lost an appeal of his conviction today.
He lost an appeal.
Irish republican dissidents have issued a coded bomb threat for central London, Scotland Yard has confirmed.
Irish dissidents have issued a bomb threat.
Tate \u0026 Lyle announces that it has entered into a pre-financing agreement with the Jamaican government for the supply of raw sugar.
Tate \u0026 Lyle has entered into a agreement with the Jamaican government for the supply of raw sugar.
Actress Scarlett Johansson has filed a lawsuit against a French publisher over the rights to her name.
Scarlett Johansson has filed a lawsuit against a publisher.
Former Spain striker Raul Gonzalez has kicked off an anti-hunger campaign during which many of Europe's top football clubs will raise awareness of the plight in west Africa's Sahel region, where 10 million people need help.
Raul Gonzalez has kicked off an anti-hunger campaign.
Marquette beats Colgate 84-63 in opener It wasn't quite like playing on an aircraft carrier, but Marquette will certainly take the result.
Marquette beats Colgate 84 63 in opener.
A clash erupted between two groups of the transporters over possession of the transport depot.
A clash erupted between two groups of the transporters.
Nashville-based Pinnacle Financial Partners lost $3.98 million during the fourth quarter, or 12 cents per share, as it increased provisions for bad loans, the bank reported today.
Pinnacle Financial Partners lost $ 3.98 million during the fourth quarter.
Indiana freshman guard Eric Gordon says he's going pro. Gordon announced Monday afternoon that he will to leave IU for the NBA draft.
Eric Gordon's going pro..
Sammir Dattani seems to be on a high these days, ask him why and he says, Its this buzz in the air!
Sammir Dattani seems to be on a high.
Feb 24, 2011 PRINT SHARE COMMENTS Sri Lanka today expressed ``satisfaction'' over resolution of the issue of fishermen with India, saying it ``deeply values'' close bilateral relations with the country.Sri Lankan External Affairs Minister GL Peiris told parliament here that the issue of fishermen between India and Sri Lanka has been resolved.
The issue of fishermen between India has been resolved.
Amanda Knox and her former Italian boyfriend, Raffaele Sollecito, have arrived in court at the start of the 20th and decisive hearing of their joint appeal against convictions for the murder of the British student, Meredith Kercher.
Amanda Knox and her boyfriend, Raffaele Sollecito, have arrived in court.
YourLUME, the Portland-based online retailer dedicated to supporting outdoor causes, announces their newest brand partnership with Sherpani.
YourLUME announces their partnership with Sherpani.
UK exports hit record highs of £25.5 billion in August in a rare bright spot for the British economy.
UK exports hit record highs.
RSU Public Television will rebroadcast its latest documentary, ``Rogers State University: The First 100 Years,'' at 9 pm Thursday.
RSU Public Television will rebroadcast its documentary.
Two construction workers sustained burns when their equipment caught fire earlier this morning, sending one man to the hospital, police said.
Two construction workers sustained burns their equipment caught.
Actress Angelina Jolie says she feels safe ``growing old'' with her partner Brad Pitt.
Angelina Jolie feels safe growing old with her partner.
Stock indexes finished higher Wednesday following reports that China will come to the aid of Europe by investing in a financial rescue fund.
Stock indexes finished higher.
The body of a naked man was found washed up on Burnham beach on Monday morning.
The body was found washed up on Burnham beach.
Tobey Maguire is attached to produce ``Afterburn,'' a comicbook adaptation that Neal Moritz's Original Films is producing.
Tobey Maguire is attached to produce Afterburn.
In a recent study by University of Kentucky researchers, watermelon was shown to reduce atherosclerosis in animals.
Watermelon was shown to reduce atherosclerosis.
Rangers have recalled Scotland Under-21 goalkeeper Grant Adam from Forfar after less than two weeks on loan.
Rangers have recalled Under-21 goalkeeper Grant Adam from Forfar.
Fast bowler Zaheer Khan, who is currently recovering from an injury, will play in Ranji Trophy matches to assess his fitness before the Australian tour scheduled during December.
Zaheer Khan will play in Ranji Trophy matches.
Augusta Resource Corporation announced today that the Toronto Stock Exchange has consented to the adoption of Augusta's previously announced shareholder rights plan, subject to, among other things, shareholder ratification of the Rights Plan no later than six months from the date of adoption.
The Toronto Stock Exchange has consented to the adoption of Augusta's shareholder rights plan.
Minnesota governor and possible presidential hopeful Tim Pawlenty will campaign with Bob McDonnell tomorrow in Richmond.
Tim Pawlenty will campaign with Bob McDonnell.
The setbacks suffered by the Communist movement all over the world, including eastern Europe are only temporary, a Communist youth leader from the eastern Indian state of West Bengal has said.
The setbacks, are temporary, a Communist youth leader.
Red Bulls Tim Cahill ignored doctors orders and played injured in the New York's 2-1 win over the Philadelphia Union, insisting 'players should play regardless'.
Tim Cahill ignored doctors orders.
Union minister for forest and environment Jairam Ramesh today said Rs3000 crore would be spent for setting up sewage treatment plants in 19 Bihar towns under National Ganga River Basin Authority in the next five to six years.
Rs3000 crore would be spent for setting up sewage treatment plants in 19 Bihar towns.
Sachin Tendulkar (Images) hit back at his critics who questioned his inability to strike form in one-day cricket of late, saying he does not bother about the comments of those without any credibility.
Sachin Tendulkar hit back at his critics.
Guidance Software Inc., the World Leader in Digital Investigations™, today announced EnCase® Legal Hold, a web-based litigation hold and tracking solution that is tightly integrated with EnCase® eDiscovery, the industry standard for the identification, search, collection, preservation and processing of electronically stored information.
Guidance Software Inc. today announced EnCase ® Legal Hold, a hold.
Odds of an ECB rate cut are just slightly better than 50/50 as the central bank prepares for its rate-setting meeting tomorrow.
Odds of an ECB cut are slightly better than 50/50.
Tiger Woods is to take an indefinite break from professional golf, admitting he cheated on his wife and bowing to the pressure of two weeks of frenzied media scrutiny of his private life.
Tiger Woods is to take an indefinite break from golf.
VoIP and voice networking solutions developer AudioCodes Ltd. swung to a net loss on lower revenue for the third quarter, missing analysts' revenue and earnings forecasts.
AudioCodes Ltd. swung to a loss on lower revenue.
Palestinian children fly kites to show their solidarity with the Japanese people near a Japanese-funded housing project in Khan Younis in the southern Gaza Strip March 18, 2012.
Palestinian children fly kites to show their solidarity with the Japanese people near a project in Khan Younis.
Sodexo has won a £14.4m contract to manage conference and hotel services at the Stirling Management Centre - an enterprise of the University of Stirling.
Sodexo has won a 14.4m contract.
President of the Republic, Field Marshal Omer Hassan Al Bashir affirmed the importance of the African states cooperation to confront the colonial domination of the great powers.
Omer Hassan Al Bashir affirmed the importance of the African states cooperation.
Bombings and shootings around Iraq killed 22 people and wounded more than 50 on Thursday, authorities said, as a spike in violence made June Iraq's bloodiest month in almost a half a year.
Bombings and shootings around Iraq killed 22 people.
Then join us in congratulating the lovely David Tennant who is apparently getting married today!
The David Tennant is apparently getting married today.
Topless Thai painter stirs debate Updated: 04:18, Tuesday June 19, 2012 An episode of Thailand's Got Talent has stirred a morality debate after a contestant painted a canvas using her bare breasts, drawing a rebuke from the culture minister who called it shocking.
Topless Thai painter stirs debate 04:18.
/Lyudmila Malko/ ``India plans to strengthen cooperation with Kazakhstan'', Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Ambassador of India to Kazakhstan, Ashok Sajjanhar announced during his 2-day reconnaissance visit to the region, Kazinform reports.
Lyudmila Malko / India plans to strengthen cooperation with Kazakhstan.
Two men were arrested and booked with burglary after a wild rooftop chase through a Metairie neighborhood early this morning.
Two men were arrested after a rooftop chase through a Metairie neighborhood.
Verizon has finally implemented a user review feature on their main website.
Verizon has implemented a user review feature.
Irish actor Milo O'Shea, he of the expressive, bushy, and horizontal black slashes above his twinkling dark eyes, died Tuesday, April 2 in New York at age 86.
Milo O'Shea, he, died, April 2 at age 86.
Torchwood executive producer Julie Gardner has said that only 'time will tell' if Torchwood returns for another season or not.
Julie Gardner has said only time will tell if Torchwood returns not.
The TCU men¹s basketball program added a home date for November 22nd when the Horned Frogs square-off against McNeese State with a 7:00 pm tip-off at the Daniel-Meyer Coliseum.
The TCU men¹s basketball program added a home date.
US President Barak Obama telephoned Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu ahead of this week's scheduled proximity talks, mediated negotiations between Israel and the PA handled by US envoy George Mitchell.
Barak Obama telephoned Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu.
Six UN staff were killed when Taliban militants attacked an international guest house in Kabul while a rocket was fired at a foreign-owned hotel in the Afghan capital, forcing 100 guests into an underground bunker.
Six UN staff were killed Taliban militants attacked in Kabul.
Texas Tech travels to New Mexico for Tuesday's game featured on CBS College Sports Network.
Texas Tech travels to New Mexico.
Joanne and Larry Adelman of Solon celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary on Aug. 26 with a family trip to Seven Springs, Pa., followed by a surprise celebration given by their children and grandchildren at the Doo Wops concert at Cain Park.
Joanne celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary.
India and South Korea decided to upgrade their bilateral relations to a 'strategic partnership' that is expected to deepen cooperation in the areas of economy, defense, science technology and culture.
India and South Korea decided to upgrade their bilateral relations to a strategic partnership.
Gong Yoo, who's recently made his comeback to the small screen through KBS' 'Big', has renewed his contract with coffee brand KANU for his second year.
Gong Yoo, who's made, has renewed his contract with KANU.
Local government contractor Mouchel has rejected takeover bids from both Interserve and Costain, as it revealed a 73% drop in pre-tax profits.
Mouchel has rejected takeover bids.
Canadian stocks rose a fourth day, led by banks, after the government pledged more aid for lenders and investors speculated the US will set up a so-called bad bank to purge financial firms of their insolvent assets.
Canadian stocks rose, led by banks.
The Obama administration announced Wednesday plans to scale back rules on health insurance appeals put forth by the 2010 health reform law, according to a Kaiser Health News report.
The Obama administration announced plans to scale back rules on health insurance appeals.
French crooner Henri Salvador, who first went on stage in the cabarets of pre-war Paris and played guitar with Django Reinhardt, died in Paris on Wednesday aged 90, his record company announced.
French crooner Henri Salvador died on Wednesday aged 90.
NASA launched a new communication satellite yesterday to stay in touch with its space station astronauts and relay more Hubble telescope images.
NASA launched a communication satellite.
Syrian has appointed Nawaf al-Faris as its ambassador to Iraq, Al Jazeera's correspondent in Damascus reported.
Syrian has appointed as its ambassador to Iraq.
Specialist insurer Hiscox has warned households against making false economies to try and ease the effects of the economic downturn.
Hiscox has warned against making false economies.
Free one-hour larvicide training is offered by the Bureau and Putnam County Health Department in conjunction with the La Salle County Health Department and the Illinois Department of Public Health.
Larvicide training is offered.
A 23-year-old man pleaded guilty on Friday to stealing an array of tools worth more than €2329.37, from the Corradino Industrial Zone.
A man pleaded guilty to stealing an array of tools.
Air Berlin, a low-fare carrier that is Germany's second largest airline, is joining Oneworld under the sponsorship of British Airways.
Air Berlin is joining Oneworld.
So surely we can make allowances when some Americans think Pippa Middleton is an Adult Film Star after all dare we say 'they have good taste.
Some Americans think Pippa Middleton is an Adult Film Star.
AP Business Writer Samsung Electronics Co. promoted its chairman's only son to vice chairman, putting the 44-year-old closer to the top leadership position at the world's largest maker of memory chips, mobile phones and TVs.
Samsung Electronics Co. promoted its chairman's son to vice chairman.
A new study by scientists in Los Angeles, California has found that bright city lights makes air pollution worse because the glare of the lights interferes with chemical reactions that clean the air of pollution during the night.
City lights makes air pollution worse.
OptionEase, a player in On Demand Software as a Service applications for fair market value accounting and compliance, has closed $2.5 Million in series A financing, led by GADS Option Fund, a private equity fund out of Irvine, California, with participation from the company's current investors.
OptionEase has closed $ 2.5 Million in series A financing.
Dom DeLuise, the big, boistrous comic actor who seemed perpetually on the verge of the giggles as Burt Reynolds' caped crony in the Cannonball Run movies, died in a Los Angeles-area hospital about 6 pm on Monday, E!
Dom DeLuise the actor, died.
Mike Wallace, a pioneering broadcaster and longtime ``60 Minutes'' correspondent noted for his tough interviews, died Saturday night at the age of 93 in a care facility in Connecticut.
Mike Wallace, a broadcaster noted, died at the age of 93.
Baron Davis drives past Jose Calderon and finishes strong at the rim.
Baron Davis drives and finishes strong.
FAIRFAX Media chief executive David Kirk has lashed out at critics of the media group, saying it was ``galling to listen to self-appointed experts prattle from the sidelines''.
FAIRFAX Media chief executive David Kirk has lashed out at critics.
A Jacksonville police officer found dead in his patrol car in front of the Sheriff's Office last week was laid to rest Tuesday.
A Jacksonville police officer found week was laid to rest.
``I don't want the dog to be put down, but the city does,'' Mohamed said.
I don't want the dog to be put down.
India stock futures ended lower on Thursday on continued profit booking in select bluechip counters and as investors exit positions in an uncertain market.
India stock futures ended on profit booking.
TROY, Mich. Friends, family and supporters gathered Friday to pay tribute to the late Dr. Jack Kevorkian, remembering him for his courageous devotion to the cause of physician-assisted suicide, which cost him his freedom late in life.
Family gathered, remembering the Jack Kevorkian for his devotion to the cause.
Westonia Shire chief executive officer Bill Price said he was happy to see work started on the museum.
Work started on the museum.
Palestinian militants in Gaza launched a rocket Tuesday at the Israeli city of Ashkelon after several days of calm, Israeli police said.
Militants launched a rocket at the Israeli city.
Gates arrived in Baghdad today in advance of Tuesday's change of command ceremony, when Lt. Gen. Raymond T. Odierno is scheduled to takes over for Gen. David H. Petraeus as the top US commander.
Gates arrived in Baghdad in advance of Tuesday's change of command ceremony.
DJ AM attended a memorial service Monday for a victim of the plane crash which left him badly burned.
DJ AM attended a memorial service for a victim of the plane crash.
The deputy minister for Education and Vocational Training, Ms Gaudensia Kabaka, has donated 60 wheelchairs to disabled people in all six districts of Mara Region.
The deputy minister has donated 60 wheelchairs.
The Sweet Sioux Tomahawk, long a symbol of the Illinois-Northwestern football rivalry, is going the way of Chief Illiniwek.
The Sweet Sioux Tomahawk is going the way of Chief Illiniwek.
Merryspring is offering a children's gardening program called ``Kids Can Grow'' this spring and summer.
Merryspring is offering a children's gardening program.
VeriComply, Inc. announces the formation of a strategic advisory committee representing 130 years of combined expertise.
VeriComply, Inc. announces the formation of a strategic advisory committee.
A man is attacked while sleeping in his own bed.
A man is attacked while sleeping.
Emmy-award winner actor Bobby Cannavale talks about working with Alan Alda in his new film 'Diminished Capacity.
Bobby Cannavale talks about working in his film Diminished Capacity.
Such is the case as we ran across the rumors coming from Design Week that Banksy is in talks to take the head spot over at D\u0026AD, the UK-based educational charity and host of a big-time annual awards show.
Banksy is in talks to take at D\u0026AD.
Youngsters will be going wild in the woods this Wednesday as they step out onto the new Woodland Woods nature trails.
Youngsters will be going wild in the woods.
A South Jersey legislator has introduced a bill that would move school board and fire district elections to November.
A bill would move school board and fire elections to November.
A GOLD Coast bouncer has lost his security licence after assaulting a person outside a Surfers Paradise nightclub.
A bouncer has lost his licence after assaulting.
Two WellStar Health System hospitals are ranked among the best in metro Atlanta by US News and World Report magazine.
Two WellStar Health System hospitals are ranked among the best.
Reports today claim that Cheryl Cole has turned to religion after her ``worst year ever ''.
Cheryl Cole has turned to religion.
A 17-year-old Tilbury man was arrested in relation to an incident involving his father Sunday on Crawford Street.
A Tilbury man was arrested.
Travel is not recommended on the TransCanada Highway from Tompkins to the Alberta border as a result of snowy conditions.
Travel is not recommended on the TransCanada Highway from Tompkins to the Alberta border.
Crude oil fell below $78 per barrel on Tuesday as shares retreated and on expectations that as low rise in China's currency would have a more limited impact on global demand than initially anticipated.
Oil fell below $ 78.
Municipal food inspectors detected 2,510 violations committed by several eateries, bakeries, juice stalls and coffee shops in Doha this year.
Food inspectors detected 2,510 violations committed this year.
There is no such thing as a free burglar alarm, trading standards officers are warning.
There is no such thing as a free burglar alarm.
Indiana University East was picked to finish first in the conference in a preseason poll released Monday.
Indiana University East was picked to finish first in a preseason poll.
The Arizona Diamondbacks right hand pitcher Daniel Hudson is showing some progress regarding his shoulder injury.
The Arizona Diamondbacks pitcher Daniel Hudson is showing some progress.
Johan Santana snapped the New York Mets out of their recent doldrums, pitching seven effective innings to beat the feisty Florida Marlins 5-3 in the National League on Tuesday.
Johan Santana snapped the New York Mets out of their doldrums.
India cottonseed oilcake, or kapaskhali futures ended higher on Wednesday on short covering, offsetting sluggish demand in the physical market, analysts said.
India oilcake, or kapaskhali futures ended higher on short covering.
Baltimore Ravens tight end Todd Heap limped off the field Saturday morning with a right calf injury.
Todd Heap limped off the field with a calf injury.
Baltimore Orioles minor league right-handed pitcher Daniel McCutchen was suspended 50 games for violating Major League Baseball's drug policy for using a banned substance, the league announced Saturday.
Baltimore Orioles minor league pitcher Daniel McCutchen was suspended 50 games.
British oil giant BP pleaded not guilty to 14 criminal counts Tuesday in federal court in New Orleans, but the company's lawyers said that was only to conform with court procedure and signaled that they intend to plead guilty at a later date.
BP pleaded not guilty to 14 criminal counts.
A Jamie Wyeth portrait of his late father has sold for $2.4 million at an auction to benefit a museum that is devoted to the Maine-related artworks of three generations of Wyeths.
A Jamie Wyeth portrait has sold for $ 2.4 million.
A 52-year-old Ridgetown man accused of possession of child pornography is scheduled to return to court May 5.
A Ridgetown man is scheduled to return to court.
Illinois Sen. Roland Burris says he welcomes an investigation by the Senate's ethics committee and at least one watchdog group is pushing for an investigation.
Roland Burris welcomes an investigation.
Vic man accidentally shot in face Updated: 17:16, Sunday May 19, 2013 A Victorian man is in a serious but stable condition in hospital after a gun accidentally discharged in his face.
Vic man accidentally shot in face Updated.
Traders are ignoring the continued concerns over the eurozone this morning as the FTSE commences the week on the front foot.
Traders are ignoring the continued concerns over the eurozone.
A cutting edge coal recovery company plans is moving its offices to Somerset County from Pittsburgh.
A coal recovery company plans is moving to Somerset County.
We've got two great cases for you of when technology and creativity come together and become something amazing.
We 've got two cases of technology and creativity come together.
Ferdowsi narrated tragic scenes with subtle satire that helps the reader overcome pity and follow the story, Iranian satirist Manuchehr Ehterami said.
Ferdowsi narrated tragic scenes with subtle satire.
With temperatures in the single digits and a wind chill that makes it feel below zero, it's dangerously cold outside.
It's dangerously cold outside.
Major League Baseball has announced that Game 6 of the World Series has been postponed because of inclement weather and a forecast that calls for rain throughout the day.
Game 6 of the World Series has been postponed.
American Patrick Deneen again beat Canada's Mikael Kingsbury to win a World Cup dual moguls event on Sunday, while Canadian teen Justine Dufour-Lapointe secured her first victory of the season in the women's event.
Patrick Deneen beat to win a dual moguls event.
Japanese tech giant Canon has today announced it is to acquire European print company Océ in a move aimed at creating a leader in the global printing industry.
Canon is to acquire company Océ.
Donald Trump will moderate a Republican presidential primary debate to air on ION Television on Dec. 27.
Donald Trump will moderate a Republican debate.
A goods train from Shantahar derailed at Ishwardi station yesterday morning snapping movement of trains on the metre gauge line linking Dhaka for about nine hours.
A train derailed at Ishwardi station.
Defence minister AK Antony will review India's naval preparedness to tackle the enemy in a major exercise off Vishakhapatnam in the next two days during which he would spend his first night on-board the ageing aircraft career INS Viraat.
AK Antony will review India's naval preparedness.
``The Indian film market is a huge market and I am
The Indian film market is a huge market.
Currently, as implied in recent reports, we remain of the opinion that the residential market remains unrealistically priced, or ``over-valued'', but believe that it is not possible to ascertain by how much.
The residential market remains priced, or over-valued.
AEterna Zentaris Inc., a global biopharmaceutical company focused on endocrine therapy and oncology, will announce its second quarter 2008 financial and operating results after market close on Tuesday, August 12, 2008.
AEterna Zentaris Inc. will announce its second quarter 2008 financial and operating results after market close on Tuesday, August 12, 2008.
Matt Damon appeared on US TV ending rumors on the net that he is dead.
Matt Damon appeared on TV ending rumors.
A number of Canadian provinces are turning to online gaming in part to continue their efforts to regulate the online industry of gaming.
A number of Canadian provinces are turning to online gaming.
An Oak Lawn firefighter is to be honored this month in Springfield for his heroic efforts in rescuing another firefighter trapped in a burning residential building last year in nearby Hometown.
An Oak Lawn firefighter is to be honored for his heroic efforts in rescuing another firefighter.
A magnitude 6.6 earthquake shook southern Mexico on Tuesday, according to the US Geological Survey, but there were no immediate reports of damage.
A magnitude 6.6 earthquake shook southern Mexico.
``Nothing will change in tourist sphere of Kyrgyzstan in 2012,'' the chairman of the Tourism Council of Businessmen Union Mikhail Khalitov told a news conference today.
Nothing will change in tourist sphere of Kyrgyzstan in 2012.
The Texas Rangers today announced that outfielder Nelson Cruz will continue his minor league rehab assignment at Triple-A Round Rock beginning on Friday night.
Nelson Cruz will continue his rehab assignment at Round Rock.
You know the saying you are what you eat?
You are what you eat.
Airfix and Scalextric firm Hornby has warned of further price rises as it attempts to mitigate the effects of the weak pound on its business.
Hornby has warned of further price rises.
Arsenal striker Emmanuel Adebayor articulated what many observers believe when he said Arsenal were at a crossroads after seeing their hopes of reaching the Champions League final ended by Manchester United on Tuesday.
Emmanuel Adebayor said Arsenal were at a crossroads.
North Korea may launch provocative acts as it carries out its leadership succession plan, and could disrupt a G20 summit in South Korea next month, Seoul's defence minister said today.
North Korea may launch, and could disrupt a G20 summit.
A judge today refused to revoke the bail of a sex offender who is appealing his conviction and prison sentence.
A judge today refused to revoke the bail of a sex offender.
Dow Chemical Co slashed its quarterly dividend by 64 percent on Thursday as it struggles with a decline in demand and a dispute over its refusal to close a takeover of rival Rohm and Haas Co.
Dow Chemical Co slashed its dividend by 64 percent.
HUNDREDS of feral pigs have been culled in WA's South-West to try and curb disease and stop the introduced pest from ransacking the local environment.
HUNDREDS of feral pigs have been culled.
US Rep. Linda Sanchez announced Thursday that she is pregnant with her first child.
Linda Sanchez is pregnant with her first child.
South African-based Aspen Pharmacare has finalised a deal to acquire Australian pharmaceutical business Sigma Pharmaceuticals for around US$900 million.
Aspen Pharmacare has finalised a deal to acquire Sigma Pharmaceuticals for around $ 900 million.
ITTA BENA, Miss. Ryan Rich recovered a blocked punt in the end zone for a touchdown and Jackson State beat Mississippi Valley State 25-16 on Saturday.
ITTA BENA, recovered and Jackson State beat Mississippi Valley State 25 16.
Nicole 'Snooki' Polizzi has claimed that her fellow Jersey Shore co-stars are jealous of her.
Her Jersey Shore co-stars are jealous of Nicole ' Snooki ' Polizzi.
A man was hurt when he accidentally drove his car over an embankment, police said.
A man drove his car over an embankment.
After leading its peers in the global real estate rebound of 2009, Canada's housing market is now cooling faster than any other country's, and a new batch of data shows no end in sight, experts say.
Canada's housing market is cooling faster.
``House of Lies,'' which premieres Sunday, is a new series from Showtime about management consultants.
House of Lies, which premieres Sunday, is a series from Showtime.
A Reidsville man was shot and killed on the street outside his home early Thursday, and another man was found shot, police say.
A Reidsville man was shot and killed.
Jazz musician Donald Byrd, a leading trumpeter of the 1950s who collaborated on dozens of albums with leading artists of his time, has died at 80.
Donald Byrd, a trumpeter, has died.
Researchers at The University of Texas at Austin have conducted a basic chemistry experiment in what is perhaps the world's smallest test tube, measuring a thousandth the diameter of a human hair.
Researchers have conducted a basic chemistry experiment in what is the world's smallest test tube.
Like most US citizens, you probably weren't aware that the Paralympics began this past Saturday in Beijing, China.
The Paralympics began in Beijing.
Targacept Inc. said in a regulatory filing yesterday that it has completed a public offering of 3.8 million shares of its common stock for $7.07 a share.
Targacept Inc. has completed a public offering of 3.8 million shares for $ 7.07.
Jamaica High School is one of 20 NYC schools slated to be closed due to poor performance.
Jamaica High School is one of 20 NYC schools slated to be closed.
A comprehensive study of old and new manufacturing processes, from machining metal to making carbon nanofibers, shows that the more advanced technologies are less efficient in their use of energy and materials per kilogram of output.
The more advanced technologies are less efficient in their use of energy and materials per kilogram of output.
Oscar Pistorius is ``unlikely'' to be invited to feature in the London Anniversary Games this summer, according to UK Athletics chairman Ed Warner.
Oscar Pistorius is unlikely to be invited to feature in the London Anniversary Games.
A one-year-old infant was killed Monday night in a two car crash.
A infant was killed in a two car crash.
Five doctors have been reported to An Garda Síochána for practising without registration over the past year and a half, but there have been no prosecutions instituted to date in any of the cases.
Five doctors have been reported to An Garda Síochána.
The Sixers, it seems, have become national media darlings overnight, getting coverage from outlets that rarely paid attention to them in the past.
The Sixers have become national media darlings.
Dutch parliamentary election results are leading to a hung parliament, as no party could win majority in the 150-member parliament.
Dutch election results are leading to a hung parliament.
Miss Michigan, Kirsten Haglund, a 19-year-old aspiring Broadway star, was crowned Miss America 2008 on Saturday in Las Vegas in a live show billed as the unveiling of the 87-year-old pageant's new, hipper look.
Michigan, was crowned Miss America 2008.
The NBA has filed for trademark rights to six possible nicknames for the league's new Oklahoma City franchise:
The NBA has filed for rights to six nicknames for the league's Oklahoma City franchise.
``I've got too much to do, I'll never get it all done'' is the lament of our contemporary culture.
I 've got too much to do, I 'll never get it all done is.
With Hakeem Nicks sidelined for three weeks or so with containment syndrome in his lower left leg, the Giants on Tuesday are signing free agent receiver Michael Clayton to a one-year contract for the rest of the season.
The Giants are signing free agent receiver Michael Clayton.
``I'm like: A. I don't think I owe anything to the mainstream media,'' Palin told Van Susteren.
I don't think I owe anything to the mainstream media.
A 61-year-old man was run over by train when he was trying to get down from it here at the Kanpur Central railway station on Wednesday.
A man was run over by train.
Iran has said it plans to build an experimental nuclear fusion reactor, therby ignoring calls from the West that Tehran suspend sensitive nuclear work.
Iran plans to build an nuclear fusion reactor.
``I think I have the best body in Bollywood,'' the 39-year-old said at a book launch event here.
I think I have the best body in Bollywood.
A Russian billionaire dropped a libel case against a British newspaper on Thursday after accepting a public apology over an article he said could lead to suspicions about him being guilty of rape and involved in the death of a journalist.
A billionaire dropped a libel case.
The Wall Street Journal reported today that one of the first major items the banks are looking at are free checking accounts.
One are free checking accounts.
Jamaican sprinter and world and Olympic record holder Usain Bolt said he was feeling ``very good'' at the London Games and that he hopes to ``continue flying''.
Usain Bolt was feeling and he hopes to continue flying.
A 31-year-old German woman gave birth to identical quadruplets, an event so rare doctors place the odds at 13 million to 1, and experts say their are only about 60 such sets in the entire world.
A woman gave birth to identical quadruplets.
A Fergus Falls man who called himself a ``soul collector'' has been sentenced to 10 years in prison for attacking his neighbor.
A Fergus Falls man who called a soul collector has been sentenced for attacking his neighbor.
Senate Minority Leader Bill Raggio, R-Reno, today endorsed Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid in his difficult re-election bid against Republican Sharron Angle.
Senate Minority Leader Bill Raggio today endorsed Harry Reid.
The town of Paradise announced at 1 pm today a warming center has been opened in Paradise at the United Methodist Church Fellowship Hall.
A warming center has been opened in Paradise.
The Reserve Bank of India`s fixed reference rate today for USD at Rs 51.04, down 0.95% against its rate on previous working day at Rs 67.48.
The Reserve Bank fixed reference rate for USD at Rs 51.04.
The former West Australian Premier Brian Burke has been found guilty of one charge of deliberately giving false testimony to the State's corruption watchdog.
The Premier Brian Burke has been found guilty.
The state of Indiana has approved new regulations for teachers, as it was the first state to fully align with the new ``common core state standards.''
The state of Indiana has approved new regulations for teachers.
Greenpeace activists from around the world chained themselves to excavators in a logged peatland forest in Indonesia on Thursday to demand more US action to stop deforestation.
Greenpeace activists chained to demand US action to stop deforestation.
A new report finds exercise reduces hunger in lean women, but not in obese women, which may lead to them eating more after a workout.
Exercise reduces hunger in women.
Athleta plans to open its first Chicago store next year as the women's activewear retailer expands beyond its catalog roots.
Athleta plans to open its first Chicago store next year.
Gov. Steve Beshear is skipping a televised debate on Monday with his two challengers, a move sharply criticized by pundits who think the Democratic incumbent should show up to defend his record.
Steve Beshear is skipping a televised debate.
London, Oct 27 Exercise can make cigarettes less tempting to smokers and may help them kick the habit, says a new study.
Exercise can make cigarettes less tempting.
The AFL has strongly defended its illicit drugs policy in the wake of Mathew Stokes' criminal charges.
The AFL has defended its illicit drugs policy.
Katy Perry worries about whether she can follow up her huge second album 'Teenage Dream' or whether she was just lucky.
Katy Perry worries about she can follow up her Teenage Dream.
Seventh-ranked David Nalbandian beat Russian Igor Andreev in straight sets to give Argentina a 1-0 lead in its Davis Cup semifinal Friday.
David Nalbandian beat Igor Andreev to give Argentina a lead.
Pakistani Prime Minister Syed Yousuf Raza Gilani said on Friday that Pakistan has always stood steadfast and in the forefront to curb the menace against humanity and has forcefully advocated peaceful resolution of conflicts.
Pakistan has always stood steadfast to curb the menace against humanity.
A Sioux City man has been sentenced to 42 months in prison on federal weapons charges, including possession of a machine gun.
A Sioux City man has been sentenced on weapons charges.
CALGARY, Aug. 17 /CNW/ - Connacher Oil and Gas Limited announced today that it has posted an updated corporate slide presentation on its website at www.connacheroil.com.
Connacher Oil and Gas Limited has posted an updated corporate slide presentation on its website.
President Lech Kaczynski has met with Israeli President Simon Peres on the second day of his visit to Israel.
Lech Kaczynski has met with Simon Peres.
TRAVERSE CITY, Mich. Ã¢â‚¬â€ The Detroit Red Wings have started their training camp following a longer-than-usual offseason.
The Detroit Red Wings have started their training camp.
Wealth management firm MLC has hired nine licensee relationship managers to support financial planners within its aligned adviser network.
MLC has hired nine licensee relationship managers.
A new law prohibits people from running as an independent if they cast a partisan vote in the primary election.
A law prohibits from running as an independent.
Stocks to watch on the Australian stock exchange at noon on Monday: down six cents, or 1.33 per cent, at $4.45 Asciano, Australia's largest rail freight and ports operator, has exercised its right to acquire the other 50 per cent of its C3 joint venture in New Zealand for $NZ70 million.
Stocks to watch at noon on Monday.
A former state mental hospital psychologist who treated sex offenders has been sentenced to seven years in prison on child pornography charges.
A former state mental hospital psychologist has been sentenced.
He called for comprehensive immigration reform within his first term in office if elected president.
He called for immigration reform.
A bank was entitled to close the accounts of a customer company against which allegations of fraud had been made.
A bank was entitled to close the accounts.
ESPN.com is reporting that injured Miami Heat forward Chris Bosh could play in Game 5 of the Eastern Conference finals on Tuesday night.
Chris Bosh could play in Game 5.
At least six militants were killed during a Pakistani security operation in the northwestern region of the country, officials said Thursday.
At least six militants were killed during a Pakistani security operation.
Cisco will resell Citrix XenDesktop as part of an integrated desktop virtualisation offering based on the Cisco Unified Computing System.
Cisco will resell Citrix XenDesktop.
TONY Abbott's leadership has come under fresh scrutiny after it was revealed he missed the same parliamentary votes for which former leader Malcolm Turnbull was publicly chastised.
He missed the same votes Malcolm Turnbull was chastised.
China has asked the Dalai Lama to use his ``influence'' to stop violence in Tibet, in a first such statement which said the door for dialogue with him was ``always open'' but stepped up its crackdown in riot-scarred Lhasa, defying global pressure to exercise restraint.
China has asked the Dalai Lama to use his influence.
Albaraka Banking Group BSC's units in Egypt and Turkey are planning to sell Islamic bonds and seek a Shariah-compliant syndicated loan, Chief Executive Officer Adnan Ahmed Yousif said.Al Baraka Bank Egypt ESC, the group's Cairo-based arm, expects to raise 1 billion Egyptian pounds from the sale of 10-year Islamic bonds this summer.
Albaraka Banking Group BSC's units in Egypt and Turkey are planning to sell Islamic bonds, expects.
Boston right-hander Curt Schilling took a significant step in his effort to return from an injured right shoulder when he threw 25 pitches off a bullpen mound at Fenway Park.
Curt Schilling threw off a mound.
A WOMAN who falsely claimed that she had been assaulted has been fined for wasting police time.
A WOMAN has been fined for wasting police time.
Software giant Microsoft is to acquire Rapt, a US-based provider of advertising yield management solutions for digital media publishers, for an undisclosed amount.
Microsoft is to acquire Rapt.
A TEAM of eye specialists at Warwick Hospital have been nominated for a national award following praise from their patients.
A TEAM of eye specialists at Warwick Hospital have been nominated for a national award.
Delta Air Lines is dropping Memphis, Tenn., as a hub airport starting this fall.
Delta Air Lines is dropping Memphis as a hub airport.
Festival Centre at Dubai Festival City will host the country's biggest ever retail promotion during the 10-day Mega Deals carnival that begins today.
Festival Centre will host the country's biggest retail promotion.
Public finances suffered their worst six months on record between April and September, official data showed on Tuesday, with government borrowing more than double what it did in the same period last year.
Public finances suffered their worst six months on record.
Canada's CGI Group said it had agreed to buy Anglo-Dutch IT services company Logica for £1.7bn in a deal to secure more business with blue-chip clients globally.
Canada's CGI Group had agreed to buy Logica for £ 1.7bn.
Eurostat today released a report saying that Europeans can expect to live 62 healthy life years in the EU 27.
Europeans can expect to live 62 healthy years.
Japan may introduce a carbon tax to curb greenhouse gas emissions amid the increased use of fossil fuels to generate power as nuclear reactors remain shut following the Fukushima disaster, the government said.
Japan may introduce a carbon tax to curb greenhouse gas emissions.
Kris Jenner will debut her daytime talk show this summer, Fox announced Monday.
Kris Jenner will debut her daytime talk show.
Fresh hopes have emerged that HMV could be saved after investment firm Hilco bought all the debt in the collapsed music chain, giving it a major say in the future of the retailer.
Fresh hopes have emerged HMV could be saved after investment firm Hilco bought the debt in the collapsed music chain.
A frightened farmer who shot dead a gang associate when threatened on a remote Eastern Bay of Plenty property was cleared of murder in the High Court at Hamilton late today.
A farmer who shot dead a gang associate was cleared of murder.
``I entered this partnership with so much excitement to spend a lifetime with my best friend, and it now fills me with deep sadness to see the dissolution of our marriage,'' writes Heidi Newfield in a statement announcing that she has filed for divorce from husband of seven years, Bill Johnson.
Heidi Newfield has filed for divorce.
A former Liberty Township official faces child molesting charges in a case that authorities said could involve a growing number of alleged victims.
A former Liberty Township official faces charges.
FARM machinery started a grass fire in a paddock in the Mid North of the state this afternoon.
FARM machinery started a grass fire.
A Saskatoon business has been fined after a worker was burned after a workplace explosion on December 1, 2008.
A Saskatoon business has been fined after a worker was burned.
A 25-year-old Tecumseh man died Sunday in a southeast Nebraska traffic crash.
A man died in a crash.
Through the 4th episode of SBS's ``Scent of a Woman'', to be aired on July 31st, Lee Dong Wook will show off his muscular body through a shower scene.
Lee Dong Wook will show off his muscular body.
A motorcyclist has been seriously injured after colliding with a car in northwestern Christchurch today.
A motorcyclist has been seriously injured.
Islamabad police have chalked out security plan for Muharram-ul-Haram, Geo News reported.
Islamabad police have chalked out security plan for Muharram-ul-Haram.
Police in Hampton are looking for a man who robbed a gas station at gunpoint on Wednesday.
Police in Hampton are looking for a man who robbed a gas station.
After weeks of speculation, anticipation and a hearty dose of hype, Apple unveiled the next generation iPhone at a special event in San Francisco on Wednesday.
Apple unveiled the generation.
After placing a newspaper advertisement to sell her ``lady-driven car,'' a young Regina woman says she was groped by the stranger who took it for a test drive.
A woman says she was groped.
Celtic 2 Villareal 0 AS CELTIC restored pride here last night, their hunger probably intensified.
Villareal 0 CELTIC restored pride.
An in-depth review of party manifestoes, through gender perspective, conducted by Aurat Foundation, shows that most political parties contesting Election 2013 have missed out on some vital women related issues in their party manifestos.
Most political parties have missed out on some women issues in their manifestos.
``Ghost Rider'' actress Eva Mendes says she wanted to be a nun since childhood, but gave up her dream after realising that nuns didn't get paid.
Eva Mendes wanted to be a nun.
AP-FBNTravis Henry-Arrest,0120 Ex-Bronco Henry could be free on bail Thursday Eds:
Henry-Arrest, 0120 Ex-Bronco Henry could be free on bail Thursday Eds.
New Delhi ``I wish I could also have been there, but I can't'' Chief Justice of India Altamas Kabir said on Monday while terming the upsurge and protest that took place in the wake of the December 16 gang-rape incident as ``fully justified'' and ``absolutely necessary''.
I wish I could have been there.
Hilton says he got into argument with Fergie and will.i.am of the Black Eyed Peas at a Toronto nightclub early Monday morning and was punched outside the club by Polo Molina, the band's manager.
Hilton says he got and was punched.
THE Sisters of Mercy celebrated 130 years in Ballarat yesterday afternoon with a special mass at St Patrick's Cathedral in front of more than 500 people.
THE Sisters of Mercy celebrated 130 years in Ballarat.
The ``scariest thing I ever saw'' is actually a tie between three movies.
The scariest thing I ever saw is.
President Barack Obama holds a slight lead over his Republican rival, Mitt Romney, in key swing states that could determine the outcome of the 2012 presidential race, a new opinion poll found.
Barack Obama holds a slight lead over his rival, Mitt Romney, in swing states.
A family has been assaulted at its Sydney home after complaining about a loud party on its street.
A family has been assaulted after complaining about a party.
Mobile service operator MTN Nigeria has announced it will add 1,000 base stations and 20 switching centres to its network by the end of 2008 to improve service capacity and quality.
MTN Nigeria will add 1,000 base stations by the end of 2008.
An Erie man remains jailed this morning on charges of assaulting a 14-month-old child in the city on Wednesday night.
An Erie man remains jailed on charges of assaulting a child.
AUSTRALIA has launched legal action at the International Court of Justice to stop Japan's whaling programme, Japanese officials said on Tuesday, calling the move 'extremely regrettable'.
AUSTRALIA has launched legal action.
Attorney Mark O'Mara, who was a legal expert for WKMG-TV in Orlando during in the Casey Anthony murder trial and the ongoing Trayvon Martin death investigation is now representing George Zimmerman, the neighborhood watchman who shot and killed the teen in Sanford.
Mark O'Mara, is now representing George Zimmerman.
A flood watch has been issued for Montgomery County through 7 pm, according to the National Weather Service.
A flood watch has been issued for Montgomery County.
- Rapper Jay-Z plans to bring his 40/40 restaurant and bar franchise to London next year in a deal which will team him up with England and Chelsea soccer player Ashley Cole.
Jay-Z plans to bring his 40/40 restaurant and franchise to London.
Australian brewer Foster's is mulling a big cash handout to ward off the hostile attentions of Peroni and Grolsch owner SABMiller, it was reported today.
Australian brewer Foster is mulling a big cash handout to ward off the hostile attentions, it was reported.
Up to 1,000 Chinese families will host foreign visitors to Beijing this summer as part of an Olympic Homestay program, the municipal tourism bureau said yesterday.
Up to 1,000 families will host foreign visitors to Beijing.
Prominent retailer Eddie Bauer confirmed Wednesday it will close its Saint John call centre in May, leaving more than 170 people out of work.
Eddie Bauer confirmed it will close its Saint John call centre.
Dental charges are set to increase in Wales for the first time since 2006, it has been confirmed.
Dental charges are set to increase in Wales.
Water Resources Minister, Abdullatief Jamal Rashies said on Sunday that Iraq and Iran agreed in Tehran to establish a high technical committee to solve the water issue between the two countries.
Iraq and Iran agreed to establish a technical committee to solve the water issue.
Milk powder prices extended their gains in Fonterra's latest online auction, underlining strong global demand for soft commodities.
Milk powder prices extended their gains.
A 79-year-old Pierz woman was killed in a collision with a semi this morning in Benton County.
A Pierz woman was killed in a collision with a semi in Benton County.
Chelsea and Manchester United held their nerve on Sunday to ensure the Premier League title race will go down to the wire.
The title race will go to the wire.
Paris Hilton stripped down to just undies and a leather jacket in a raunchy shoot for German Maxim magazine.
Paris Hilton stripped down to undies.
TSG expands its adviser network with three new practices joining the boutique dealer group since July 1.
TSG expands its adviser network.
Boaters face new restrictions at Lake Tahoe under regulations that took effect Saturday to deal with the threat of invasive mussels.
Boaters face new restrictions at Lake Tahoe.
Manhattanhomedesign, a leading designer furniture providers has announced the launch of a range of affordable residential furniture in Las Vegas.
Manhattanhomedesign, has announced the launch of a range of affordable residential furniture.
Ghostface Killah has revealed that he's looking to release a follow-up to Supreme Clientele, his classic 2000 album.
Ghostface Killah's looking to release to Supreme Clientele.
Serbian Deputy Prime Minister and Interior Minister Ivica Dacic confirmed Thursday that the only barricade on the road towards Raska located close to the administrative line with north Kosovo-Metohija was dismantled on Thursday.
The barricade on the road towards Raska was dismantled.
Jason Pominville has been named the new full-time captain of the Buffalo Sabres.
Jason Pominville has been named the captain of the Buffalo Sabres.
The new Kia Sportage offers style and substance for families, with a new bodyshell, new engines and fresh bold styling that introduces a new kind of dynamic aesthetics.
The new Kia Sportage offers style.
Canadian figure skater Kurt Browning nearly burned down his house with a leaf blower.
Kurt Browning burned down his house with a leaf blower.
Tori Spelling has admitted her ``heart dropped'' when she heard her husband was in a bike crash.
Tori Spelling has admitted heart dropped she heard her husband was in a bike crash.
Russia will begin building new aircraft carriers after 2020, Russian navy chief Viktor Chirkov said on Thursday, in a major boost to Moscow's ability to deploy air power abroad.
Russia will begin building new aircraft carriers after 2020.
The Cubs claimed right-handed pitcher Alex Burnett off waivers from Baltimore on Monday afternoon.
The Cubs claimed Alex Burnett off waivers.
SYDNEY could get its first dedicated film centre after luminaries of the big screen met with Lord Mayor Clover Moore last week.
SYDNEY could get its film centre.
Drum roll please, the Man Booker Prize shortlist has just been announced.
Roll, the Man Booker Prize shortlist has been announced.
LogLogic has joined the Cloud Security Alliance to help establish and promote best practices for securing data in the cloud.
LogLogic has joined the Cloud Security Alliance.
A Chase Budinger injury update has come from the Minnesota Timberwolves and it is horrible news for the team.
A Chase Budinger injury update has come from the Minnesota Timberwolves.
Paris, July 16 Sabotage in the form of tacks thrown on the road during the day's final climb marred stage 14 of the Tour de France, leaving more than 30 cycles punctured.
Sabotage marred stage 14 of the Tour de France.
Morcombe accused faces trial 'this year' Updated: 15:40, Tuesday May 14, 2013 Queensland's chief justice says he has been reassured the trial of the accused killer of schoolboy Daniel Morcombe is being dealt with promptly.
Morcombe accused faces trial this year.
First black Italian minister seeks cultural change Italy's first black Cabinet minister, targeted by racist slurs following her appointment last week, said Friday that Italians aren't racist but that some are merely ignorant of other cultures and the ``richness'' that immigration can bring.
First black Italian minister seeks cultural change.
Pulitzer Prize-winning political cartoonist Paul Conrad has died in California of natural causes at age 86, his son announced.
Paul Conrad has died.
An elderly man in Springfield, Fla., fought off an armed robber with a frying pan.
An elderly man fought off an armed robber with a frying pan.
Joe Torre is returning to the dugout next year -- to manage the United States at the World Baseball Classic.
Joe Torre is returning -- to manage the United States at the World Baseball Classic.
Qatari deflation quickened to 3.6 percent in May, the fastest since February, as rent and fuel costs declined, the Gulf state's statistics office said.
Qatari deflation quickened as rent and fuel costs declined.
Björk will take over the eMusic site for a week from next Monday as part of the promotion for her new Biophilia album.
Björk will take over the eMusic site.
FORT WORTH, Texas American Eagle, which does regional flying for American Airlines, flew fuller planes in November as traffic jumped 11.7 percent, outstripping an 6.8 percent increase in available seats.
FORT WORTH, American Eagle flew fuller planes in November.
Govt crackdown worsens ahead of vote Updated: 06:52, Friday February 17, 2012 Syria has intensified its crackdown on protesters and arrested a prominent blogger and other activists, ahead of a UN vote on the crisis.
Govt crackdown worsens ahead of vote.
A CHASE involving a suspected stolen car ended in a huge crash in Edgware this morning.
A CHASE involving a car ended in a crash this morning.
North Korea fired artillery shells into the sea near its tense disputed border with South Korea for a second day on Thursday, ignoring United States appeals to halt the ``provocative'' exercise.
North Korea fired artillery shells for a second day.
LONDON -British American Tobacco said Wednesday that it sold 1 percent fewer cigarettes in the first nine months of the year compared to a year ago, but revenue rose thanks to favorable currency movements and the acquisition in August 2009 of PT Bentoel in Indonesia.
British American Tobacco sold fewer cigarettes, but revenue rose.
Actress Farrah Fawcett, who has died of cancer aged 62, was one of the most iconic pin-up girls of the 1970s.
Farrah Fawcett has died of cancer aged 62.
Skip to navigation '' Skip to content '' US Australia/Antarctica Gunmen kill 8 in Mexican border restaurant Buzz Up IM del.icio.us Yahoo! Bookmarks 24 mins ago
Gunmen kill 8 in Mexican border restaurant.
Sony Ericsson has said that there's no need to make a sequel to its gaming phone, the Sony Ericsson Xperia Play, stating that the Play's hardware is more than capable of wrassling with powerful new mobiles like the Samsung Galaxy S2.
Sony Ericsson has said there's no need to make a sequel to its gaming phone.
Justin Bieber got a new tattoo in honor of his grandpa.
Justin Bieber got a new tattoo.
Google paid $151 million in cash to acquire popular restaurant review guide Zagat in September, the Internet company said in a regulatory filing on Wednesday.
Google paid $ 151 million to acquire Zagat.
RENO, Nev. -David Duval, coming off three strong rounds at the British Open, said Thursday he would play next week in the Legends Reno-Tahoe Open with hopes of building some momentum.
David Duval would play in the Legends Reno-Tahoe Open.
NBC has finally set a premiere date for the highly-anticipated next season of Saturday Night Live, which runs concurrently with the 2012 presidential elections.
NBC has set a premiere date for the next season of Saturday Night Live.
Food processors such as Kellogg Co. and General Mills Inc. are expected to benefit from cheaper grain prices this year as retail prices continue to rise.
Food processors are expected to benefit from cheaper grain prices.
Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said that Dr. Shakil Afridi according to the law in Pakistan had the right to a defence.
Dr. Shakil Afridi had the right to a defence.
India`s biggest software exporter Tata Consultancy Services said on Wednesday that it has signed a multi-year contract with Chrysler to provide a comprehensive portfolio of IT services.
Tata Consultancy Services has signed a multi-year contract with Chrysler.
Niko Resources, an energy exploration company with operations in Asia, says Reliance Industries will drill six more exploration wells in D6 block, reports CNBC-TV18, quoting NewsWire18.
Reliance Industries will drill six more exploration wells in D6 block.
JOE STEVENSON says Diego Sanchez has made a big mistake picking him as his first fight in the lightweight division.
Diego Sanchez has made a mistake.
On October 11, news came out that Jason and Molly Mesnick are expecting their first child together.
Jason and Molly Mesnick are expecting their first child.
Italian sprint ace Alessandro Petacchi of the Lampre team won the second stage of the Tour of Italy on Sunday ahead of British star Mark Cavendish.
Alessandro Petacchi won the second stage of the Tour of Italy.
A Palestinian doctor from the Gaza Strip died of swine flu at an Israeli hospital Tuesday, Palestinian health officials said.
A Palestinian doctor died of swine flu at an Israeli hospital.
ZSL, a leading ISV \u0026 Global Software Solutions and Services provider, based out of New Jersey has signed a partnership with Apprenda, to leverage their SaaSGrid SaaS Application Server for developing and delivering cost effective SaaS-based enterprise applications to its customers worldwide.
ZSL based has signed a partnership with Apprenda.
Islamabad, Sep 19 Pakistan has threatened to block Google as its administrator was not helping the country's premier investigating agency in nabbing people involved in cyber crime.
Pakistan has threatened to block Google.
Long-time Casey Anthony defense attorney Linda Kenney Baden has left the defense team citing financial limitations in continuing to represent her.
Casey Anthony defense attorney Linda Kenney Baden has left the team.
Newcastle have signed Argentina defender Fabricio Coloccini from Deportivo La Coruna for an undisclosed fee.
Newcastle have signed Argentina defender Fabricio Coloccini.
Nebraska senior defensive tackle Jared Crick will sit out of practices during the bye week, but is expected back at some point next week.
Jared Crick will sit during the bye week.
A FLINT pet shop is holding an adoption weekend to help rehome animals abandoned in Flintshire.
A FLINT pet shop is holding an adoption weekend.
Real Madrid have confirmed that striker Gonzalo Higuain will miss the midweek Champions League clash with Ajax because of a back pain.
Real Madrid have confirmed Gonzalo Higuain will miss the Champions League clash with Ajax.
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac shares tumbled Monday as word circulated about proposed accounting-rule changes that could force them to raise billions of dollars.
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac shares tumbled.
Jennifer Aniston has been granted a three-year restraining order against a potentially dangerous stalker.
Jennifer Aniston has been granted a restraining order.
One of the more interesting stories doing the rounds this week suggests that Amy Winehouse and Pete Doherty will duet at this upcoming Royal Albert Hall show.
Amy Winehouse and Pete Doherty will duet.
Ecuador officially set diplomatic ties with Saudi Arabia, Ecuadorian Foreign Ministry said in a communique on Thursday.
Ecuador set diplomatic ties with Saudi Arabia, Foreign Ministry said.
``It was horrible. I thought we were going to die because hundreds of cars were coming right at us on the interstate,'' says 22-year-old Shawanda Bazemore, who couldn't stop crying during an interview Monday with FOX 4's Robert Townsend.
I thought we were going to die.
Sydney, Jan 5 Australia will go flat out for a win in the second cricket Test tomorrow, according to centurion Matthew Hayden who reckons that the Indian batsmen would find the going tough in the last innings on a ``difficult'' SCG track.
Sydney, Australia will go flat for a win.
The Philippine government denies that it is deliberately slowing down the peace process with Muslim rebels, and says the pullout of Malaysian truce monitors from the south of the country will not likely lead to new fighting.
The Philippine government denies it is slowing down the peace process with Muslim rebels.
Chris Klein has served four days in jail and completed two months in rehab, People reports.
Chris Klein has served four days in jail.
Yusuf Islam, the British musician formerly known as Cat Stevens, is calling for the release of Elkins Park native Josh Fattal and his friend Shane Bauer.
Yusuf Islam is calling for the release of Josh Fattal.
MOSCOW Michelle Obama brings her superstar glamor to Moscow this weekend as she accompanies her husband on his summit with the Russian president.
MOSCOW Michelle Obama brings her glamor this weekend as she accompanies.
The US Consumer Product Safety Commission said Club Car agreed to recall about 950 vehicles due to a fire hazard.
Club Car agreed to recall about 950 vehicles due to a fire hazard.
Four mortars exploded on Saturday near a polling station in central Iraq's Tikrit, home of executed Sunni dictator Saddam Hussein, police said.
Four mortars exploded near a polling station in central Iraq's Tikrit.
With the slowdown casting a shadow on its operations, Jet Airways, India's second-largest airline by market share, has frozen fleet expansion for now and put off aircraft deliveries for two years, company executives said.
Jet Airways has frozen fleet expansion.
A Pentagon inquiry into a controversial Rolling Stone magazine profile of General Stanley McChrystal that led to his dismissal as the top US commander in Afghanistan has cleared him of wrongdoing.
A Pentagon inquiry has cleared Stanley McChrystal of wrongdoing.
Their studies showed a mouse's ovarian cells are stiffer and more viscous when they are benign.
A mouse's ovarian cells are stiffer and more viscous when they are benign.
Former Dutch football international Frans de Munck has died in Arnhem aged 88.
Dutch football international Frans de Munck has died.
The 2013 NBA All-Star Game uniforms were unveiled earlier this morning courtesy a press release on adidas.com.
The 2013 NBA All-Star Game uniforms were unveiled.
Barrick Gold Corp reported record fourth-quarter profit and said it would spin off its African mines into a separate company to raise funds for future development.
Barrick Gold Corp would spin off its African mines.
Pakistan start as hot favourites to secure a semi-final berth on the strength of their awesome bowling attack, but the West Indies have the potential to pull off an upset if the likes of Chris Gayle and Kieron Pollard have a field day.
Pakistan start favourites.
Sir Paul McCartney once had pennies thrown at him by a group of ``unruly youths''.
Paul McCartney once had pennies thrown at him.
European researchers said Thursday they have created a device invisible to a static magnetic field that could have practical military and medical applications.
Researchers said they have created a device invisible to a magnetic field.
The National Weather Service in Pendleton says a flood warning has been issued for the Imnaha River at Imnaha - affecting Wallowa County.
A flood warning has been issued for the Imnaha River - affecting Wallowa County.
``The Dictator'' star Sacha Baron Cohen has been honoured with an outstanding achievement gong at the British Comedy Awards here.
Sacha Baron Cohen has been honoured at the British Comedy Awards.
Tele2 has exclusively launched the Samsung Galaxy, also known as the I7500, in Croatia for HRK 1895.
Tele2 has launched the Samsung Galaxy in Croatia.
The Angolan minister of Transports, Augusto da Silva Tomás, Wednesday, in Luanda, said that actual scientific studies show a reduction of sea species in the region of Golf of Guinea, a situation already being faced in Angola by lack of fish types.
Scientific studies show a reduction of sea species.
Two Canadian soldiers were killed Sunday when their light armoured vehicle rolled over about 40 kilometres southwest of Kandahar City.
Two Canadian soldiers were killed.
The event was arranged to join hands with over 30,000 museums across the world celebrating International Museum Day, which was observed on May 18.Dr Abdul Samad, chairman Department of Archaeology, Hazara University, Prof Dr Sakhawat Shah, Dean Faculty of Arts and Prof Dr Syed Anwar were present on the occasion.
International Museum Day was observed on Abdul Samad, Department of Archaeology, Hazara University.
Police identified the man found shot to death in a car on the Near Eastside early Thursday.
Police identified the man found shot to death.
France will help Romania build a new nuclear reactor, French President Nicolas Sarkozy said Monday while meeting with his Romanian counterpart Traian Basescu.
France will help Romania build a new nuclear reactor.
After going the first half without a touchdown, they went ahead 13-10 in the third quarter on Donovan McNabb's 11-yard touchdown pass to Brent Celek, but the offense sputtered from there.
They went, but the offense sputtered.
A loose wire inside a mobile phone prevented a car bomb packed with nails from exploding outside a busy London nightclub, a court heard yesterday.
A loose wire prevented a bomb packed with nails from exploding.
A Hera target missile firing from the old depot at Fort Wingate to White Sands Missile Range is tentatively scheduled for Tuesday morning, which would prompt some safety roadblocks and evacuations in the Fort Wingate area.
A Hera target missile firing is tentatively scheduled for Tuesday morning.
The St. Louis Cardinals announced today that they have activated outfielder/infielder Skip Schumaker from the 15-day disabled list and plan to have him in uniform for the team's series opener in Detroit tonight.
The St. Louis Cardinals have activated / Skip Schumaker from the disabled list.
The employees of Finance Ministry of Azerbaijan were on a visit to Estonia for researches, related to implementation of twinning project within the Action Plan of EU European Neighbourhood Policy for Azerbaijan.
The employees of Finance Ministry were on a visit to Estonia for researches.
Arran Brewery has put its expansion plans on hold after failing to secure a Scottish government grant.
Arran Brewery has put its expansion plans on hold.
Emma explains why the south coast of Wales is the perfect place to relax and unwind on a spa break.
The coast of Wales is the perfect place to relax.
MTN Zambia has launched a community pay phone initiative, a new product on the market aimed at empowering vulnerable members of the community who still cannot afford a mobile phone.
MTN Zambia has launched a community pay phone initiative.
BBC and Discovery have extended their long term co-production partnership in the US.
BBC and Discovery have extended their co-production partnership.
HURON, SD Two men pleaded not guilty Tuesday to murder charges for separate homicides in Huron.
Men pleaded not guilty to murder.
Pakistan will review blasphemy laws to prevent them from targeting innocent people, a government official said.
Pakistan will review blasphemy laws, a official said.
The presidential committee on the Jos crisis has denied media reports that the it had recommended the creation of more local governments in the Plateau State capital.
The presidential committee has denied media reports.
He is the veteran 'Showman' of Bollywood but Subhash Ghai is taking a sabbatical from showbiz and will make his return to direction post the break.Ghai said that he will be on a extended holiday for a year and hopes to recharge himself for a fresh beginning.
He is but Subhash Ghai is taking a sabbatical.
The Azerbaijani embassy in France has passed a protest note to the French Foreign Ministry for visiting Nagorno-Karabakh, a territory occupied by Armenia, Trend cites press-secretary of the Azerbaijani Foreign Ministry Elman Abdullayev as saying.
The Azerbaijani embassy in France has passed a protest note for visiting Nagorno-Karabakh.
A powerful 6.8-magnitude earthquake struck near the Solomon Islands in the western Pacific on Sunday, the US Geological Survey said, but there was no tsunami alert or reports of damage.
A powerful earthquake struck near the Solomon Islands.
Angelina Jolie has admitted that she feels more vulnerable than ever now that her directorial debut is about to hit the cinemas.
Angelina Jolie feels vulnerable than now her directorial debut is.
Fisher \u0026 Paykel, Dyson, Nokia and Sony are the most trusted brands in their categories, according to research conducted by McCrindle Research set to be published by Reader's Digest.
Fisher \u0026 Paykel, Dyson, Nokia and Sony are the most trusted brands in their categories.
Facebook, the world's largest social network on the internet, is finally turning a profit, the privately held company said.
Facebook is turning a profit.
A 26-year-old gang member pleaded guilty today to murder and was sentenced to 47 years in prison in the slaying of a West Side store owner.
A gang member pleaded and was sentenced to 47 years in the slaying of a store owner.
India today said the IMF and World Bank failed to recognise the real need to regulate big economies which led to the global financial meltdown.
The IMF failed to recognise the need to regulate big economies.
Gabrielle Giffords paid an emotional visit this afternoon to Newtown, Connecticut, as the former Congressman tragically has something in common with this scarred area.
Gabrielle Giffords paid an visit to Newtown, Connecticut.
Halifax house price index showed that UK house prices rose for the second consecutive month in August, reading 0.2% from the prior 0.7 percent increase a month earlier.
UK house prices rose in August.
The major averages have bounced back and forth across the unchanged line, unable to sustain any significant moves.
The major averages have bounced back and forth across the unchanged line.
Egyptian police shot dead a Sudanese man as he tried to sneak across the border to Israel on Wednesday, bringing to 19 the number of migrants killed at the frontier this year, medical and security sources said.
Egyptian police shot dead a Sudanese man as he tried to sneak across the border to Israel.
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger today proclaimed a state of emergency in Imperial County due to a 7.2 magnitude earthquake, centered in Baja California, Mexico, which occurred yesterday, impacting the Southern California region by disrupting telephone communications, buckling roads, breaking water mains and damaging critical water storage facilities.
Arnold Schwarzenegger today proclaimed a state of emergency in Imperial County due to a 7.2 earthquake.
``It is high time that China starts focusing more on soft assets such as education and research at colleges and universities,'' said Roger Dassen, global managing director, clients, services and talent, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Ltd. ``China has proven to be very good at providing hard assets such as airports, highways and many industrial zones.
China starts focusing more on soft assets.
A 46-year-old Sulphur Springs woman pleaded guilty Tuesday in a Tyler federal court to lying on her income tax return, misstating her income by more than $130,000.
A Sulphur Springs woman pleaded guilty to lying on her tax return.
Auto, oil \u0026 gas and sugar sectors will be getting astrological support, says Satish Gupta of http://astrostocktips.in.
Auto, oil \u0026 gas sectors will be getting astrological support.
A new centre for tackling illegal UK immigration has opened in Calais, with the French and British governments to share intelligence and equipment.
A new centre for tackling illegal UK immigration has opened in Calais.
Centre for Monitoring Indian Economy said that the short-term demand outlook for cement continues to remain weak.
The demand outlook for cement continues to remain weak.
In spite of the special election to replace Sen. Roland Burris early, Senator-elect Mark Kirk must wait until after Thanksgiving to be sworn in as Burris' replacement as US Senator from Illinois.
Senator-elect Mark Kirk must wait until after Thanksgiving to be sworn in.
German scientists are warning of a pig pandemic after tests suggested the swine flu can pass from humans to hogs and then infect a whole herd.
Scientists are warning of a pig pandemic.
Australian opener Shane Watson has again fallen agonisingly short of a maiden Test century, falling to firey West Indian quick Kemar Roach for 89 in the first innings of the Third Test at the WACA ground in Perth.
Shane Watson has again fallen short of a century.
By The Associated Press A family of bald eagles has been found nesting on Cook County forest preserve property located south of Chicago.
A family of bald eagles has been found on Cook County forest preserve.
Kim Duthie's father, Tony, said in his opinion, Nixon might deserve to be jailed over his dealings with his daughter, Kim.
Nixon might deserve to be jailed.
One winning Powerball ticket worth $200,000 from the March 12 drawing was sold at Sunoco, 3505 Library Road, Castle Shannon, Allegheny County.
One Powerball ticket worth $ 200,000 was sold at Sunoco, Allegheny County.
``Nick Montana will make his first career start this Saturday,'' said head coach Steve Sarkisian in an online announcement Thursday afternoon.
Nick Montana will make his first career start this Saturday.
The ``People Helping People'' Golf Tournament will celebrate 20 years on the links in support of United Way of Denton County and its mission to advance the common good in our community.
Golf Tournament will celebrate 20 years on the links in support of United Way.
Spain midfielder Javi Martinez hurt an ankle in training and may be unavailable for the European champions' quarter-final against Paraguay on Saturday.
Spain midfielder Javi Martinez hurt an ankle in training.
Japan needs nuclear power as its main energy source and the country shouldn't follow European examples in banning new reactors, said Shosuke Mori, chairman of Kansai Electric Power Co., the nation's second-biggest power producer.
Japan needs nuclear power as its main energy source.
China announced on Wednesday that two Islamic ``terrorists'' would be executed for a deadly attack on police that was staged four days before the Beijing Olympics and intended to sabotage the Games.
Two terrorists would be executed.
Shruti Hassan, daughter of superstar Kamal Hassan, is finally making her debut in Bollywood.
Shruti Hassan, daughter, is making her debut.
60 MINUTES, featuring the first interview with President-elect Barack Obama, delivered its largest audience since at least January 1999, leading CBS to a Sunday night win in viewers, according to preliminary Nielsen ratings for Nov. 16.
60 MINUTES, featuring the first interview with President-elect Barack Obama, delivered its largest audience since at least January 1999.
Boeing (NYSE: BA) today announced that it has delivered the 500th Combat Track II kit, an airborne intelligence system for US Air Force cargo and bomber aircraft that enhances situational awareness, increases aircrew survivability and improves airframe effectiveness.
Boeing (NYSE :) today announced it has delivered the kit, an airborne intelligence system for US Air Force aircraft.
In a new episode of the family's reality show Keeping Up with the Kardashians, she said: ``You're a loser, Rob.
You 're a loser.
Federal Minister for Law \u0026 Justice Babar Awan on Friday said that the Generals who imposed martial law in the country were either in grave or in England and there was no other in Pakistan to impose martial law.
The Generals imposed martial law.
British hip-hop act Speech Debelle upset the odds to win the Mercury Prize on Tuesday, one of Britain's most prestigious annual music awards.
Speech Debelle upset to win the Mercury Prize.
Rana Daggubati did not take the help of a body-double and did his own stunts in the upcoming Tamil-Telugu bilingual film 'Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum'featuring Nayantara.
Rana Daggubati did not take and did his own stunts.
AN egg was thrown at and narrowly missed Julia Gillard as she entered the ABC studios in Perth this morning.
AN egg was thrown at and missed Julia Gillard as she entered the ABC studios.
The stock market ended a three-day losing streak Monday, closing broadly higher as a weaker dollar and upbeat home sales numbers encouraged investors to take on more risk.
The stock market ended a losing streak.
The official rate of the Belarusian ruble for 18 April 2011 has strengthened against a basket of foreign currencies, as well as the euro and the Russian ruble.
The rate of the Belarusian ruble has strengthened against a basket of currencies.
A woman was shot by a Newport News police officer Saturday morning when she refused to listen to orders during a domestic dispute.
A woman was shot by a Newport News police officer.
On the night of September 12, 2011, the Republican Party began to lose the 2012 election.
On the night, the Republican Party began to lose the 2012 election.
The weekly Triple-A Texas gas price survey dated today shows regular self-serve is averaging $3.16 per gallon across the state, 6 cents more than last week.
The Texas gas price survey shows.
A FORMER Chamber president yesterday questioned whether the Government could ``make the hard decisions'' necessary to achieve its key objective of bringing the debt-to-GDP ratio down to 40 per cent in the medium term, and warned it was ``in danger of killing the goose that laid the golden egg'' through the sharp tax increases on the hotel and auto industry.
It was in danger of killing the goose that laid the golden egg.
A non-toxic, botanical formula controls aggressive human prostate tumors in mice, according to a peer-reviewed study in the The International Journal of Oncology.
A botanical formula controls aggressive human prostate tumors in mice.
Taiwan share prices closed down 0.80 percent yesterday, with heavy selling pressure on construction shares due to the government's possible loan tightening moves.
Taiwan share prices closed down 0.80 percent.
The Canadian dollar opened at 81.16 cents US this morning, down 0.02 of a cent from Tuesday's close.
The Canadian dollar opened at 81.16 cents US, down 0.02 of a cent.
A Grapeland city councilman was arrested by a Texas Attorney General Cyber Crimes Unit for the third time last week on charges of sexual crimes against children, according to a Texas Attorney General press release.
A Grapeland city councilman was arrested for the time on charges of sexual crimes against children.
Proud lock associates, a leading access statement and consultancy service provider now introduces disability training and awareness services for a harmonic and pleasant work environment.
Proud lock associates, introduces disability training and awareness services.
Hong Kong stocks end 1.41% higher Updated: 19:58, Friday March 8, 2013 Hong Kong shares closed 1.41 per cent higher following another record finish for the Dow on Wall Street and after China released data showing exports had surged more than expected in February.
Hong Kong stocks end 1.41% higher.
Richard N Haass, president of the Council on Foreign Relations and an erstwhile senior administration official, has predicted that domestic politics and factionalism will hold back India from becoming a major player in the global arena.
Domestic politics will hold back India.
A large crowd of people gathered outside a crematorium in north London Tuesday where singer Amy Winehouse was being cremated following her funeral earlier in the day.
Amy Winehouse was being cremated following her funeral.
AMRI announced today that it has entered into a development and long term exclusive commercial supply agreement with Parnell Manufacturing Pty Ltd , an Australian company specializing in the research, development and manufacture of veterinary products.
AMRI announced it has entered into a development commercial supply agreement with Parnell Manufacturing Pty Ltd.
US home sales slip as supply remains tight Sales of previously occupied US homes dipped in March as the supply remained tight.
Sales slip as supply remains tight Sales of US homes.
Authorities Thursday identified a fisherman who drowned after his longtime friend watched helplessly as waves swept him from an East Beach jetty.
A fisherman drowned after his friend watched as waves swept.
RTS, Russia's second largest stock exchange, has posted 1Q 2011 net income of 267 million rouble under IFRS.
RTS has posted 1Q 2011 net income of 267 million rouble.
Not long ago, Canadian import Sunny Leone made her Bollywood debut in Pooja Bhatt's sensuous 'Jism 2,' which took India by a storm and now, her porn star turned business partner husband is set to step into his sexy wife's footsteps.
Import Sunny Leone made her Bollywood debut her star turned.
Conservationists criticise Murray plan Updated: 18:32, Tuesday April 24, 2012 Conservationists say more modelling is needed before a plan for the Murray-Darling Basin is delivered to federal parliament.
Conservationists criticise Murray plan Updated.
So while Scarlett Johansson was busy extracting Sean Penn's wrinkled wiener from her hoo-ha, rumors are suggesting that Ryan Reynolds and Charlize Theron have been secretly banging for months now.
Ryan Reynolds and Charlize Theron have been banging.
Juventus are 'not interested' in Liverpool striker Luis Suarez as he looks to extend his stay at Anfield, ending speculation surrounding the Uruguayan's future.
Juventus are not interested in Liverpool striker Luis Suarez as he looks.
It has been reported that Kenya and Tanzania have launched a $164 million road project expected to boost trade, tourism and agriculture in the region.
Kenya and Tanzania have launched a $ 164 million road project expected to boost trade.
Alyson Hannigan and her husband Alexis Denisof took little daughter Satyana out on Boxing Day so she could ride her new bike for the first time.
Alyson Hannigan took little daughter Satyana so she could ride her new bike.
The Kittitas County sheriff's office says bones found Monday near an Ellensburg canal are not human.
Bones found near an Ellensburg canal are not human.
- A federal judge dismissed a sex abuse lawsuit against the Holy See on grounds that the Vatican was not an employer of the accused ex-priest and cannot be held financially liable for the abuse.
A federal judge dismissed a abuse lawsuit against the Holy See.
Cuomo to propose state settle NYC teacher eval impasse Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo is ready to carry out his pledge to have the state Education Department settle the costly impasse over New York City teacher evaluations if the city and union can't come to terms on their own.
Cuomo to propose state settle NYC teacher eval impasse Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo is.
The Fresh Air Fund is seeking volunteers to host inner-city children in Westport this summer.
The Fresh Air Fund is seeking volunteers.
Terrorist groups are trying to recruit Israeli citizens as agents using social networking sites such as Facebook, Israel's Shin Bet has warned.
Terrorist groups are trying to recruit as agents using social networking sites.
Former heavyweight boxer Mike Tyson has claimed he got a prison officer pregnant when he was in jail.
Mike Tyson got a prison officer pregnant.
Employers should be 'lenient' if striking workers did not return to work immediately, the National Union of Metalworkers SA said on Monday.
Employers should be lenient.
Riot police arresting suspects in Tahrir Square, Cairo, 15 September 2012, after suspending of clashes at US embassy between security forces and dozens of protesters.
Police arresting suspects in Tahrir Square.
MBMG, the Cambridgeshire fresh produce supplier, has gone into administration.
MBMG, the fresh produce supplier, has gone into administration.
The Unite union has said it will take legal action to force BA to re-instate travel perks for workers who went out on strike earlier this year.
It will take legal action to force BA.
Four UN nuclear inspectors arrived in Iran early Sunday to inspect the country's second uranium enrichment facility.
Four UN nuclear inspectors arrived in Iran.
Mayor Don Williamson, 73, was taken to the hospital at about 4 pm today because he was having breathing problems, mayoral aide Joe Conroy said.
Don Williamson was taken to the hospital.
A 19-year-old woman has been charged with prostitution, after a police sting in Rochester.
A woman has been charged with prostitution, after a sting.
A WOMAN was critically ill in hospital today after being pulled from the sea in a dramatic rescue at Redcar.
A WOMAN was critically ill after being pulled from the sea in a rescue at Redcar.
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg is to move his private fortune out of US private equity firm Quadrangle Group.
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg is to move his fortune out of private equity firm.
Indonesia on Tuesday repatriated seven Malaysian fishermen who were arrested by Indonesian patrol officers for alleged poaching in the Riau Islands waters last Friday, an official said.
Indonesia repatriated seven Malaysian fishermen.
BYU hockey battled the UNLV Rebels over the weekend, losing Friday night 6-5 and recording a draw Saturday night 5-5.
BYU hockey battled the UNLV Rebels.
This year an Armenian movie will be nominated for prestigious Academy Award.
An Armenian movie will be nominated for Academy Award.
THERE is still time to have your say on the future of the local fire and rescue service.
THERE is still time to have your say on the future of the fire service.
New Orleans Hornets rookie Anthony Davis appears to be ready for the regular season to begin Wednesday night against the San Antonio Spurs.
New Orleans Hornets rookie Anthony Davis appears to be ready for the regular season.
A GREAT Harwood man looking for his missing dog was shot in the back as he ran away from a man carrying an air rifle.
A Harwood man was shot in the back.
He also remembered the words of his old boss, Dwight Eisenhower, who would say while planning the war with Piney by his side in the middle of the night, ``all heroes are dead!''
All heroes are dead.
Manchin also spoke by telephone with Byrd, who is recuperating from an illness at his home near Washington, the release said.
Manchin spoke with Byrd.
Japanese Foreign Minister Koichiro Gemba announces that Japan and North Korea will hold inter-governmental talks in China later this month, in the first face-to-face meeting between the sides in four years, at his office in Tokyo on August 14, 2012.
Japan and North Korea will hold talks this month.
Microsoft, in an attempt to lure Symbian developers, has released the Windows Phone tools for Symbian developers.
Microsoft has released the Windows Phone tools for Symbian developers.
MINISTER FOR EDUCATION Ruairi Quinn has ``started the process'' of addressing school costs -- including voluntary fees, some of which run up to â‚¬500.
MINISTER FOR Ruairi Quinn has started the process of addressing school costs.
Medicinal herbs like tulsi, which is commonly found in people's homes, can help boost immunity and help fight swine flu, say traditional Ayurveda doctors.
Herbs like tulsi can help and help fight swine flu.
People are returning to their homes in Tarcutta, but emergency services are warning them to remain on alert.
People are returning to their homes in Tarcutta.
Kingston rowing club has unveiled a new landing stage that has secured the future of its Canbury boathouse base.
Rowing club has unveiled a new landing stage.
The MDC-T believes security sector reform is an urgent matter that needs the forthcoming Sadc summit intervention, party organising secretary Nelson Chamisa has said.
Security sector reform is an urgent matter.
Harvard Business School Dean Nitin Nohria stressed the importance of global leadership skills at an event last night co-sponsored by Conversations with Kirkland and the Leadership Institute at Harvard College.
Harvard Business School Dean Nitin Nohria stressed the importance of global leadership skills.
Many Germans were upset when Paul correctly predicted Spain would beat Germany in the semi-final, but he has redeemed himself a little perhaps by correctly predicting Germany's win over Uruguay for 3rd and 4th place.
Paul correctly predicted, but he has redeemed perhaps by predicting Germany's win for 3rd place.
Girls Aloud announced their split on Wednesday night after their final tour date and although rumours have emerged this morning suggesting that the band may be preparing for motherhood, we can't help but feel like their may be some kind of solo battle between the five piece, but who is going to make the biggest impression going it alone?
Girls Aloud announced their split.
Thiruvananthapuram , Jan 5 The CPI-M should take initiative to consolidate Left unity in India to build a\u0026apospeople\u0026aposs alternative\u0026aposto the Congress and BJP at the national level, AIFB secretary and West Bengal agriculture minister Naren Dey said here today.
The CPI-M should take initiative to consolidate Left unity, Naren Dey said.
Police say that an Ahwatukee Foothills man, upset with his roommate, fired 28 shots from a high-powered rifle early in the morning of March 7.
An man, upset with his roommate, fired 28 shots from a rifle.
Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia commented that inflation is not serious problem now and emphasis must be on high growth track of 9%.
Inflation is not serious problem now.
A Umatilla man was shot sometime before 5 this morning near Hermiston, and the Umatilla County Sheriff's Department is on the case.
A Umatilla man was shot near Hermiston.
A former volunteer football coach at Stone Memorial High School in Crossville pleaded guilty Monday for selling steroids to a player.
A former coach pleaded for selling steroids to a player.
Amazon.com Inc. may miss fourth- quarter sales estimates, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. predicted, citing slower-than-expected e-commerce growth over the holidays.
Amazon.com Inc. may miss sales estimates, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. predicted.
Pakistani security forces have killed at least 12 suspected tribal 'insurgents' in the restive southwestern province of Baluchistan.
Pakistani forces have killed at least 12 insurgents.
Chinese growth slowed to 9.1% during the third quarter according to the latest GDP figures from the National Bureau of Statistics.
Chinese growth slowed during the third quarter.
Xerox Corp cut its fourth-quarter profit target as it restructures in the face of economic weakness, but raised its dividend, which boosted its shares by nearly 3 percent.
Xerox Corp cut its profit target, but raised its dividend.
With the news breaking Thursday about Stanford quarterback Andrew Luck deciding to stay in school for his junior year, an interesting question arises: where do the Panthers go from here?
Where do the Panthers go from here.
Although he is one of the biggest teen heartthrobs in America, Zac Efron has apparently revealed he wanted to be like Leonardo DiCaprio when he was growing up.
Zac Efron wanted to be like Leonardo DiCaprio.
Taipei, March 1 Taiwan share prices closed up 1.49 percent Tuesday, led by high-tech stocks amid market optimism, dealers said.
Taiwan share prices closed up 1.49 percent.
A magnitude-7.1 earthquake shook southern Chile on Sunday, prompting tens of thousands to flee the coast for higher ground amid fears it could generate a tsunami like the one that ravaged the area last year.
A earthquake shook Chile.
I've heard some people argue that there is no concept of a state in Islam but of a society.
There is no concept of a state in Islam.
A Haitian attorney says 10 Americans detained in Haiti for trying to take 33 children out of the country after the Jan. 12 earthquake have been charged with child kidnapping.
10 Americans detained in Haiti have been charged with kidnapping.
Police captured one of the city's most wanted fugitives Wednesday, arresting a man who they said kidnapped and shot a woman last June.
Police captured one of the city's most wanted fugitives.
Crude futures topped $112 a barrel for the first time in 2½ years, as a weaker dollar provided the latest spark in oil's unrelenting rise.
Crude futures topped $ 112 a barrel.
Aerial work platform manufacturer Skyjack announced it is joining the SmartEquip network to provide electronic parts and service support, procurement, safety, training and warranty support.
Aerial manufacturer Skyjack announced it is joining the SmartEquip network.
Detroit rock 'n' roll icons Bob Seger and Kid Rock will share a bill for the first time ever at a Florida festival in November.
Bob Seger will share a bill for the time at a Florida festival.
Tezpur, Apr 3 The Indo-Tibetan Border Police today said it was successfully manning the Indo-China border and carrying out several development activities for the locals.
The Indo-Tibetan Border Police was manning and carrying out development activities for the locals.
Soulful singer Robin Thicke was arrested in New York City today on a charge of criminal possession of marijuana.
Robin Thicke was arrested in New York City.
By Saranya ( December 13, 2012 ) Anurag Kashyap has made several successful films in the past, and now wants to work with Amitabh Bachchan.
Anurag Kashyap has made, and wants to work with Amitabh Bachchan.
The New York Times said Monday it was expanding its digital news offerings to third-party platforms as part of a push for more online subscribers.
The New York Times was expanding its digital offerings to platforms.
After Aaron Ramsey and Anton Ferdinand were booed at the weekend, Matt Stanger says there is no moral high ground in football, only a platform from which we stave off the morons...
There is no high ground in football.
The South London Press is reporting that the Charlton takeover will finally be complete next week.
The Charlton takeover will be complete next week.
US laser-based solution provider Coherent Inc has paid USD52m to buy Lumera Laser GmbH, a German manufacturer of lasers for micro-processing, the buyer said.
Coherent Inc has paid USD52m to buy Lumera Laser GmbH.
Bharatiya Janata Party President Nitin Gadkari on Tuesday said India was driving the world economic recovery from the recent recession and helping redefine a new world order.
India was driving the world recovery.
The residents of Panbazar area have decried the 'lack of a scientific plan' for extension of Panbazar over bridge and construction of multilevel car parking adjacent to the overbridge which is creating traffic problem and sewerage malfunctioning in the area.
The residents have decried the lack of a scientific plan.
Ergotron introduced all new powered and non-powered point-of-care computing carts, StyleView 31 and StyleView 32, to the global Healthcare IT community at the Healthcare Information Management and System Society in Orlando, FL.
Ergotron introduced all carts, StyleView 31 and StyleView 32.
Four recent East Ridge High School students plead not guilty to burglary charges after a senior prank gone wrong.
Four students plead not guilty to burglary charges.
A couple aged 93 and 80 were threatened with a hammer in their own Northamptonshire home by three men.
A couple aged 93 and 80 were threatened with a hammer.
STOCKTON, Calif. A Stockton police chase ended in a crash Tuesday night after someone in the suspect vehicle fired several shots at police officers.
STOCKTON, A police chase ended in a crash.
The US Forest Service is waiving fees at most of its campgrounds over Veterans Day weekend.
The US Forest Service is waiving fees over Veterans Day weekend.
Colombia stocks rose slightly Thursday as a further recovery in shares of Bancolombia helped to offset losses in oil shares as prices for crude oil fell.
Colombia stocks rose slightly helped.
In a meeting yesterday with Intel excutives I learned that Pineview, Intel's Atom CPU intgrated with a graphics processor and memory manger, is not delayed as has been reported elsewhere.
Pineview is not delayed.
UK inflation fell to its lowest level in more than two years last month, providing some welcome relief to household budgets, official figures have shown.
Inflation fell to its lowest level in more than two years.
THE Zimbabwe Under-19 cricket team got a morale boost ahead of the ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup in Australia later this month when they received a kit sponsorship from a local transport company Sabot yesterday.
THE cricket team got a morale boost.
Liverpool won a second straight Premier League game for the first time in more than two months Sunday when it beat Bolton 3-1.
Liverpool beat Bolton 3 1.
season, NBA players merged their two antitrust lawsuits against the league by moving both cases to Minnesota.
NBA players merged their two lawsuits against the league by moving to Minnesota.
Without the Higgs there would be no mass. And without mass, there would be no stars, no planets and no atoms.
There would be And without mass, there would be no stars, no planets and no atoms.
What do you do when a dead animal washes up on the shore right in your back yard.
What do you do a dead animal washes up.
WSJ are reporting that the HTC Supersonic phone might officially be announced next week on March 24 at a keynote speech by Dan Hesse.
The HTC Supersonic phone might be announced next week.
A jury has found two-time Indianapolis 500 winner Helio Castroneves not guilty of tax evasion, but remained hung on a count of conspiracy.
A jury has found Helio Castroneves not guilty of tax evasion.
Ferndale teachers voted Tuesday to strike, postponing the start of classes that had been scheduled for Wednesday.
Ferndale teachers voted to strike.
Former UVA lacrosse star George Huguely allegedly emailed his ex-girlfriend Yeardley Love with the message ``I should have killed you'' shortly before she died of blunt force trauma to the head, prosecutors say.
George Huguely emailed his Yeardley Love I should have killed.
A 49-year-old Boca Raton man was arrested and charged with killing his ex-girlfriend, police said on Wednesday.
A Boca Raton man was arrested and charged with killing his ex-girlfriend.
Top industrialist Ratan Tata was on Friday conferred a honorary doctorate in science for his extraordinary contribution to the growth of Indian industry and supporting the cause of Science and Technology.
Ratan Tata was conferred a honorary doctorate.
2008-03-27 21:21:57 - BarterQuest, a trading site for individual consumers, has announced international patents related to its proprietary trading and matching systems.
BarterQuest has announced international patents.
US-based billionaire investor George Soros has bought a $100 million stake in films-to-mobile Indian media company Reliance Entertainment owned by tycoon Anil Ambani, an official said Friday.
George Soros has bought a stake - Reliance Entertainment owned.
Tens of thousands of Egyptians have returned to Tahrir Square to protest against the military junta, in one of the biggest protests seen in the country since the toppling of Hosni Mubarak.
Tens of thousands of Egyptians have returned to Tahrir Square to protest against the military junta.
A pedestrian who was killed Christmas Eve after being struck by a motorcycle in the Miramar area has been identified as Leonardo Ramirez Palado, 79, the county Medical Examiner's Office said.
A pedestrian who was killed Christmas Eve has been identified.
US company Lockheed Martin has upgraded its tactical network planner system to enhance command and control communications for deployed military forces.
Lockheed Martin has upgraded its tactical network system.
DAVIE, Fla. -Officials say Miami Dolphins defensive tackle Tony McDaniel is out of jail after being arrested and accused of domestic violence.
Miami Dolphins defensive tackle Tony McDaniel is after being arrested.
General Compression, Inc., a Massachusetts company developing an innovative compressed air energy storage system, today announced it has signed an agreement with ConocoPhillips of Houston, Texas, to develop compressed air energy storage projects, beginning with a pilot project in Texas, using General Compression's Advanced Energy Storage
Compression, Inc. has signed an agreement with ConocoPhillips to develop compressed air energy storage projects using General Compression's Advanced Energy Storage.
AUSTRALIAN shares were higher at noon, boosted by a positive lead from US markets and better-than-expected jobs figures.
AUSTRALIAN shares were at noon, boosted by a lead from markets and jobs figures.
A master hypnotist is coming to Wilmington hoping to convince you to donate money for a good cause.
A master hypnotist is coming to Wilmington.
Prosecutors on Friday dropped a murder charge against an 18-year-old Bradenton man accused of killing a man during a botched drug deal last year.
Prosecutors dropped a murder charge.
Now it would seem he's their premier halfback, having finally shed his unwanted supersub tag.
He 's, having shed his unwanted tag.
US Commerce Secretary John Bryson resigned from the key post today, days after being involved in two car accidents that occurred after he suffered a seizure.
US Commerce Secretary John Bryson resigned.
A Coal Grove man pleaded guilty Wednesday to the rape of a 10-year-old boy and was sentenced to seven years in prison by Lawrence County Common Pleas Judge Charles ``Chuck'' Cooper.
A Coal Grove man pleaded and was sentenced to seven years in prison.
Iran will pursue its nuclear path, the country's highest authority, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, said today, speaking just before a deadline set by world powers in a nuclear dispute.
Iran will pursue its nuclear path Ali Khamenei.
Wall Street giant Citigroup said it is on track to return to sustained profitability as it announced it made $4.4bn in the first quarter.
Citigroup made $ 4.4bn in the first quarter.
Russia on Tuesday ordered an end to military operations in Georgia and agreed to a peace plan after negotiations with France's president in Moscow, but there were conflicting reports about whether fighting had stopped.
Russia ordered an end to military operations in Georgia.
Beetroot juice could energise the elderly to lead more active lives, says a new study.
Beetroot juice could energise the elderly.
Luka Modric is not good enough to play for Real Madrid and the Spanish champions should sign David Silva instead, according to Bernabeu cult hero Guti.
Luka Modric is not good enough to play for Real Madrid.
( ``aws'': ``news/national'', ``aws_id'': ``news_national'', ``js_modules'': ((``name'': ``video'')), ``seotitletag'': ``Winds expected to be an issue Thursday in Ariz. fire'', ``ssts'': ``news/nation'', ``contenttype'':``videopage'', ``excludeTransitionAd'':true, ``noinitialanalytics'':true, ``topic'':``news,news_nation'', ``templatename'': ``videos/asset'' )
(aws) : Winds expected to be an issue Thursday in Ariz. fire.
Gold and other metals are recovering a day after taking a plunge on news that the Federal Reserve was contemplating an end to its bond-buying program.
Gold and other metals are recovering a day after taking a plunge.
Newcastle manager Kevin Keegan has defended Alan Smith after the striker was booed by the club's fans in a pre-season friendly.
Kevin Keegan has defended Alan Smith.
India today announced it will provide a 500 million-dollar line of credit to Myanmar as the two countries signed agreements on a range of sectors, including air services, beginning a ``new journey'' of bilateral cooperation.
India will provide a 500 million dollar line of credit to Myanmar.
A virus known to cause leukemia and tumors in animals can be found in some prostate tumors and might be one cause of prostate cancer, US researchers reported on Monday.
A virus can be found and might be one cause of prostate cancer.
Pima County supervisors voted in favor Tuesday of creating a sports authority that's not only aimed at keeping and expanding spring training, but also creating more youth and amateur athletic events.
Pima County supervisors voted of creating a sports authority.
Sen. Arlen Specter today asked Vice President Biden for federal stimulus funds to repair Amtrak bridges in the Philadelphia region.
Arlen Specter today asked for funds to repair Amtrak bridges.
One person was airlifted to hospital via Stars Air Ambulance late Wednesday afternoon after a crash involving a school bus.
One person was airlifted to hospital after a crash involving a school bus.
Sebastian Vettel will hope that history repeats itself after securing his second successive Japanese Grand Prix victory at Suzuka.
Sebastian Vettel will hope history repeats itself.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Mayawati has announced that she will return land to railways for coach factory in Rae Bareli.
Mayawati will return land for coach factory.
Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel are set to marry in their favourite place near Naples.
Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel are set to marry.
With rain measuring as much as seven to eight inches in some locations, Gov. Easley is urging caution as some flooding continues from Hanna.
Gov. Easley is urging caution as some flooding continues.
Russia must prepare for a possible energy revolution which could significantly reduce global demand for oil and gas, Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said on Thursday.
Russia must prepare for a energy revolution.
The world's oceans are becoming noisier thanks to pollution, with potentially harmful effects for whales, dolphins and othermarine life, US scientists said in a study published Sunday.
The world's oceans are becoming noisier thanks to pollution.
Sudanese security forces arrested Islamist opposition leader Hassan al-Turabi at his home, a month after Africa's largest country held its first open elections in 24 years, party officials said on Saturday.
Sudanese forces arrested Islamist leader Hassan al-Turabi.
A CALLOUS cowboy builder who conned elderly and vulnerable people out of a total of more than £400,000 has been jailed for almost ten years.
A CALLOUS cowboy builder has been jailed.
A Campbell County man has been killed when a tree fell onto his pickup truck as he drove on a county road.
A Campbell County man has been killed a tree fell onto his truck.
President Kurmanbek Bakiyev of Kyrgyzstan will pay a visit to Moscow in early February, the presidential press service reported.
Kurmanbek Bakiyev will pay a visit to Moscow in early February.
Eurobank sells its stake in its Turkey unit REUTERS photo
Eurobank sells its stake in its Turkey unit.
Joe Jonas has broken up with singer, Taylor Swift, and the split wasn't mutual, US Weekly reports.
Joe Jonas has broken up with singer, Taylor Swift.
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange is living a ``haunted life'' fearing arrest and has been on the run following the release of nearly 4 lakh secret US military documents related to Iraq war on his whistle-blowing website.
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange is living a haunted life.
Scarlett Johansson ``always'' feels ``unsure'' of herself when she takes on a new role because she believes actors get ``lazy'' if they already know how they are going to portray a character.
Scarlett Johansson feels unsure she takes on a new role.
Real estate mogul Donald Trump says he's thinking about running for president, saying ``everybody's ripping off the United States''.
Donald Trump's thinking about running for president.
FIREFIGHTERS have been battling 350 blazes in Victoria since the mercury began rising across the state on Thursday.
FIREFIGHTERS have been battling 350 blazes in Victoria.
As of today, Friday 2 May, the investment bank Merrill Lynch starts trading on Oslo Axess.
The Merrill Lynch starts trading on Oslo Axess.
A BROMSGROVE fish and chip shop has been successfully prosecuted after selling catfish advertised as cod.
A BROMSGROVE fish and chip shop has been successfully prosecuted.
Select Comfort Corp.'s share price has entered into oversold territory with a stochastic value of 18.0317.
Select Comfort Corp.'s price has entered into oversold territory.
US columnist, Ann Coulter has told an audience of gay Republicans, meeting at the home of PayPal founder Peter Thiel, that gay marriage isn't a civil right.
Columnist, Ann Coulter has told an audience of gay Republicans marriage isn't a civil right.
Fortunoff, the Westbury-based department store chain that was bought out of bankruptcy last month by retail conglomerate NRDC Equity Partners, has laid off about 190 workers, an NRDC spokeswoman confirmed Monday.
Fortunoff has laid off about 190 workers.
Barack Obama, one of the youngest presidents ever to take the oath of office when he's inaugurated Jan. 20, will be working with the nation's oldest Congress.
Barack Obama will be working with the nation's oldest Congress.
A POPULAR flower festival, which supports Cyprus charities, returns to Paphos in May for the eighth consecutive year.
A flower festival returns to Paphos.
Huntersville could officially enter the national health care debate on April 5 when commissioner Charles Jeter introduces resolutions against the federal health care bill passed by Democratic majorities in congress and expected to be signed into law by President Barack Obama.
Huntersville could enter the health care debate.
Seven-time defending champions Lyon stayed four points clear of chasers Marseille with a slender 1-0 win at Monaco on Saturday night, CNN reported.
Lyon stayed four points clear of chasers Marseille.
Junior miners are having to get creative to raise cash in the current economic crisis, and are looking to the Middle East and China for help.
Junior miners are having to get creative to raise cash.
This NBA betting preview of the San Antonio vs. New Orleans Wednesday night game is brought to you by SBG Global where the line opened at Hornets - 2.5 , Total 185.5
This NBA betting preview.
Prince Philip, husband of Queen Elizabeth of Britain, was resting quietly in a Scottish hospital Friday with no visitors allowed, the queen's staff said.
Philip was resting in a hospital.
Kristen Bell is ``nervous'' about being in love because she is such a ``control freak''.
Kristen Bell is nervous about being in love.
Controversial American rapper Snoop Dogg is the latest international celebrity to join the Slumdog Millionaire bandwagon.
Snoop Dogg is the latest celebrity to join the Slumdog Millionaire bandwagon.
Rihanna has been warned by her doctors to cut back on booze, blunts and hard partying while she's on tour or she could suffer another debilitating illness.
Rihanna has been warned by her doctors to cut back on booze, blunts while she's on tour.
Apple plans greater investment in China as its chief executive officer Tim Cook visited the country.
Apple plans greater investment in China.
The markets ended flat amid choppy trade on November settlement day.
The markets ended flat amid trade on November settlement day.
Young Tottenham Hotspur winger Andros Townsend has been recalled from his latest loan spell, at league one side MK Dons.
Andros Townsend has been recalled, at league MK Dons.
Lennar will introduce its newest neighborhood, Mandolin at Mountain's Edge, in southwestern Las Vegas this weekend with prices beginning from the low $100,000s.
Lennar will introduce its newest neighborhood.
The FDA issues draft guidance on its 517A appeals process for medical device review decisions.
The FDA issues draft guidance on its appeals process.
The Suffolk County Independence Party announced its support for Congressman Tim Bishop.
The Independence Party announced its support for Tim Bishop.
The UN atomic agency has approved a nuclear fuel bank that nations can draw on for their atomic programs in emergencies.
The UN atomic agency has approved a nuclear fuel bank.
The stock market is expected to take a short breather following a sharp run-up last week that saw the main index posting record highs due to heavy trading in shares of Philippine Long Distance Telephone Co. and Philex Mining Corp.
The market is expected to take a breather week.
During the Great Depression Franklin Delano Roosevelt famously stated, ``The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.''
The only thing we have to fear is.
In a startling match Washington has beaten Stanford by 84-83.
Washington has beaten Stanford by 84 83.
When a nun got stuck in an elevator for four days she survived on a diet of celery sticks, water and prayer.
A nun got stuck in an elevator for four days.
Dallas City Hall plans to implement an electronic campaign finance filing system for political candidates, shedding its status as one of the nation's few remaining major cities still collecting such information using ink and paper.
Dallas City Hall plans to implement an electronic campaign finance filing system.
A 25-year-old man has been charged with manslaughter over a fatal house fire in Sydney's northwest.
A man has been charged with manslaughter over a fire.
Labrinth, the singer and producer who featured on Tinie Tempah's smash hit ``Pass Out'' as well as reaching number 3 in the UK singles chart with his own single has revealed that he is working with American rockers Kings Of Leon.
Labrinth is working with Kings Of Leon.
Saudi Arabia has provided assistance and soft loans over the past 30 years to 95 developing countries, a minister said.
Saudi Arabia has provided assistance and soft loans to 95 countries.
AP Breaking News Video A winter weather advisory remains in effect for the Lakeshore counties of Ottawa, Muskegon, Mason, Lake, Oceana, Newaygo and Allegan until 1 pm today.
A winter weather advisory remains in effect.
Sarah Palin is lashing out at the portrayal of a character with Down syndrome on the Fox animated comedy``Family Guy.''
Sarah Palin is lashing out.
A standoff lasting several hours in Southington ended peacefully with the arrest of a man accused of threatening to kill his parents.
A standoff lasting hours in Southington ended with the arrest of a man accused of threatening to kill his parents.
Fort Wayne-based scrap-metal processor OmniSource Corp. has cut 209 jobs, including 135 at its hometown operations.
OmniSource Corp. has cut 209 jobs.
North Dakota's Senate has approved a measure that funds military caskets for needy veterans.
North Dakota's Senate has approved a measure that funds military caskets.
US presidential candidate Barack Obama is urging Europeans and Americans to work together to defeat terror and the extremism that supports it.
Barack Obama is urging Europeans and Americans to work together to defeat terror.
Mexico has announced what it calls a return to ``normalcy.''
Mexico has announced it calls a return to normalcy.
London Olympic chiefs defended the salaries of its top executives on Thursday after it emerged some were earning up to 100,000 pounds more than first thought.
London Olympic chiefs defended the salaries.
German and British investors reaffirmed their growing interest in the Angolan market, as well as the availability to contribute to the diversification of this African country's economy.
German and British investors reaffirmed their growing interest in the Angolan market.
Ferrous scrap prices are expected to stabilise at ``significantly lower levels'' than the peaks of nearly $700 per tonne fob for shredded material seen this year, market participants said on Wednesday.
Ferrous scrap prices are expected to stabilise at significantly lower levels.
A solar flare disrupted shortwave radio transmissions for half an hour in South Korea, the country's National Radio Research Agency says.
A solar flare disrupted shortwave radio transmissions.
Feb. 7, 2008 10:39 AM Cher is coming out of retirement to play a series of Las Vegas shows.
Cher is coming out of retirement.
A store clerk is recovering from multiple gunshot wounds after a shootout with an armed robber.
A store clerk is recovering from multiple gunshot wounds.
National Forensic Loan Audit Experts, real estate loan audit / finance experts, featured in The Wall Street Journal as one of America's PremierExperts™, in recognition of being leading experts in the mortgage violation audit industry.
National Forensic Loan Audit Experts / finance experts, featured in The Wall Street Journal.
Korean doctors based in Swaziland and South Africa on Sunday conducted free medical service sessions at Kholwane in KaPhunga.
Korean doctors conducted free medical service sessions.
Tourism Overview Figures from the Slovenian Tourist Board showed that 1.77mn foreign tourists visited Slovenia over the course of 2008.
1.77mn foreign tourists visited Slovenia over the course of 2008.
Afghan President Hamid Karzai fully supports the US strategy in Afghanistan, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Sunday, a day after Nato leaders agreed a landmark withdrawal plan.
Hamid Karzai fully supports the US strategy.
iiNet has bolstered its position as one of Australia's major telecommunications providers, agreeing to buy the AAPT consumer division from Telecom Corporation of New Zealand for $60 million.
IiNet has bolstered, agreeing to buy the AAPT consumer division.
A Yemeni security court on Monday convicted 13 Shiite rebels of plotting terrorist attacks, sentencing one of them to death, a judicial official said.
A Yemeni court convicted 13 Shiite rebels of plotting attacks.
An insider told X17 Online: ``Lindsay really wanted to go home to Los Angeles for the holiday. She wants to be back in her own space and feel like she's free again even if she's knows it's just temporary until after the beginning of the year.''
Lindsay wants to be and feel like she's free again.
Toyota recalled nearly 1.7 million cars worldwide on Wednesday for fuel leaks, the latest in a ballooning number of quality problems that could add another dent to its tarnished reputation in the crucial US market.
Toyota recalled nearly 1.7 million cars for fuel leaks.
Tyson Foods Inc. of Springdale said Thursday it will offer 20 million shares of Class A stock in a public offering.
Tyson Foods Inc. will offer 20 million shares.
Former Serie A power Juventus fell to Palermo, 3-1, in a mid-week clash at Stadio Olimpico on Thursday.
Juventus fell to Palermo in a clash at Stadio Olimpico.
Investcorp Bank has seen signs of a gradual recovery in the third quarter following the global recession in the first six months of the year.
Investcorp Bank has seen signs of a gradual recovery.
Loulou de la Falaise, who created jewellery and hats for fashion designer Yves Saint Laurent, died on Saturday at the age of 63, the Yves Saint Laurent-Pierre Bergé Foundation announced.
Loulou de la Falaise, who created jewellery for Yves Saint Laurent, died.
The Dallas Stars sent defenceman Mark Fistric, forward James Neal and left-winger Chris Conner to the minor leagues.
The Dallas Stars sent Mark Fistric, James Neal and Chris Conner to the minor leagues.
A former French minister was charged with graft Thursday over alleged arms deal kickbacks said to have funded the presidential campaign of an ally of President Nicolas Sarkozy, a lawyer said.
A former French minister was charged with graft.
Grey's Anatomy stars Ellen Pompeo and Patrick Dempsey have signed up for two more seasons of the show.
Grey's Anatomy stars have signed up for two more seasons.
Kenyans dominated the 28th Vienna Marathon yesterday, sweeping the top eight places in the competition.
Kenyans dominated the Vienna Marathon.
blinkx, the world's largest and most advanced video search engine, today announced that it is the fastest growing video site in the US, and also one of the fastest growing online sites in the UK, as users continue to turn to blinkx to find video content ranging from premium high definition movies and sports, to breaking news and top quality niche content.
Blinkx is the fastest growing video site in the US, one of the sites in the UK.
Traditional Chinese medicine directory and resource site TCMDirectory.com has announced it is to offer free websites to all holistic health practitioners looking to get online, as part of its ongoing commitment to help practitioners survive the recession and win more business in the economic downturn.
Site TCMDirectory.com has announced it is to offer free websites to all holistic health practitioners.
A house fire in West Campus leaves five University of Texas fraternity brothers homeless.
A fire leaves five fraternity brothers homeless.
A Times journalist was disciplined in 2009 for involvement in ``computer hacking'', the Leveson Inquiry has been told.
A Times journalist was disciplined for involvement in computer hacking.
Elaine Brown is taking the Fifth in the trial of three men accused of helping her and her husband evade arrest after being convicted on federal tax charges.
Elaine Brown is taking the Fifth.
The Chicago Bears added three players to the roster after a large workout Thursday, adding defensive end Cheta Ozougwuto the mix. The Tribune reported Thursday that veteran defensive tackles John McCargo and DeMario Pressley would be signed and the club announced all three players Friday.
The Chicago Bears added to the roster.
Cree was downgraded by research analysts at Ticonderoga from a ``buy'' rating to a ``neutral'' rating in a report issued on Monday.
Cree was downgraded at Ticonderoga to a neutral rating.
A recent study confirms that a popular French weight loss drug has killed and harmed thousands of users over the past 30 years.
A popular French weight loss drug has killed and harmed thousands.
Chinese P2P online video and download accelerator provider Xunlei has announced its 2010 gaming strategy.
Xunlei has announced its 2010 gaming strategy.
A Rome man was charged with felony marijuana possession after police found the drug in his vehicle after a traffic stop early Dec. 28, reports stated.
A man was charged with felony marijuana possession after police found after a traffic stop.
Nirmal Bang Equities has downgraded IVRCL to `Hold` from `Buy` with a price target of Rs 76 as against the current market price of Rs 70 in its report dated Apr. 3, 2012.
Nirmal Bang Equities has downgraded IVRCL to Hold.
Arrowstreet, a firm providing architecture, planning, and graphic design services, has promoted key staff members.
Arrowstreet has promoted key staff members.
An industry source based in Vietnam informed a polymerupdate team member that talks on five oil projects between Vietnam and Venezuela were proceeding at a fast pace.
That talks on five oil projects between Vietnam and Venezuela were proceeding at a fast pace.
Amid tepid demand at home and calls from the Obama administration to explore global markets, more small businesses are seeking out export financing, the Export-Import Bank reported Friday.
More small businesses are seeking out export financing.
A ruling party leader in South Korea proposed Thursday holding parliamentary talks with North Korea to resolve tension caused by the shooting death of a tourist near a mountain resort in the North.
A leader in South Korea proposed holding talks with North Korea.
Huhne, who will continue to serve in Parliament with the Liberal Democrat party, will appear in court later this month to face a criminal charge of perverting the course of justice.
Huhne, who will continue, will appear to face a criminal charge.
Tunisians turned out in force for their country's first truly free elections on Sunday, voting that is expected to favor a long-banned Islamist party and seen as a bellwether for pro-democracy movements across the Arab world.
Tunisians turned out in force.
CouponSpot announces launch of online operations with a swank new website that offers coupon codes and shopping deals to over 1000 online stores.
CouponSpot announces launch with a new website that offers coupon codes to over 1000 online stores.
A 69-year-old Presque Isle man was killed Friday in a two-vehicle collision on Houlton Road.
A Presque Isle man was killed in a collision.
Thomson Reuters today launched Elektron, its next generation real-time network and hosting environment, in India to meet the strong demand for fast and cost-effective access to this important emerging market.
Thomson Reuters today launched Elektron in India.
By Daily Star Reporter THE 70th anniversary of the historic Dambusters raid was marked with a Lancaster bomber flypast yesterday.
THE 70th anniversary of the Dambusters raid was marked with a Lancaster bomber flypast.
Almost all major car makers were launching their version of the compact car for Indian roads Private sector engineering major Larsen \u0026 Toubro has said that China is systematically killing the Indian manufacturing sector, and sought 25% anti-dumping duty on Chinese goods.
China is killing the Indian manufacturing sector.
Regent's Park Open Air Theatre has announced today that Robert Sean Leonard will play Atticus Finch in To Kill a Mockingbird, the first production of the 2013 season.
Robert Sean Leonard will play Atticus Finch in To Kill a Mockingbird.
Kim Peek, the real Rain Man whose almost unimaginable powers of memory were coupled with severe disabilities and who inspired the Oscar-winning film role played by Dustin Hoffman, has died of a heart attack in his home town of Salt Lake City, aged 58.
Kim Peek, the real Rain Man, has died of a heart attack in his home town of Salt Lake City, aged 58.
Mitsubishi Motors Corp., maker of the iMiEV electric car, raised its full-year vehicle sales forecast on higher estimates for Europe.
Mitsubishi Motors Corp. raised its vehicle sales forecast.
Self harm crisis centre, Pieta House, is marking its fifth year in operation in the Lucan area of Dublin by opening a new facility in Limerick today.
Self harm crisis centre is marking by opening in Limerick.
the Spanish relegation battle reaches its grim, dramatic, traumatic conclusion on Sunday.
The Spanish relegation battle reaches its, dramatic, conclusion.
Pakistani troops fired at NATO helicopters patrolling the Afghan-Pakistani border.
Pakistani troops fired at NATO helicopters.
Bargainica, a local discount organic and natural foods store, will close its State Street location Oct. 31.
Bargainica will close its State Street location.
Dan Uggla extended his hit streak to 28 games today during the Braves 6-5 victory over the Mets.
Dan Uggla extended his hit streak to 28 games.
Falkirk manager John Hughes says he know exactly what went wrong in the defeat to Hibernian last weekend.
John Hughes know what went wrong.
Maersk Line, the world's largest container shipper, said on Monday it would raise freight rates between Asia and Europe in two stages.
Maersk Line would raise rates between Asia and Europe.
RailTel, the telecom arm of Indian Railways, is set to provide optical fibre-based broadband network in neighbouring countries like Bangladesh and Bhutan.
RailTel is set to provide broadband network in countries like Bangladesh and Bhutan.
Cleveland BioLabs, Inc. today announced that it will host a conference call at 10:00 am EDT on May 4, to provide an update on the Company's development progress and corporate strategy.
Cleveland BioLabs Inc. will host, to provide an update on the Company's development progress.
Adult film star Jessie Andrews on Friday launched a line of women's jewelry called Bagatiba, which is the Latvian word for ``opulence.''
Jessie Andrews launched a line of women's jewelry.
Direct free kick taken by Timor (Osasuna) left footed attempt His shot narrowly misses the target.
Free kick taken by Timor (Osasuna) left.
``A democracy is always temporary in nature; it simply cannot exist as a permanent form of government. A democracy will continue to exist up until the time that voters discover that they can vote themselves generous gifts from the public treasury. From that moment on, the majority always votes for the candidates who promise the most benefits from the public treasury, with the result that every democracy will finally collapse over loose fiscal policy, always followed by a dictatorship. ``The average age of the world's greatest civilizations from the beginning of history, has been about 200 years. During those 200 years, these nations always progressed through the following sequence: From bondage to spiritual faith; from spiritual faith to great courage; from courage to liberty; from liberty to abundance; from abundance to complacency; from complacency to apathy; from apathy to dependence; from dependence back into bondage.'' Whose obituary does this appear to be? A clue: born 1776, died 2012. SqlXml execution failed. (Microsoft)(ODBC SQL Server Driver)(SQL Server)Incorrect syntax near the keyword 'and'. (Microsoft)(ODBC SQL Server Driver)(SQL Server)Statement could not be prepared.
A democracy is temporary in nature.
CAMRA, the Campaign for Real Ale, is looking for examples of publicans who have diversified their businesses to make them more successful.
CAMRA is looking for examples of publicans who have diversified their businesses.
FARGO, ND The Fargo City Commission has voted unanimously to move ahead with a southside flood control project.
FARGO, has voted to move ahead with a flood control project.
``This is an emergency,'' Mayor Thomas Menino said in a joint press conference with Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis and Suffolk County District Attorney Dan Conley.
This is an emergency.
US crude oil price edged down on Tuesday after choppy trading as conflicts in Libya continued and US was supposed to post an increasing crude inventories report on Wednesday.
Oil price edged down after choppy trading.
An eastern Kentucky couple accused of sexually abusing two children will stay behind bars on a five million dollar bond.
An couple accused of sexually abusing two children will stay behind bars.
New Delhi, Aug 2 India will soon begin scaling up its immunisation programmes to reach out to remote regions of the country, Health Minister Ghulam Nabi Azad told the World Health Organisation's high-level ministerial meeting here Tuesday.
New Delhi, India will begin scaling up its immunisation programmes.
Ethiopian troops have crossed the border back into central Somalia, only days after Addis Ababa completed a military pullout from its neighbour, witnesses and officials said Tuesday.
Ethiopian troops have crossed back into Somalia.
Richmond County investigators are looking into a report that a man impersonating a police officer took a bag of jewelry from an 84-year-old Augusta man.
A man impersonating a police officer took.
Three Schererville families are walking at Lincoln Park in Chicago on Saturday to help raise funds for children's cancer research.
Three families are walking to help raise funds for children's cancer research.
Senate Democrats said this morning they have the 32 votes needed to reclaim the majority, saying they picked up the three seats needed to regain power.
Senate Democrats said they have the 32 votes needed to reclaim the majority.
NORTH CAROLINA, CRAVEN COUNTY AMENDED NOTICE OF FORECLOSURE SALE 09 SP 297 Under and by virtue of a Power of Sale contained in that certain Deed of Trust executed by Christine Carol Richards, separated to David W Dillard, Trustee, which was dated June 24, 2004 and recorded on June 30, 2004 in Book 2203 at Page 65, Craven County Registry, North Carolina.
NORTH CAROLINA, CRAVEN COUNTY AMENDED.
Kristin Chenoweth is quitting ``The Good Wife'' ... blaming her sudden exit on the devastating injuries she sustained during a freak accident on the set last month.
Kristin Chenoweth is quitting The Good Wife.
CEO of Xilinx Inc. Moshe Gavrielov sells 5,730 shares of XLNX on 12/02/2011 at an average price of $33.57 a share.
CEO of Xilinx Inc. Moshe Gavrielov sells 5,730 shares of XLNX.
Long Island, NY, October 03, 2009 --- ``Questions about wild turkey presence continue well beyond our participation in the NYSDEC Summer Wild Turkey Survey,'' said Mindy Block, Quality Parks President.
Long Island - Questions about wild turkey presence continue.
An eastern Arizona boy is set to be sentenced Friday on a trio of probation violations.
An Arizona boy is set to be sentenced on a trio of probation violations.
Ranchi district has highest literacy rate at 77.13 per cent and Pakur has the lowest with 50.17.
Ranchi district has highest literacy rate.
Laurie Rowley, one of the most prolific writers of TV comedy, has died at the age of 68.
Laurie Rowley has died.
Kathmandu, Dec 1 Charles Sobhraj, who is serving a life sentence here for the 1975 murder of an American tourist, has now moved the UN for justice, filing a complaint against the government of Nepal.This is not the 64-year-old celebrated international criminal's first complaint to the UN Human Rights Committee mandated to monitor the implementation of the 1966 UN treaty, Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
Charles Sobhraj has moved the UN for justice.
Goldcorp is preparing to sell its 49% stake in Silver Wheaton Corp., a transaction that could raise at least C$1.8 billion, according to sources close to the deal.
Goldcorp is preparing to sell its stake in Silver Wheaton Corp..
Brent crude futures extended gains to more than $1 on Thursday as the weak dollar and caution ahead of Iran's talks with major powers about Tehran's nuclear program supported oil prices.
Brent crude futures extended gains to more than $ 1.
Aparna Nair, famous as a stage performer, is making her debut in Tamil.
Aparna Nair is making her debut in Tamil.
Lockheed Martin delivered the sixth C-130J Super Hercules to crews at Dyess Air Force Base, Texas, today.
Lockheed Martin delivered the C-130J Super Hercules at Dyess Air Force Base.
The world's oldest person has died in Japan at the age of 116, local government officials said.
The world's oldest person has died at the age of 116.
Katy Perry and Russell Brand are reportedly set to get married next weekend in India.
Katy Perry and Russell Brand are set to get married next weekend.
FlightSafety and Gulfstream are expanding the total technical training programme to include aircraft cabin systems courses.
FlightSafety and Gulfstream are expanding the training programme.
Country crooner Kenny Chesney recently told Hollywood actress Reese Witherspoon that he is a big fan of her.
Kenny Chesney is a fan of Reese Witherspoon.
Three Central Michigan players have been kicked off the football team after being charged with crimes, including a prep star who transferred from Michigan.
Three Central Michigan players have been kicked off the team.
Turkish police seized over 179 kg of hashish in two operations in eastern Turkey on Saturday, the semi-official Anatolia news agency reported.
Police seized over 179 kg of hashish in two operations in Turkey.
Gov. Jay Nixon proposed Friday to cut 31 state boards and 473 appointment positions that he says are redundant or are no longer holding meetings.
Jay Nixon proposed to cut 31 state boards.
A student of Guru Govind Singh B.Ed college was committed suicide today by consuming sulfas, sources said.
A student was committed suicide.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday wished Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J.Jayalalithaa on her 64th birthday.
Manmohan Singh wished Chief Minister J.Jayalalithaa on her 64th birthday.
Bobbi Kristina and adopted brother turned fiancé Nick Gordon saved a mans life by springing into action to help a hearts attack victim near Atlanta.
Bobbi Kristina turned fiancé Nick Gordon saved by springing to help a hearts attack victim.
A new dual carriageway to reduce congestion, improve journey times and safety on the A421 between the M1 and Bedford is now open to traffic.
A new dual carriageway, is open.
Members of the Toronto Hash Mob chanted, ``We're here, we're high, get used to it!'' to early morning commuters on Queen St. W., adding marijuana laws need to be changed.
We 're here, we 're high.
A $31 million budget deficit projected for the remainder of the current fiscal year and for 2009-10 could grow, warn town officials, who say that could force them to consider further cost reductions, including another round of layoffs from the municipal workforce.
A budget deficit could grow.
Rihanna and Chris Brown were seen showing PDA during the Grammy Awards on February 10th.
Rihanna and Chris Brown were seen showing PDA during the Grammy Awards.
She was arrested for possession after drug sniffing dogs found the hash and a small amount of marijuana, and is waiting for a judge to decide her fate.
She was arrested after dogs found the hash.
Six NFL players have been suspended for four games each after taking banned substances which could act as masking agents for steroids, the NFL said yesterday.
Six NFL players have been suspended.
Behind a flurry of three pointers and some stout defense, the Kansas Jayhawks lead the Valparaiso Lancers 44-27 at half.
The Kansas Jayhawks lead 44 27 at half.
Kid Rock does not understand how people can check themselves into rehab to battle their drug addictions.
Kid Rock does not understand people can check into rehab.
You were the leader among the five of us and the guidance and advice you gave us will remain in our hearts forever.
You were the leader.
Sarah Palin, the former Alaska governor and Republican vice-presidential candidate, has left Fox News after a three-year stint at the cable network.
Sarah Palin has left Fox News.
Tesco , Britain's largest retailer, survived a big investor protest over changes to its management share option plan on Friday, but comfortably saw off complaints it should do more to help migrant workers.
Tesco survived a investor protest.
The Luzon-wide blackout caused by tropical storm Basyang affected water supply in some areas in Cavite and Las Piñas on Wednesday.
Basyang affected water supply in some areas in Cavite and Las Piñas.
His Budget Director says New York is ``officially'' in recession.
New York is officially in recession.
The Bryant Babe Ruth All Stars win in the World Series semi-finals Tuesday night beating Monroe Township, NJ 2-1 in Kitsap County, Washington.
The Bryant Babe Ruth All Stars win in the semi-finals.
A soldier from South Lake Tahoe was killed in Iraq when the vehicle he was in was struck by a roadside bomb, the military announced Wednesday.
A soldier from South Lake Tahoe was killed in Iraq.
Well, you'll never see a postman on a bike any more either.
You 'll never see a postman on a bike.
Ebrahim returns to Formula Two after a promising 2009 campaign which saw him score several points paying finishes, including a standout weekend in Brno where he improved an incredible total of 24 places in the two races to claim sixth place in each.
Ebrahim returns to Formula Two.
A recent article from The Hollywood Reporter has announced that Joaquin Phoenix will be starring in a new Paul Thomas Anderson film titled Inherent Vice.
Joaquin Phoenix will be starring in a Paul Thomas Anderson film titled Inherent Vice.
Crusaders rugby coach Todd Blackadder was not tempted to recall regular captain Kieran Read despite the late loss of fellow loose forward Richie McCaw for the Super rUGBY southern derby against the Highlanders tomorrow.
Todd Blackadder was not tempted to recall Kieran Read.
The Tigers improved to 4-0 and the Panthers fell to 3-2.
The Tigers improved to 4 0.
ANAHEIM, Calif ANAHEIM, Calif. Jered Weaver learned Thursday that he lost his arbitration case to the Angels, a ruling that dictates the ace will receive a salary of $7.365 million this season instead of the $8.8 million he was seeking.
Jered Weaver lost his arbitration case.
The Texas Senate approved the ``Sanctuary Cities'' bill early this morning with all
The Texas Senate approved the Sanctuary Cities bill.
Sir Elton John and his partner, Canadian born David Furnish have become proud parents.
Elton John and his partner, David Furnish have become parents.
Nearly 1 in 20 Americans older than 50 have artificial knees, or more than 4 million people, according to the first national estimate showing how common these replacement joints have become in an aging population.
Nearly 1 in 20 Americans older than 50 have artificial knees according to the first national estimate.
HSBC has cut its fixed mortgage rates from today, bringing relief to a small band of mortgage holders.
HSBC has cut its mortgage rates.
Apple Inc. said it will open its first Hong Kong retail store this quarter and is targeting another Shanghai store opening by the end of the year.
Apple Inc. will open its first Hong Kong store this quarter.
A snowmobiler was injured Saturday afternoon when his companion ran into him while they were traveling on North St. Helen Road.
A snowmobiler was injured his companion ran.
Foreign Minister Kevin Rudd has been treated in hospital for a foot infection.
Kevin Rudd has been treated in hospital for a infection.
A Salina business is scammed out of over $21,000 worth of inventory.
A Salina business is scammed.
Tigers reliever Joel Zumaya is scheduled to pitch for Triple-A Toledo on Saturday after having his rehab transferred from Class A Lakeland.
Joel Zumaya is scheduled to pitch for Toledo on Saturday.
BJP slammed the railway budget saying that it had been prepared in haste and failed to provide the needed impetus even as Congress described it as pro people and a reflection of the policies of the UPA Government.
BJP slammed the railway budget.
Italian giants Inter Milan were stunned by Trabzonspor as the Turkish stand-ins began their Champions League season with a shock 1-0 win at the San Siro.
Inter Milan were stunned by Trabzonspor.
Two well-known north Suffolk pubs have closed adding to the rising tide of drinking holes calling time.
Two north Suffolk pubs have closed.
The Moscow authorities are working out a strategy for developing the ZIL truck factory, said Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin on Sunday.
The Moscow authorities are working out a strategy for developing the ZIL factory.
A man early this morning robbed a 7-Eleven store in Bradenton after he threatened to shoot someone, according to the Manatee County Sheriff's Office.
A man robbed a 7-Eleven store in Bradenton.
A Travelers Rest man who was punched in the face March 21 died from his injuries five days later, resulting in a voluntary manslaughter charge against one of his neighbors, authorities said today.
A Travelers Rest man who was punched in the face died five days later.
Mexico's National Human Rights Commission called on the government Tuesday to find four Mexican journalists reported missing in or near the violence-wracked northern state of Durango.
Four Mexican journalists reported missing the state of Durango.
The People Mover resumed operations at 6 pm today after being shut down because of a storm this week, officials said.
The People Mover resumed operations.
A MAN will face court today, charged over a Tuart Hill home invasion last week which left a man in hospital.
A MAN will face, charged over a Tuart Hill home invasion.
For those with seriously diminished attention spans, the update on our team's fortunes goes thus: the Eagles need only an ounce of luck to make the top four; the Dockers need a minor miracle to make the eight.
The Dockers need a miracle.
A 20-year-old man was shot in the head and killed in Pinewood Gardens Wednesday night.
A man was shot in the head and killed.
Economic uncertainty weighed the markets down to a lower close with the Dow easing 2 points to 13,073.
Uncertainty weighed the markets down to a lower close.
Arsene Wenger has described the growing criticism of his management of Arsenal as ``unbelievable'' and admitted he is made to feel as if he has ``killed someone''.
Arsene Wenger is made to feel as he has killed someone.
Several vintage World War II planes are on display at Fort Wayne International Airport in Fort Wayne.
World War II planes are on display.
Troy Renck of the Denver Post reports that the Rockies have talked to the agent for veteran reliever Brad Lidge.
The Rockies have talked to the agent for Brad Lidge.
Women voters, long taken for granted by Hillary Clinton as she gave speeches about making history as the first female American president, are deserting her in droves for her rival Barack Obama.
Women voters are deserting Hillary Clinton.
The largest international Mothercare store has opened today in Dubai Mall with a day long celebration of children and family entertainment suitably marking the 25th anniversary of the brand's presence in the region.
The largest international Mothercare store has opened in Dubai Mall.
The FAA is trying to figure out what forced a pilot to make an emergency landing in Branch County.
What forced a pilot to make an emergency landing in Branch County.
Despite several rumors \u0026 reports, Taylor Momsen told Katie Krause that she will NOT be returning to Gossip Girl for the 100th episode set to air in January of 12.
Taylor Momsen will NOT be returning to Gossip Girl for the 100th episode.
Bizarre Vic kidnap plotter sent to jail Updated: 19:09, Friday May 3, 2013 A Melbourne man has been jailed for at least seven years over the kidnapping and attempted murder of an 29-year-old woman in a failed extortion plot.
Bizarre Vic kidnap plotter sent to jail Updated.
European sharemarkets fell for a second day on Wednesday, with national benchmark indexes falling in 17 of the 18 western European markets, led lower by stocks in insurers, banks and commodity producers.
European sharemarkets fell on Wednesday.
Manchester United full-back Patrice Evra has defended France team-mate Thierry Henry amid his handball controversy.
Patrice Evra has defended Thierry Henry.
I am a big fan of men wearing undershirts under their dress shirts.
I am a fan of men wearing undershirts.
AOL has bought content aggregator Sphere, in an effort to expand its network of content publishers and drive online users to AOL pages.
AOL has bought content aggregator Sphere.
Zimbabwe has accused Botswana of training opposition insurgents to oust President Robert Mugabe, state media said, increasing tensions between the neighbours and adding to doubts over a power-sharing deal.
Zimbabwe has accused Botswana of training insurgents.
Actor Diego Luna has welcomed a baby girl with his wife Camila Sodi and named her after his late mother.
Diego Luna has welcomed a baby girl.
In the Philippines, the love for shopping malls runs deep, so deep that they coined a special term to describe this favourite national pasttime.
In the Philippines, the love for shopping malls runs, deep.
BIG-SERVING Australian Chris Guccione won both tie-breakers to beat American Vince Spadea in a straight sets at the ATP and WTA hardcourt tournament in Memphis.
Chris Guccione won to beat in a straight sets.
Cambodians at the Thai-Cambodian border Tuesday have been stockpiling goods from the Thai side due to continued rumors of the border closure because of the diplomatic standoff of the two countries.
Cambodians at the border have been stockpiling goods from the Thai side due to rumors of the closure.
A trial date has been set for three Prince Albert men charged in a stabbing death that took place last summer.
A trial date has been set for three men charged in a stabbing death.
India's largest private sector lender, ICICI Bank, will add 400-500 branches annually over the next three years and focus on financing infrastructure projects in road and power.
India's lender, ICICI Bank, will add 400 - 500 branches annually.
THE ``F'' word, as in frustration, was etched into many an Irish face on exiting the recorder's hut behind the 18th green at Wentworth yesterday.
THE F word as was etched into an Irish face.
StatoilHydro has confirmed the existence of oil, gas and condensate in the north-eastern part of the Smørbukk deposit, which is part of the Åsgard field in the Norwegian Sea.
StatoilHydro has confirmed the existence of oil, gas and condensate in the part of the Smørbukk deposit.
Jaunpur, Jan 18 A murder convict escaped from police custody while being transferred to another jail, police said here today.
Convict escaped from police custody.
With the release of their third full-length album, ``Carriage,'' set for June 29 on Out Of This Spark, Forest City Lovers have announced a first round of North American tour dates for the summer of 2010 with additional shows still to be announced.
Forest City Lovers have announced a round of North American tour dates.
Kellogg's has announced a voluntary recall on some Special K Red Berries cereal packages due to the possible presence of glass fragments.
Kellogg has announced a voluntary recall on some packages due to the possible presence of glass fragments.
The Crusaders have roared back to life with a 41-19 victory over the Bulls in a surprisingly one-sided affair at AMI Stadium in Christchurch on Saturday night.
The Crusaders have roared back to life.
A man with a history of mental illness has pleaded not guilty in Los Angeles to stalking actress and singer Selena Gomez.
A man has pleaded not guilty to stalking actress and Selena Gomez.
Jones secured his first NL batting title, walking in his only at-bat of the game.
Jones secured his first batting title.
Open source software provider Red Hat has released a new open hybrid cloud management platform, Red Hat CloudForms.
Red Hat has released a new open hybrid cloud management platform.
Philip Seymour Hoffman has officially been cast as Plutarch Heavensbee in The Hunger Games sequel, Catching Fire.
Philip Seymour Hoffman has been cast as Plutarch Heavensbee in The sequel, Catching Fire.
Microsoft says it is poised to make a 'major' announcement in Los Angeles on Monday.
Microsoft is poised to make a major announcement.
``Victorious'' stars Avan Jogia and Liz Gillies recently met up with Teen.com to talk about the new ``Victorious'' video games ``Victorious: Time to Shine'' on the XBox Kinect and ``Victorious: Hollywood Arts Debut'' for the Nintendo DS. Developed by D3Publisher, the games give players a chance to attend Hollywood Arts, interact with all your favorite stars, and be a star.
Stars Avan Jogia and Liz Gillies met up to talk about the Victorious video games, the games give.
``The situation changed with the shift of power. The Ukrainian diplomacy started viewing GUAM as a restraint of Russian interest in the Caucasus and Black Sea countries as well as in Central Asia. However, GUAM is mostly a US project and its futility is conditioned by lack of economic foundation, the Caspian oil,'' he said, Analitika.at.ua reports.
GUAM is and its futility is conditioned by lack of economic foundation.
ANZ posted a record interim profit and says it is well placed to withstand the headwinds of a more difficult trading environment.
ANZ posted a record profit.
Price of gold in Vietnam rose above VND42 million a tael on August 6 thanks to a slight rise in global price triggered by risk appetite.
Price of gold rose above VND42 million.
Microsoft announced plans to open its own stores despite the economic downturn that has left many retailers struggling.
Microsoft announced plans to open its stores.
With a severe shortage of domestic coal supply, private utility Tata Power is scouting for coal mines overseas, particularly in Indonesia and South Africa, a senior company official said on Wednesday.
Tata Power is scouting for coal mines, particularly in Indonesia and South Africa.
And last night the families of the three Paras killed in Afghanistan paid tribute to their brave young men, saying they made them proud every day.
They made them proud every day.
Fisherman across the state joined by political leaders, social activists and others formed a human chain on Saturday, seeking protection to fishermen and their means of livelihood.
Fisherman, formed a human chain.
AP critics pick the year's best movies Meredith Sue Israel Thomas, a publicist for key acts like Dave Matthews Band and Christina Aguilera, died from cancer last week.
AP critics pick the year's best movies.
Bollywood actress Kareena Kapoor endorsed a jewellery brand Gitanjali Jewels here on Monday.
Kareena Kapoor endorsed a jewellery brand.
MINNEAPOLIS Arctic Cat says it plans to cut another 60 jobs in Minnesota, its second round of layoffs this year.
Arctic Cat plans to cut another 60 jobs.
The Election Secretariat says casting of postal votes will take place today and tomorrow.
Casting of postal votes will take place today and tomorrow.
The Museum of Contemporary Art in downtown Chicago has received a $10 million gift from two longtime supporters.
The Museum of Contemporary Art has received a $ 10 million gift.
Scientists have pointed to forests for carbon storage solutions, as they help stabilize the climate and are abundant sources of other ecological goods and services -- such as cleansed air, fertile soil and filtered water.
Scientists have pointed to forests for carbon storage solutions.
Individuals with Parkinson's disease were more likely to have a neurochemical response to a placebo medication if they were told they had higher odds of receiving an active drug showing that expectations may affect the placebo response.
Expectations may affect the placebo response.
Veolia Environment has sold its water and wastewater business to Beijing Enterprises Water Group Ltd. Europe's biggest water company sold its business for Eur95 million or US$121 million in an effort to cut its debt.
Veolia Environment has sold its water and wastewater business.
The Carteret County Sheriff's office is looking for a sex offender after he failed to notify the Sheriff's Office of his new address.
The Carteret County Sheriff's office is looking for a sex offender.
Wayne Rooney's wife Coleen has unveiled her new affordable swinging sixties vintage collection for online store Littlewoods.
Wayne Rooney's wife has unveiled her new swinging sixties collection for Littlewoods.
Food Lion LLC kicks off its seventh annual ``Hunger Has a Cure'' campaign to support local food banks affiliated with Feeding America.
Food Lion LLC kicks off its annual Hunger Has a Cure campaign.
Greece urged Turkey on Sept. 9 to pull its troops out of divided Cyprus as a telling contribution to the UN-backed peace process aimed at ending the island's division.
Greece urged Turkey to pull its troops out of Cyprus.
Jamia Millia Islamia university will hold a silent peace march on November 5, 2008 to spread the message of peace, tolerance, secularism and communal harmony.
Jamia Millia Islamia university will hold a peace march.
The financially troubled multi-million dollar Caribbean investment firm Harlequin Property has applied for its sales arm to go into administration.
The firm Harlequin Property has applied to go into administration.
If Demi Lovato has a say in things then yes, she would love a Demi/Miley Cyrus duet on her upcoming album!
Demi Lovato would love a Miley Cyrus duet.
CHARLESTON, SC Three-time Grand Slam Champion Maria Sharapova has committed to play in the 2011 Family Circle Cup in Charleston.
CHARLESTON, Maria Sharapova has committed to play.
A Territorial Army soldier who volunteered to serve in Afghanistan was killed after saying he was ``still waiting'' for promised new body armour and helmets.
He was waiting for body armour.
Bangladesh coach Jamie Siddons has been fined 10 per cent of his applicable match fee for breaching the ICC Code of Conduct during his team's second Test match against England at Dhaka.
Bangladesh coach Jamie Siddons has been fined 10 per cent of his match fee.
Now it turns out that the rumors are true, as confirmation has surfaced that the Xperia X10 will officially be stuck on Android 2.1.
The Xperia X10 will be stuck on Android 2.1.
They won a game because of pitching, they lost a player because of injury, and they spoke hopefully of rolling with the punches because they've done that all year.
They won a game, they lost a player.
Gold futures climbed more than $10 an ounce in electronic trading on Globex during afternoon trading in Tokyo as the market attempted to recoup part of the metal's two-session loss of $31.60.
Gold futures climbed more than $ 10 in trading on Globex.
BUNYA landfill could soon be producing green power under a bold new plan to reduce greenhouse gases.
Landfill could be producing green power.
Sterling fell broadly on Monday, hitting the day's low against the euro as a European central bank was seen buying the single European currency ahead of the day's fixing.
Sterling fell broadly, hitting the day low against the euro was seen.
Hundreds of children have been missing following the devastating floods in Pakistan, a media report said.
Hundreds of children have been missing following the floods.
Supreme Court Justice Sarosh Homi Kapadia has been appointed the new chief justice of India.
Sarosh Homi Kapadia has been appointed the new chief justice of India.
James ``Whitey'' Bulger pleaded not guilty to a 32-count federal indictment, including 19 murders, in Boston on Wednesday.
James ``Whitey'' Bulger pleaded not guilty.
14/05/2008 17:00:00 Business Wire Sogeti USA, a premier provider of information technology solutions \u0026 services, was recently honored at the Cincinnati USA Partnership s annual growth awards in recognition of significant investments made by the company in the Blue Ash region.
17:00:00 Sogeti USA was honored at the Cincinnati USA Partnership s annual growth awards.
AP takes a look back at 2011 with a video that played before 1 million revelers in a partnership with the Times Square Alliance.
AP takes a look back at 2011.
Between 2008 and 2009, total state government revenue dropped by more than 30 percent, according to recently released US Census Bureau figures.
State government revenue dropped by more than 30 percent.
Roman Catholic Archbishop of Mobile, the Most Reverend Thomas J. Rodi, has asked all Catholic parishes within the archdiocese to conduct a special collection January 16 and 17 for disaster relief in Haiti, following the deadly earthquakes that hit that impoverished nation this past week.
Archbishop has asked to conduct a special collection.
It has been a confusing night of trading; adversity to risk has ruled in most financial markets, as the Asia/Pacific stock markets closed mostly down, the European bourses are declining, and the gold/oil spread advanced.
Adversity to risk has ruled in most financial markets.
The New York Philharmonic Orchestra arrived Wednesday in South Korea a day after an historic performance in North Korea.
The New York Philharmonic Orchestra arrived in South Korea.
Lions quarterback Shaun Hill suffered a fractured left arm against the New York Giants today just before halftime.
Lions quarterback Shaun Hill suffered a fractured left arm.
Investment Advisor SP Tulsian is of the view that one can remain invested in Sesa Goa.
One can remain invested in Sesa Goa.
Three women in Malaysia have been caned for offences under Islamic law, the first time females have received such a punishment there.
Three women have been caned for offences under Islamic law.
The keys to two new schools in Guernsey have been handed from the builders to the Education Department.
The keys to two new schools have been handed.
Relay for Life of Pittsgrove is seeking volunteers to make its 2012 event a success.
Relay for Life of Pittsgrove is seeking volunteers.
Four more Palestinians were critically wounded by Israeli fire at West Bank protests on Monday afternoon, hours after two Palestinians died from wounds as widespread rallies were held in support of Gaza.
Four more Palestinians were critically wounded at West Bank protests.
Triangle Capital Corporation today announced the commencement of a public offering of 2,500,000 shares of common stock in an underwritten public offering.
Triangle Capital Corporation today announced the commencement of a public offering of 2,500,000 shares of common stock.
Cloud storage outfit Mediafire has launched an Android app and it is offering 50GB of free storage to mark the occasion.
Mediafire has launched an Android app.
Circuit City stores will offer an HD DVD notebook deal beginning next week in a new store promotion.
Circuit City stores will offer an HD DVD notebook deal beginning next week.
JLS think Lily Allen has ``lovely boobs'', after the guys got an eyeful of the singer at the BRITs last month.
JLS think Lily Allen has lovely boobs.
METAL thieves ruthlessly ripped up copper piping inside a scout hut used weekly by hundreds of youngsters.
Thieves ripped up copper piping inside a scout hut.
The Stamford man killed Saturday by lightning while fishing from a jetty worked in Valhalla, the Connecticut Post reported.
The man killed by lightning worked in Valhalla.
Tina Fey reprised her role as Sarah Palin on Saturday Night Live, again appearing as the Republican vice presidential candidate in an opening sketch.
Tina Fey reprised her role as Sarah Palin.
With election day fast approaching, time is running out for unenrolled voters to get their names on the roll.
Time is running out for voters to get their names on the roll.
Automatic life sentences for every murderer could be scrapped in a fresh review of the law, a justice minister has signalled.
Automatic life sentences for every murderer could be scrapped.
A convenient store manager was shot by a motorcyclist yesterday in Taipei and the suspect was still on the run.
A convenient store manager was shot by a motorcyclist.
Rafael Nadal produced another masterclass of clay-court tennis on Sunday to win his fifth French Open title and avenge last year's defeat by Robin Soderling.
Rafael Nadal produced to win his fifth French Open title.
Altor Equity Partners has confirmed that it is looking to offload Norwegian outdoor wear brand Helly Hansen.
Altor Equity Partners is looking to offload Helly Hansen.
Kenneth Bacon, a Pentagon spokesman in the Clinton administration, died Saturday at the age of 64 after losing a battle with skin cancer that made its way to his brain.
Kenneth Bacon, a Pentagon spokesman, died.
The January 12 earthquake in Haiti caused extensive damage to port facilities in Port au Prince.
The earthquake in Haiti caused extensive damage to facilities in Port au Prince.
AOL has completed its $315 million purchase of online news hub The Huffington Post.
AOL has completed its purchase of The Huffington Post.
ArvinMeritor Inc., which makes parts for commercial vehicles, said Tuesday it narrowed its third-quarter loss significantly as revenue rose 35 percent.
ArvinMeritor Inc. said it narrowed its loss.
In addition, World Bank members agreed to a general capital increase of 3 and a half billion US dollars.
World Bank members agreed to a general capital increase.
Some dog treats have been recalled after a five year FDA investigation over thousands of dogs getting sick and hundreds of dogs dying from an antibiotic in the product.
Some dog treats have been recalled after a five year investigation.
Former anti-gay megachurch pastor Ted Haggard, who fell from grace amid a sex scandal involving a male prostitute, is starting a new church in Colorado Springs.
Ted Haggard is starting a new church in Colorado Springs.
Sources close to the fight have informed Top MMA News that John Makdessi vs Kyle Watson has been added to the April 30th UFC 129 event at the Rogers Bell Centre in Toronto, Ontario.
John Makdessi vs Kyle Watson has been added UFC 129 event.
Oakland Raiders wide receiver Darrius Heyward-Bey insists ... he didn't drive drunk on a San Francisco bridge last month -- pleading ``not guilty'' to DUI today in a California court.
Darrius Heyward-Bey didn't drive -- pleading not guilty to DUI.
Bank of America has agreed to buy investment bank Merrill Lynch for US$50 billion in a transaction that creates the world's largest financial services company, the bank announced early Monday.
Bank of America has agreed to buy Merrill Lynch for US $ 50 billion.
Dr. Dre, Iovine donate $70M for new USC center - wistv.com - Columbia, South Carolina A Richland County jury has found Brett Parker guilty of killing his wife and business partner inside his home in April, 2012.Copyright 2013 WIS.
Dr. Dre, Iovine donate $ 70M for new USC center wistv.com Columbia, South Carolina Richland County jury has found.
Three-time surfing world champion Andy Irons died of dengue fever today, at the young age of 32.
Surfing world champion Andy Irons died of dengue fever, at the age of 32.
SANA'A, Feb.17 - The forth Arab conference on the future of Arab trade liberalization negotiations under the umbrella of World Trade Organization concluded its activities on Tuesday in Sana'a.
SANA'A, Arab conference on the future of trade liberalization negotiations concluded.
Kilgore yoga classes will be offered in Parks Fitness Center, and Longview classes will be offered at Good Shepherd Medical Centers' Institute for Healthy Living on Hawkins Parkway.
Yoga classes will be offered.
Singer Olivia Newton-John says she still believes her missing boyfriend is alive.
Olivia Newton-John still believes.
Adroll, a startup that offers ad net services, has raised a first round funding, Venturebeat reported.
Adroll has raised a first round funding.
EMS Technologies, Inc., announced today that it has signed a definiti definitive agreement to acquire Satamatics Global Ltd., a global provider of Inmarsat IsatM2M services, he headq headquartered in Tewkesbury, UK.
EMS Technologies, Inc. has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Satamatics Global Ltd..
S\u0026T Bank of Indiana hired or promoted four finance professionals.
S\u0026T Bank of Indiana hired or promoted.
The death toll from landslides in Guatemala has risen to 36, Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom said on Sunday, calling this a ``national tragedy.''
The death toll from landslides in Guatemala has risen to 36.
Fashion Competition: over £500 worth of M Missoni to be won, a ribbon and corsage necklace,; webbed belt,, printed beach bag,.
Fashion Competition : over £ 500 worth of M Missoni to be won.
At the Mobile World Congress event, MasterCard introduced MasterPass, a digital service that allows consumers to use any payment card or enabled device to discover enhanced shopping experiences.
MasterCard introduced MasterPass.
India has managed to reduce the rate of HIV transmission in some states through increased awareness, resources and legislation, according to a report released Monday by India's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Reuters reports.
India has managed to reduce the rate of HIV transmission in some states.
New Mexico Auditor Hector Balderas officially announced his Senate campaign on Tuesday in a brief video that underscores his rural, northern New Mexico roots and his work as auditor in cracking down on corruption.
Hector Balderas announced his Senate campaign.
Kevin Durant dunks all over Brendan Haywood in this video during Game 2 of the Western Conference finals.
Kevin Durant dunks all over Brendan Haywood in this video.
Former Manchester United defender Zeki Fryers has signed a two-year contract with Belgian club Standard Liege.
Zeki Fryers has signed a contract with Standard Liege.
Mitch Clarke and Anton Kuivanen are set to meet at UFC 149, UFC officials announced on Friday.
Mitch Clarke and Anton Kuivanen are set to meet at UFC 149.
Mariah Carey had to wait for the screening of her new movie 'Precious' at the Cannes Film Festival.
Mariah Carey had to wait for the screening of her new movie.
Longtime ``Sesame Street'' writer Judy Freudberg, who co-created the show's ``Elmo's World'' segment and also scripted animated features ``An American Tail'' and ``The Land Before Time,'' died of a brain tumor in New York on Sunday, June 10.
Sesame Street writer Judy Freudberg died.
The panel approved 73 housing loans worth 1,275,534 rials.
The panel approved 73 housing loans.
British energy group Centrica has announced that it will increase its shareholding in Belgian power generation and supply company SPE to a 51% controlling stake.
Centrica will increase its shareholding and supply SPE to a 51% stake.
A Congolese journalist was shot dead by men in military fatigues, in front of his home in the northeastern Democratic Republic of Congo town of Beni, on Monday, according to two Congolese journalists who knew him well, APA reports.
A Congolese journalist was shot dead, in front of his home.
The Pac-12 Network, featuring the Washington universities, will go live on Wednesday, Aug. 15 at 6 pm
The Pac-12 Network will go live on Wednesday, Aug. 15.
Jason Roberts can't wait to be part of the new generation at Reading after joining the club from Blackburn Rovers for an undisclosed fee.
Jason Roberts can't wait to be part of the new generation at Reading.
HUGO, Minn. Governor Pawlenty has declared a state of emergency for Washington County after the storm that killed a toddler and flattened dozens of houses.
HUGO, Pawlenty has declared a state of emergency for Washington County.
London residents have today been revealed as one of the most unhygienic in Britain, according to a poll of 4,000 adults by Wet Ones to launch National Hand Hygiene Awareness Week.
London residents have today been revealed as one of the most unhygienic in Britain.
The recent release of political prisoners in Belarus could provide the possibility for a review of the European Union's restrictions against Minsk, the French EU presidency says in Tuesday's declaration on behalf of the bloc.
The release of political prisoners could provide the possibility for a review of the European Union's restrictions against Minsk, the EU presidency says.
Qualcomm said Thursday it has found partners to keep at least part of its fledgling Lifecomm project going.
Qualcomm has found partners to keep part of its project.
As-Safir daily reported on Monday that a Lebanese businessman named ``Al- Hajj Salah Ezzeddine'' has gone bankrupt knowing that thousands of residents in Dahiyeh, the South and the Bekaa had invested in his projects.
A Lebanese businessman has gone bankrupt.
A northern Chinese province has punished more than 300 employees caught gambling, singing karaoke or otherwise neglecting official duties during work hours.
A Chinese province has punished more than 300 employees caught gambling, singing karaoke.
Apple has stated that its iPad 2 will be available in India from the 1st week of May onwards as indicated by new reports.
IPad 2 will be available in India from the 1st week of May.
Stephen Colbert draws Bill Clinton to Twitter Bill Clinton is now on Twitter, albeit without a very presidential name.
Stephen Colbert draws to Twitter Bill Clinton is.
Bollywood's veteran actor and megastar Amitabh Bachchan will record the original version of Madhushala by his father Harivansh Rai Bachchan.
Bollywood's actor and Amitabh Bachchan will record the original version of Madhushala.
The Third Annual Guns and Hoses Charity Basketball Game June 21 at the Evangel Gym, 1111 N. Glenstone Ave., will benefit Big Brothers Big Sisters of the Ozarks.
The Third Annual Guns and Hoses Charity Basketball Game June 21 will benefit Big Brothers Big Sisters of the Ozarks.
New Delhi, Aug 21 Bollywood superstar Aamir Khan's 'Peepli Live', which will perhaps be the first non-commercial Hindi film to hit over 600 screens, has already recovered its investment by selling its satellite rights for Rs. 100 million.
Aamir Khan Peepli Live has recovered by selling its satellite rights for Rs. 100 million.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama arrived in Japan this morning and was warmly received at the Marinouchi hotel in Tokyo.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama arrived in Japan.
Two human cases of West Nile virus were reported in Glenn County on Sept. 2 and 3, health department officials said.
Two cases of West Nile virus were reported in Glenn County.
Newspapers always have been a valuable teaching tool, whether at home or in the classroom.
Newspapers have been a valuable teaching tool.
US President Barack Obama vowed on Friday to ``stand fast'' against the recent wave of violence targeting American diplomatic missions, triggered by an American film that insults Prophet Mohammed and infuriated the Muslim communities worldwide.
Barack Obama vowed to stand fast against the wave of violence targeting American missions.
PARTICK THISTLE have threatened former manager Jackie McNamara with legal action over compensation they say they are due following his move to Dundee United.
PARTICK THISTLE have threatened Jackie McNamara with legal action over compensation following his move to Dundee United.
Christina Aguilera has been announced as a judge on new singing competition show 'The Voice'.
Christina Aguilera has been announced as a judge on show The Voice.
Miikka Kiprusoff will start game four after being pulled due to his poor play in game three.
Miikka Kiprusoff will start game four.
He feels that fans are going to love his actress girlfriend Kareena Kapoor in Agent Vinod as she has come out of her comfort zone to work in the spy thriller.
Fans are going to love his girlfriend Kareena Kapoor in Agent Vinod.
The brand new Cloud 9 sky bar \u0026 lounge in Prague Florenc brings a whole new dimension to the Czech mixology scene.
The new Cloud 9 sky bar \u0026 lounge brings a dimension to the Czech mixology scene.
A homeless man who accidentally got his head stuck in a bin has been freed by a team of firefighters in Aberdeen.
A man who got his head stuck in a bin has been freed by a team of firefighters in Aberdeen.
Thailand's southbound trains resumed full service Friday after being suspended for two weeks due to large numbers of SRT staff taking sick leave and holiday time, while State Railway of Thailand management to announce disciplinary action against 18 more staff for their roles in the train stoppage.
Thailand's southbound trains resumed full service.
Blackpool manager, Ian Holloway, says he is prepared to be patient and wait for the current trialists at the club to impress him.
Ian Holloway is prepared to be patient.
Telekomunikacja Polska SA, Poland's dominant telecommunications company, Wednesday said full-year net profit fell 92% as it was hit by a legal dispute, and warned 2011 revenue would fall as the Polish telecommunications market is in decline.
Profit fell as Telekomunikacja Polska SA was hit by a legal dispute.
Actor-turned-filmmaker Pooja Bhatt, who has been busy making her films' heroines look beautiful, says she now wants to devote time to get back into shape.
Pooja Bhatt wants to devote time to get back into shape.
A new study shows that socially engaging environments full of friendships and stress can ward off obesity and help lose weight by transforming energy-storing fat into energy-burning fat.
Socially engaging environments can ward off obesity and help lose weight.
After losing three out of four in Boston, Tampa Bay looks to get back on track as it opens a three-game series in Toronto on Tuesday.
Tampa Bay looks to get back on track as it opens in Toronto.
SEOUL, South Korea - South Korea says it will chemically castrate a convicted serial child sex offender in its first use of such a punishment.
South Korea will chemically castrate a child sex offender.
Celebrity Dance Studio donated their time and talents last night at the Indian Boundary YMCA fundraiser, ``Dance Like a Star.''
Celebrity Dance Studio donated their time and talents.
A 59-year-old Bellwood man was killed Tuesday morning after a crash on Old Route 220 just north of Cold Springs Drive.
A Bellwood man was killed after a crash.
A mother-of-three 'took a chance' and drove her three children in a car without insurance and without a proper driving licence, Derry Magistrates' Court has heard.
A mother took a chance.
A ``Storage Wars'' star dies may not have been the headline fans of the hit reality TV series may have been expecting this week, but the Huffington Post reported this Tuesday, Feb. 12, that Mark Balelo of ``Storage Wars'' was found dead yesterday in a suspected suicide.
A Storage Wars star dies.
The US dollar rose to a near three-month high in mid-95 yen range on Tuesday in Tokyo.
The dollar rose in mid- 95 yen range.
NEW ORLEANS - Tidewater Inc., which transports vessels for the offshore oil drillers, said Thursday that its second-quarter vessel revenue will be less than expected because of delays getting ships that were committed for charters to Saudi Aramco.
Tidewater Inc. said its vessel revenue will be less than expected.
Mercer Raceway Park has released the 2010 schedule of events with Saturday, March 27 set as the 59th anniversary season opener with the inaugural appearance by the UFo Championship Super Late Models, United E-Mod Series, open Stock Cars, and the M\u0026D Paving Mini Stocks making up the Chiller Thriller at 7 pm Another season of heart-pounding racing excitement and quality family events make up the 2010 slate.
Mercer Raceway Park has released the 2010 schedule.
Intel said Tuesday that its net income leaped 59 per cent and sales rose 18 per cent, both topping analysts' expectations.
Intel said its net income leaped 59 per cent.
The 2010 Oscar nominations were revealed this morning via an official announcement from outside the Samuel Goldwyn Theater in Beverly Hills.
The 2010 Oscar nominations were revealed.
A man lay dead in his car on a busy Auckland road for five days before a resident raised the alarm with police.
A man lay dead in his car on a busy road for five days.
Mediacom has renewed its Ceon contract for three more years, extending the agreement to 2010.
Mediacom has renewed its Ceon contract for three more years.
But as a season and a new dawn descends on Turf Moor, new Burnley skipper Qasim Ali is relishing the new campaign.
Qasim Ali is relishing the new campaign.
Now a popular fashion designer, Karl Lagerfeld, has designed a limited edition Coca Cola Light bottle for the French market.
A designer, Karl Lagerfeld, has designed Coca Cola Light bottle.
A second camp for Syrian refugees has opened in Jordan as more Syrians flee the civil war at home.
A second camp for Syrian refugees has opened in Jordan.
A group of four people were robbed at gunpoint in Lynbrook on Friday night, Nassau County police said.
A group were robbed at gunpoint in Lynbrook.
Tony McCoy confirmed he has broken ribs after a fall at the final fence in a race at Taunton on Friday.
Tony McCoy has broken ribs after a fall at the fence in a race at Taunton.
A COLD weather alert was issued at 11am today and the temperature will plummet 8 to 10 degrees Celsius in the city within the next 48 hours, the Shanghai Meteorological Bureau said.
A COLD weather alert was issued.
Portions of McGregor Park reopened Friday afternoon, May 3rd, and visitors can now return to enjoy another of Clarksville's parks flooded by heavy rains over the course of last weekend.
Portions of McGregor Park reopened.
A woman fought off a man who tried to steal her purse and identified him later to authorities, according to an arrest affidavit.
A woman fought off a man who tried to steal her purse.
We could not say definitively that bin Laden was there, US President Barack Obama said on Sunday, and added Osama bin Laden likely had ``some sort'' of a support network inside Pakistan.
We could not say definitively bin Laden was there.
We heard last month that Asus would be releasing a bootloader unlock tool for their Transformer Prime tablet, and it looks like the tool has just been released and is now available to download.
Asus would be releasing a bootloader unlock tool for their Transformer Prime tablet.
A woman was clipped by a car's side-view mirror as she walked along Purchase Street.
A woman was clipped by a car's mirror.
A lack of easy credit combined with increased security are fuelling a rise in smaller frauds.
A lack of credit are fuelling a rise in frauds.
Milwaukee residents are heading to local parks and golf courses to take advantage of the warmer winter weather.
Residents are heading to local parks to take of the warmer winter weather.
Slums situated in different sector of Islamabad pose security threat as the activities of drug peddlers and arms dealers are on the rise in these areas.
Slums pose security threat.
Nelson Mandela left a hospital after ``successful'' medical tests and returned to his home in Johannesburg today, the spokesman for South Africa's president said.
Nelson Mandela left a hospital.
South West Trains has launched a dedicated mobile website aimed at making it easier and quicker for passengers on the move to access the latest information.
South West Trains has launched a mobile website.
A top Republican called on Democratic US Representative Anthony Weiner to resign on Tuesday, saying Congress cannot afford to be distracted by the sexually charged photos and tweets he sent to women.
A Republican called on Anthony Weiner to resign.
Pakistan faces no real prospects for sustainable economic growth, a top US intelligence official told lawmakers on Thursday, painting a grim picture of the country's economy.
Pakistan faces no real prospects for economic growth.
The Flyers hope the home ice advantage gives them a boost tonight when they host the Chicago Blackhawks in game 3 of the Stanley Cup finals.
The Flyers hope the home ice advantage gives.
More than 100 inmates broke control-room windows, overturned furniture, and started a small fire in a temporary housing block at a medium-security state prison.
More than 100 inmates broke windows and started a small fire at a prison.
Bait cars are being parked at various city park and ride lots.
Bait cars are being parked and ride.
Police are investigating a possible hate crime on First Hill that was reported early Monday.
Police are investigating a possible hate crime.
An inspector walks past an area where concrete was scheduled to be poured Wednesday afternoon for the new terminal building at Hannibal Regional Airport.
Concrete was scheduled to be poured for the new terminal building.
In this Feb. 2, 2011 file photo, a Motorola Mobility Xoom tablet is shown at Google headquarters in Mountain View, Calif. Google is buying cell phone maker Motorola Mobility Monday, Aug. 15, 2011, for $12.5 billion in cash in what is by far the company's biggest acquisition to date.
Google is buying Motorola Mobility Monday, Aug. 15, 2011.
Pakistan has accused satirical news website TheSpoof.com of Islamophobia, and yesterday attempted to block access to the site in Pakistan, which resulted in a global blackout of some areas of the internet.
Pakistan has accused website TheSpoof.com of Islamophobia.
Now comes word that he had gotten his secret girlfriend pregnant and that Terry may have even paid to have her get an abortion, according to the News of the World.
He had gotten his secret girlfriend pregnant.
Telecom major Bharti Airtel today launched 3.75G service in Zambia to provide its customers high-speed access to data on mobiles and said it will rapidly scale up infrastructure this year.
Bharti Airtel today launched 3.75G service in Zambia.
Hamilton County Fire crews managed to extinguish a brush fire in Green Township this afternoon.
Crews managed to extinguish a brush fire in Green Township.
US Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, the lone woman on the nine-member court, said on Tuesday she would undergo chemotherapy after her surgery for pancreatic cancer.
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said she would undergo chemotherapy.
The Reserve Bank has cut the repo rate by 50 basis points to 5.5%, governor Gill Marcus said on Thursday.
The Reserve Bank has cut the repo rate to 5.5%.
Taiwan share prices closed 0.42 percent lower Thursday as investors stayed on the sidelines amid continued worries over the health of the local economy.
Taiwan share prices closed 0.42 percent lower.
The luxury cruise ship Clelia II arrives in Duluth on Saturday, kicking off the Great Lakes cruise season for the Twin Ports.
The cruise ship arrives in Duluth on Saturday.
A Fargo couple is charged with child neglect after authorities say they found unsanitary and unsafe living conditions in the family's home.
A Fargo couple is charged with child neglect.
ORBITAL Sciences, one of two private US firms chosen by NASA to shuttle cargo to the International Space Station, has launched its first Antares rocket.
ORBITAL Sciences has launched its Antares rocket.
Capcom believes that hardcore gamers have all but abandoned the Wii, though Nintendo says otherwise.
Capcom believes gamers have abandoned the Wii.
Governor Bob McDonnell announced today that Intelsat, the world's leading provider of satellite services, plans to move its US headquarters from Washington, DC, to Fairfax County.
Bob McDonnell announced Intelsat plans to move its US headquarters to Fairfax County.
Redd will suit up for Bucks vs. Bulls, may play for first time in more than 14 months
Redd will suit up for Bucks vs. Bulls.
Market research firm IDC said that US digital camera sales declined even more sharply than expected in the fourth-quarter holiday season, falling 12% to 15 million units.
Digital camera sales declined, falling 12%.
Rockies hit 3 HRs off Garcia, beat Padres 10-4 Hoping for a future in San Diego, Freddy Garcia got no help from the Arizona wind.
Rockies hit 3 HRs off Garcia, beat Padres 10 4.
Lenovo plans to start selling its own video game console in November, the latest move by the company to broaden its product portfolio beyond PCs and which will put the Chinese company in direct competition with Sony, Nintendo and Microsoft.
Lenovo plans to start selling its video game console.
SYDNEY to Hobart yacht race favourite Wild Oats XI has collided with a large shark off Tasmania's east coast.
SYDNEY to Wild Oats XI has collided with a shark.
Ferguson tweeted about collapsing during an intense promotional schedule, without revealing the incident happened during a trip to Melbourne in March.
Ferguson tweeted about collapsing during an intense promotional schedule.
Israeli actress Ayelet Zurer is set to replace Julia Ormond in Man Of Steel, playing the role of Lara Lor-Van.
Ayelet Zurer is set to replace Julia Ormond in Man Of Steel.
Six private security guards were beheaded during a bank robbery in northern Afghanistan, police have said.
Six guards were beheaded during a bank robbery.
The Richmond home builder constructs new homes in five no maintenance communities where lawn care including lime treatment, fertilizing, aerating, repair to irrigation systems, mulching and trimming of the shrubs and trees is taken care of; allowing homeowners to spend their free time as they choose.
The Richmond home builder constructs new homes.
HIGH School Musical star Ashley Tisdale has denied going under the knife amid fresh claims she has had more plastic surgery.
Ashley Tisdale has denied going under the knife amid claims she has had plastic surgery.
In a rare piece of good news for the UK economy, Jaguar Land Rover announced it would create more than 1,000 jobs at its plant in Solihull in the West Midlands.
Jaguar Land Rover would create more than 1,000 jobs at its plant in Solihull.
President Barack Obama believes China is manipulating its currency and plans aggressive diplomacy on the trade front, Treasury secretary-designate Timothy Geithner said.
Barack Obama believes China is manipulating its currency.
The Arizona Diamondbacks crushed the Los Angeles Dodgers 7-1 in the fourth and final game of their four-match regular series encounter on Sunday, July 8 at Chase Field, Phoenix.
The Arizona Diamondbacks crushed the Los Angeles Dodgers 7 1.
Brisbane star Sam Thaiday is facing a two week suspension going into the NRL finals for his lifting tackle.
Sam Thaiday is facing a two week suspension.
Saudi Arabia warned other countries of a new terror threat by an al-Qaida offshoot based in neighbouring Yemen, the Interior Ministry said Tuesday.
Saudi Arabia warned other countries of a terror threat by an al-Qaida offshoot based in neighbouring Yemen.
A recent industrial tribunal has ruled that business partners over 65 can be forced to retire.
Partners over 65 can be forced to retire.
FTRANS, an Atlanta-based provider of accounts receivable and credit management solutions, has raised $4 million in new VC funding.
FTRANS has raised $ 4 million.
About 25 people were detained Sunday morning when officers disrupted a cockfight on a ranch south of Fresno.
Officers disrupted a cockfight on a ranch south of Fresno.
Pune, May 12 The two suspected swine flu patients here have tested negative for the H1N1 virus, official sources at the Government Sassoon Hospital said today.
Pune, May 12 The two suspected swine flu patients have tested negative for the H1N1 virus.
Massachusetts Sen. Edward Kennedy, one of the country's leading Democrats, was rushed to the hospital following a seizure.
Sen. Edward Kennedy was rushed to the hospital.
Thursday, singer, dancer and actress Eartha Kitt died at age 81 of colon cancer, a condition for which she had recently received treatment at Columbia Presbyterian Hospital in New York , according to friend and publicist Andrew Freedman.
Singer, and actress Eartha Kitt died at age 81.
Glamorgan have signed Australia pace bowler Shaun Tait as their second overseas player for next season's domestic Twenty20 Cup.
Glamorgan have signed Shaun Tait.
The victim of the fatal motorcycle accident has been identified as 32 year old Norman Harley Davis, of Rincon, according to Effingham County Coroner David Exley.
The victim of the fatal motorcycle accident has been identified.
Air Products and Chemicals said Monday it has boosted its offer to buy rival Airgas to $65.50 per share, but said it will walk away if Airgas shareholders don't elect its board slate and approve its bylaw proposals.
Air Products and Chemicals has boosted its offer to buy Airgas.
Quentin Tarantino has spent almost a decade writing his latest passion project, the ultraviolent WWII drama ``Inglorious Bastards.''
Quentin Tarantino has spent a decade writing his project, the WWII drama.
Russia formally recognized the breakaway Georgian territories at the heart of its war with Georgia on Tuesday, drawing immediate condemnation from the West as the United States dispatched a military ship bearing aid to a port city still patrolled by Russian troops.
Russia recognized the breakaway Georgian territories.
In a recent conversation with SI.com's Peter King, Fitzgerald told King that he wants the Cardinals to draft Floyd with the number 13th overall pick in Thursday's 2012 NFL Draft.
Fitzgerald wants the Cardinals to draft Floyd.
An American man has earned himself a Guinness World Record after he built the world's largest ever house of cards.
An man has earned a Guinness World Record after he built the world's largest house of cards.
Actor Dominic Cooper will reportedly star as John Gotti Jr. in forthcoming Mafia movie ``Gotti:
Dominic Cooper will star as John Gotti Jr..
Moscow - Russia set a new minimum price for all vodka sold in the country, in a bid to curb alcoholism and the production and sale of bootleg vodka, both widespread in Russia.
Russia set a minimum price for all vodka.
A defense contractor pleaded guilty on Wednesday for plotting to steal competitive information about contracts to provide fuel to the Defense Department aircraft worldwide, the Justice Department said.
A defense contractor pleaded guilty.
WHAT A HELL IS GOING ON IN GHANA? disorder everywhere by Samuel Donkor Since the ousted of he first Republic, Ghana has never experienced any serious accelerated socio-economic development up to this day.
A HELL IS GOING ON IN GHANA? disorder.
Prologis, a leading industrial real estate investment trust, has recently divested a significant chunk of its portfolio in Korea for net proceeds of $65.6 million.
Prologis has divested in Korea.
APPLE says iPad sales have topped two million since its launch almost two months ago.
APPLE says iPad sales have topped two million.
General Motors Corp., rushing to emerge from bankruptcy, said it plans to build a future small- car model at its Orion Township, Michigan, plant, saving 1,400 jobs.
General Motors Corp. said it plans to build a small car model at its, Michigan, plant.
Billionaire Warren Buffett will conduct several television interviews Monday morning to follow up on another successful weekend of Berkshire Hathaway shareholder events.
Warren Buffett will conduct interviews Monday morning.
The annual Amarnath yatra began today amid tight security as the first batch of 2,096 devotees left Jammu base camp for pilgrimage to the 13,500 meter-high cave shrine in South Kashmir Himalayas.
The Amarnath yatra began today.
AirTran says it will boost Milwaukee flights 40 percent beginning in May, adding new flights to Branson, MO;
AirTran will boost Milwaukee flights 40 percent.
An offshore natural gas platform sank off Venezuela, and 95 workers were rescued safely, the government said.
An offshore natural gas platform sank off Venezuela.
Standard Life has launched a new discretionary trust to enhance its suite of estate planning solutions.
Standard Life has launched a new discretionary trust.
One Student has been shot dead and several others sustained injuries in a school strike.
One Student has been shot dead in a school strike.
Two Cass County businesses that began in garages outlined their growth at the annual meeting of the Cass County Economic Development Corp.
Two Cass County businesses outlined their growth.
Hundreds of people showed up for a protest rally on the steps of the Jefferson County Courthouse Saturday, despite the snow and freezing temperatures, to voice their concerns over a local rape trial.
Hundreds showed up for a protest rally.
Amy Smart and Carter Oosterhouse, an HGTV star, are engaged after dating for less than a year.
Amy Smart and Carter Oosterhouse are engaged.
Dec. 3, 2008, 12:30 am - President-elect Barack Obama said that he doesn't want to see America's enthusiasm for change to ``dissipate.''
Barack Obama doesn't want to see America's enthusiasm for change to dissipate.
Results from a 10-year study show that bisexuality in women is not a transitional phase enroute to lesbianism, but rather a distinct and long-term sexual orientation.
Bisexuality is not, but rather a distinct term sexual orientation.
Eisenmann AG has acquired carbonisation specialist Ruhstrat GmbH, headquartered in Bovenden-Lenglern, Germany.
Eisenmann AG has acquired carbonisation specialist Ruhstrat GmbH.
Even with the presence of a bitter cold driving rain, the Olympic Flame burned brightly as it arrived in Miramichi yesterday.
The Olympic Flame burned brightly as it arrived in Miramichi.
A woman tramper who fell two metres and injured her hip and her face has been airlifted from the Tararua Ranges.
A tramper has been airlifted from the Tararua Ranges.
Steven Spielberg says he was dying to make a Bond movie By http://www.bollywoodlife.com When two giants of the screen sit and talk, the conversation can be anything but mundane and regular.
Steven Spielberg says he was dying to make a Bond movie.
Mayors and councillors of demerged cities are forming an ad hoc legal committee on the island-wide agglomeration council to look at the recent Montreal budget and other issues, The Suburban has learned.
Mayors are forming an legal committee.
Penrice directors survive spill vote Updated: 14:01, Friday January 25, 2013 The directors of chemicals maker Penrice Soda have survived a two strikes board spill vote with strong support for them to remain.
Penrice directors survive spill vote Updated.
Police say an employee who was shot inside the Trump Taj Mahal Casino Resort has died.
An employee who was shot inside the Trump Taj Mahal Casino Resort has died.
Edinburgh lad Sir Chris Hoy announced his retirement at the age of 37 from cycling last week in a move which sees him out of the Glasgow 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Lad Chris Hoy announced his retirement.
Authorities think a man who robbed a Sherman bank Tuesday also robbed a Decatur bank Monday.
Who robbed a Sherman bank.
The Edmonton Oilers will honor Glenn Anderson with a jersey retirement ceremony slated at Rexall Place next year.
The Edmonton Oilers will honor Glenn Anderson.
Enterprise cloud computing company Salesforce is set to acquire Buddy Media, the makers fo social enterprise software.
Salesforce is set to acquire Buddy Media.
The century-old US camera pioneer Eastman Kodak, which brought photography to the masses, filed for bankruptcy early Thursday after years of failing to keep pace with the digital age.
The US camera pioneer Eastman Kodak filed for bankruptcy.
``You realize God is good,'' he said.
God is good.
Two members of a family, including a one-and-a-half-year-old girl, were killed in an accident in Dighi on Tuesday morning.
Two members of a family were killed in an accident.
The government has announced new funding for school sport and PE worth £150m a year for the next two years.
The government has announced new funding for school sport.
Notorious killer Charles Manson, 77, was denied parole Wednesday after a California parole panel ``could find nothing good as far as suitability'' for his being parole, a commissioner said.
Charles Manson was denied parole.
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has asked an Ohio museum to return his Austrian army tank because he was concerned about the upkeep and wants to offer rides to schoolchildren.
Arnold Schwarzenegger has asked an museum to return his tank.
The Jackson County school board has set a tentative millage rate and discussed a proposed budget for the 2009-2010 fiscal year.
The school board has set a tentative millage rate.
Barratt Developments PLC has announced a massive 113.4 percent rise in pre-tax profits for the final six months of 2012.
Barratt Developments PLC has announced a massive rise in pre-tax profits.
There are potentially thousands of people at risk of radicalisation in the UK, home secretary Theresa May has warned in light of the horrific Woolwich attack.
There are thousands at risk of radicalisation in the UK, Theresa May has warned in light of the Woolwich attack.
The process of CPR is undergoing major revisions in the recommended procedure for administering the life saving assistance.
The process of CPR is undergoing revisions.
FREMONT, Calif. Fremont fire department officials opened a new, state-of-the-art tactical training center Monday that's expected to have a 75-year lifespan.
FREMONT, fire department officials opened a new, tactical training center.
The PPP observed a black day in Badin on Saturday to mark the ouster of former premier ZA Bhutto by Gen Zia on July 5, 1977.
The PPP observed a black day.
Prime Minister Syed Yusuf Raza Gilani Saturday said Pakistan seeks a peaceful resolution of all issues with India, including the longstanding issue of Jammu and Kashmir.
Pakistan seeks a peaceful resolution of all issues with India.
even as their unions join forces with municipalities to tackle problems in local government, municipal unions emphasised yesterday.
Their unions join forces with municipalities.
A nurse has been jailed for three years for killing her baby by force-feeding her in the first case of its kind in Britain.
A nurse has been jailed for killing her baby.
LOS ANGELES -Captain Lou Albano, who became one of the most recognized professional wrestlers of the 1980s after appearing in Cyndi Lauper's ``Girls Just Want to Have Fun'' music video, died Wednesday.
Captain Lou Albano, Want to Have, died.
Nationals slugger Adam Dunn hit his 300th career home run Saturday, ending Braves rookie Tommy Hanson's consecutive scoreless innings streak at 26 with the milestone blast.
Nationals slugger Adam Dunn hit his 300th career home run.
On Wednesday July 22nd, Rachael and her husband, John Cusimano, lead singer of the band The Cringe, visited VINS to film a segment for Rachael's popular television show, Rachael's Vacations.
Rachael and her husband, John Cusimano visited VINS.
JDleader PK Shahi, whose massive defeat in Maharajganj bypoll has put Chief Minister Nitish Kumar in a tight spot and emboldened RJD chief Lalu Prasad to ask him to quit, on Monday said even a campaign by Narendra Modi could not have done much for him.
Even a campaign by Narendra Modi could not have done much.
Stanley Works agreed to buy Black \u0026 Decker Corp. for $4.5 billion in stock, in a deal that will enable the companies-- household names in the US tools industry--to cut costs and exert more influence on pricing.
Stanley Works agreed to buy Black \u0026 Decker Corp. for $ 4.5 billion in stock.
Canadian businesses are unclear when it comes to cloud computing reveals a Microsoft Canada survey released today.
Canadian businesses are unclear when it comes to cloud computing.
Damascus city officials declared a state of emergency for the city south of Gresham in a unanimous vote Wednesday, Dec. 24.
Damascus officials declared a state of emergency.
Merchant bankers Sunday hailed the monetary policy, unveiled last week, as the central bank has not considered ``investment in capital market'' as ``risky or unproductive''.
Merchant bankers hailed the monetary policy.
Eva Longoria admits she admires Angelina Jolie for the work she does as a UN Special Envoy and the charitable acts she carries out.
Eva Longoria admires Angelina Jolie.
An Oklahoma City man is facing 10 counts of child sexual abuse for the alleged rape of a young girl over the past three years.
An Oklahoma City man is facing 10 counts of child sexual abuse.
The iconic Wales Millennium Centre attracted more than one million visitors last year and remains the top visitor attraction in Wales for the 5th year running, attracting people from every walk of life on their UK short break in Wales.
The Wales Millennium Centre attracted and remains the top visitor attraction.
Ranbir Kapoor was recently mobbed inside a suburban multiplex where he was spotted with director Imtiaz Ali for a test screening of the trailer of Rockstar.
Ranbir Kapoor was mobbed inside a suburban multiplex.
As the mercury rises, heat wave is sweeping across various north Indian states paralyzing normal life.
Heat wave is sweeping across Indian states.
Actor Ben Affleck says he is enjoying a quieter life after winning an Oscar.
Ben Affleck is enjoying a quieter life after winning an Oscar.
The European Commission has made a decision to selectively test meat products for horsemeat content during one month.
The European Commission has made a decision to selectively test meat products for horsemeat content.
― A substitute driver and a bus monitor face felony child neglect charges after a 5-year-old boy was left on a Richmond school bus for about an hour.
A driver charges after a boy was left on a Richmond school bus.
The Hamilton County Police Department confirms a school bus was involved in an accident Monday morning.
A school bus was involved in an accident.
The growing shortage of farmland and water resources may prevent China from achieving its ambitious grain output targets in the next decade, warned both officials and experts.
The growing shortage of farmland and water resources may prevent China.
Jared Lee Loughner appeared in federal court Wednesday, where he plead not guilty to 49 charges related to the Tucson shooting shooting spree that killed six and injured 12 in January.
Jared Lee Loughner plead not guilty.
BONDS lost up to 18 basis points on Friday as investors shied away from riskier assets in the wake of global economic jitters.
BONDS lost up to 18 basis points.
Etihad Airways, considered the World's Leading Airline by the prestigious World Travel Awards, has opened a new sales kiosk in the Muscat City Centre for the Holy month of Ramadan.
Etihad Airways has opened a kiosk in the Muscat City Centre.
Terror legislation was used to stop a British climate change activist from travelling to Denmark, it has emerged.
Terror legislation was used to stop a climate change activist.
Gov. John Hoeven of North Dakota will announce today a new youth office to head the umbrella of youth programs.
John Hoeven will announce a new youth office.
Dontrelle Willis, who has yet to win a game for the Tigers and who has been on the disabled list since March 29 with an anxiety disorder, will start for Detroit in next Wednesday's game against the Minnesota Twins at the Metrodome.
Dontrelle Willis will start for Detroit in next Wednesday's game.
American Idol alum and BNA Records artist Kellie Pickler will sing the national anthem before tomorrow night's Southeastern Conference opener between Vanderbilt and the South Carolina Gamecocks.
American Idol alum and artist Kellie Pickler will sing the national anthem.
2013-05-22T20:10:09Z 2013-05-22T22:14:35Z Who else took the 5th?
Who else took the 5th.
Unsung heroes from environmental campaigners to charity fundraisers have been honoured in an awards scheme in Bath.
Unsung heroes have been honoured.
Mastodon are working on a new studio album according to a recent post by the band.
Mastodon are working on a new album.
The Philadelphia Phillies defeated by the Pittsburgh Pirates 4-5 in the fourth and final game of their four-game regular series encounter on Thursday, June 28 at Citizens Bank Park in 2012 Major League Baseball season.
The Philadelphia Phillies defeated by the Pittsburgh Pirates 4 - 5.
A JOHANNESBURG high court prosecutor has asked that serial rape and murder accused Jack Mogale be found guilty on all charges against him.
Rape accused Jack Mogale be found guilty.
A volunteer firefighter in central Iowa has been accused of setting multiple fires.
A firefighter has been accused of setting fires.
The wife of a Pakistani shot dead by a US official committed suicide after taking poisonous pills on Sunday, fearing the American would be released without trial, police and doctors said on Monday.
The wife of a Pakistani shot dead by a US official committed suicide.
Hospital equipment worth millions of rands is awaiting repairs at the Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital``s warehouse, the Democratic Alliance said on Tuesday.
Hospital equipment is awaiting repairs.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. At Molina Medical Group clinics here, a vending machine rather than a pharmacist dispenses prescription drugs.
SACRAMENTO a vending machine dispenses drugs.
ANDY MURRAY accused Carlos Berlocq of gamesmanship after becoming frustrated by the Argentinian's grunting during their fourth round clash at the BNP Paribas Open.
ANDY MURRAY accused Carlos Berlocq of gamesmanship.
Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson could be fined by the Premier League after continuing his boycott of the BBC in contravention of a new rule.
Alex Ferguson could be fined.
The news that Mein Kampf would be returning to German bookshelves was met with mixed reactions from Jewish groups.
Mein Kampf would be returning to bookshelves.
WARREN â€`` Stoneridge Inc. has completed its cash tender offer for its outstanding 11Â½% senior notes due 2012 and has accepted for purchase all of the $154,000 aggregate principal amount of the notes tendered by Oct. 4, the early acceptance date.
Stoneridge Inc. has completed its cash tender offer.
AirTran Airways will furlough 169 pilots as it moves to cut costs and reduce flight schedules to make up for high fuel prices.
AirTran Airways will furlough 169 pilots.
A woman is under arrest after a man was stabbed in the Grangetown area of Cardiff, say police.
A woman is under arrest after a man was stabbed.
Retail trade sales rose by 6.8% year-on-year in March, Statistics South Africa said on Wednesday.
Retail trade sales rose by 6.8% year-on-year in March.
Veteran actor-producer Sujit Kumar, who worked in innumerable Hindi films passed away this morning, at the age of 75.
Actor-producer Sujit Kumar, passed away.
US Asks Pakistan to do More in Terror War, The Obama administration is stepping up pressure on Pakistan to expand and reorient its fight against the Taliban and Al Qaeda, warning that failing to do so would undercut the new strategy and troop increase for Afghanistan that President Obama is preparing to approve.
US Asks Pakistan to do More in Terror War.
Gray wolves in the Northern Rockies will be removed from the endangered species list, following a 13-year restoration effort that helped the animal's population soar, federal officials said Thursday.
Wolves will be removed from the species list.
A Turkish school has won 14 medals at a science olympiad in the United States.
A Turkish school has won 14 medals at a science olympiad.
Fruits and vegetables prices have soared in Haryana with monsoon continuing playing truant after hitting north India ten days ago.
Fruits and vegetables prices have soared with monsoon continuing playing truant.
``First, and most important, our strategy makes no sense. We are supporting a criminal state in Kabul that is likely involved with the insurgency itself. There is almost nothing to distinguish the Taliban from the Karzai mafias, whose tentacles reach down to the most obscure rural districts.''
We are supporting a criminal state in Kabul.
Natalia Vorobieva of Russia won the Olympic wrestling gold in the women's 72-kg freestyle, pinning Bulgaria veteran Stanka Zlateva Hristova in the second period.
Natalia Vorobieva of Russia won the Olympic wrestling gold.
A cargo ship with 24 Chinese crew aboard sank off the waters of the Philippines' Batanes province on Friday afternoon, the Philippine National Police said Saturday.
A cargo ship with 24 Chinese crew sank.
Firefighters had to pull a man from a car after one of two crashes overnight.
Firefighters had to pull a man from a car.
``India should not act under US pressure. The slain LTTE chief himself used hundreds of kids as shields in his fight in Sri Lanka and the US is killing civilians in drone attacks in Pakistan,'' Swamy told reporters.
India should not act under US pressure, Swamy told.
Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon called for 863 more state job cuts and $300 million in new spending reductions in his proposed $23 billion fiscal 2012 budget released Wednesday.
Jay Nixon called for 863 more state job cuts.
A warship rescued a British family yesterday after their yacht hit an iceberg off the Falklands.
A warship rescued a British family after their yacht hit an iceberg.
The Steelers have fired special teams coordinator Bob Ligashesky following a season in which breakdowns on the kickoff coverage team contributed to the defending Super Bowl champions missing the playoffs.
The Steelers have fired special teams coordinator Bob Ligashesky.
A London shop has accused Peaches Geldof of stealing a dress, according to reports.
A shop has accused Peaches Geldof of stealing.
iSkin has rolled out several new cases for the iPhone 4 and fourth-generation iPod touch.
ISkin has rolled out new cases for the iPhone 4 and iPod touch.
Manchester United tied visiting Aston Villa 1-1 Saturday to move within a point of Arsenal at the top of the Premier League.
Manchester United tied to move within a point of Arsenal at the top of the Premier League.
PASADENA, Calif. Avatar director James Cameron is helping to build a high-resolution 3-D camera on the next-generation Mars rover.
James Cameron is helping to build a 3-D camera on the Mars rover.
Shares of EnerSys booked a new 52 week high today by trading above $38.44, traders are definitely monitoring EnerSys' price action to see if this move attracts further buying into the stock.
Shares of EnerSys booked a new high.
Marlborough-based Evergreen Solar Inc. faces delisting from the Nasdaq Capital Market in six months if the company cannot increase its share price and market value, according to a disclosure filed today with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Evergreen Solar Inc. faces delisting.
Former South African President Nelson Mandela was released from the hospital today after receiving treatment for a recurring lung infection and pneumonia.
Nelson Mandela was released from the hospital.
So Alex Anthopoulos talked to the mainstream media yesterday.
Alex Anthopoulos talked to the media.
Syrian security forces killed at least 39 people in the last two days, an activist said, as regional and international pressure mounted on President Bashar al-Assad to halt a crackdown on anti-government protesters.
Syrian security forces killed at least 39 people in the last two days, an activist said.
A senior civil administration official in the Sri Lankan government has been arrested for alleged links with the defeated Tamil Tiger rebels, police said.
A senior official has been arrested for links with the rebels.
Gov. Felix Camacho and other island governors sent a joint letter urging Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to support quality health care for citizens in the US territories.
Felix Camacho sent a joint letter urging Harry Reid to support health care in the US territories.
Cheryl Cole has announced that she has a crush on egg-head spastic Stephen Hawking and wants to marry him, much to the surprise of the mongoloid Hawking who in his now trade mark punchline of speaking in a robotic voice ``I have know idea who she is!''
Cheryl Cole has and wants to marry Stephen Hawking.
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder is calling on elected officials around the state to focus on respect and civility in public discourse.
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder is calling to focus on respect and civility.
A predawn fire Friday destroyed a Civil War-theme wooden chapel in Gettysburg that had been ordered closed last month because it wasn't built with proper permits.
A fire destroyed a chapel in Gettysburg.
North Korea said Friday it has no choice but to ``fully reconsider the nuclear issue'' after strongly condemning South Korea and the United States for attempting to destroy statues of its founding leader Kim Il-sung.
North Korea said it has no choice but to fully reconsider the nuclear issue.
Everton piled the pressure on Liverpool by grinding out a 1-0 win over Reading that tightens the Toffees grip on fourth place in the Premier League.
Everton piled by grinding out a win over Reading.
Gold steadied on Monday after rising nearly 2 percent in the previous session to above $1,400 an ounce, with a struggling US dollar that pushed silver to its highest since early 1980 likely to spur more buying from investors.
Gold steadied after rising nearly 2 percent, with a dollar.
Democrats pushed an assault weapons ban through a Senate committee on Thursday and toward its likely doom on the Senate floor, after an emotion-laden debate that underscored the deep feelings the issue stokes on both sides.
Democrats pushed an assault weapons ban.
A stern anti-encroachment drive has been launched in Chiniot which the people termed as the first constructive step of Shahbaz Government in the city.
A anti-encroachment drive has been launched.
Air Cadets of Chester 610 squadron are holding a radio weekend with the help of the Chester and District Amateur Radio Society who are setting up VHF, UHF and HF stations on 19 and 20 March.
Air Cadets are holding a radio weekend.
The AFL and Southern Cross Austereo are pleased to announce live music will return AFL matches in 2012.
Live music will return AFL matches in 2012.
Lady GaGa's ongoing obsession with tea and its cups has gone just that bit further today, as it is reported that she is to become the face of Twinings.
She is to become the face.
In a shocking incident, a woman was allegedly gang raped in South Delhi.
A woman was allegedly gang raped in South Delhi.
The bankruptcy law firm of Legal Helpers/Macey \u0026 Aleman is relocating their Stockton, California, office to better serve clients in that area.
The firm of Legal Helpers / Macey \u0026 Aleman is relocating their Stockton, California, office.
AmerisourceBergen is currently trading higher by 3.08%, so definitely the buyers stepping in, as the stock's volume is on pace to break its average.
AmerisourceBergen is trading, the buyers stepping.
Real Madrid are negotiating with Bayern Munich midfielder Hamit Altintop according to the club's chief executive Karl-Heinz Rummenigge.
Real Madrid are negotiating with Hamit Altintop.
Big name brands are signing up with photo-sharing mobile app Instagram to help market their products or disseminate news, reports TechCrunch.
Brands are signing up with app Instagram.
TRIBUTES have been paid to a ``larger than life'' former councillor who sadly passed away following a period of illness.
TRIBUTES have been paid to a larger than life former councillor.
I'm sure you remember Chynna Phillips, she is a former ``Wilson Phillips'' singer.
Chynna Phillips is a Wilson Phillips singer.
Six people were killed and three injured in a water dispute between the Wazir and Bangash tribes in Tall tehsil of Hangu district on Tuesday.
Six people were killed in a water dispute.
Chief accused for the last year 26/11 Mumbai attack Hafiz Saeed is to be arrested by the Pakistani police on charges of raising funds for the banned Islamist group he heads, a senior officer said on Friday.
Hafiz Saeed is to be arrested by the Pakistani police.
An early Sunday morning traffic stop by a White County sheriff's deputy led to the arrest of an Enfield man on preliminary charges of driving while under the influence of alcohol and unlawful possession of cannabis.
An stop led to the arrest.
Toronto Raptors team president Bryan Colangelo stepped down from his position Wednesday and will become a consultant, the team announced.
Toronto Raptors team president Bryan Colangelo stepped and will become a consultant.
Germany has agreed to sell two submarines to Egypt, Egyptian newspaper Al-Ahram reported August 31.
Germany has agreed to sell two submarines to Egypt.
Since 1998, Broadway actors and actresses have come together to host Broadway Barks, a star-studded adoption event that brings together animal shelters and rescue groups to find homes for homeless cats and dogs.
Broadway Barks brings to find homes for cats and dogs.
LONDON -American forward Eddie Johnson has been loaned from Fulham to the Greek club Aris through June.
American forward Eddie Johnson has been loaned to the Greek club.
Fourth-ranked Andy Murray has pulled out of the Barcelona Open because of an elbow injury.
Andy Murray has pulled out of the Barcelona Open.
Jonathan Trott and Andrew Strauss frustrated the bangladesh bowlers with their patient batting.
Jonathan Trott and Andrew Strauss frustrated the bangladesh bowlers.
US Representative Howard Coble announced Friday that he will seek reelection for a 14th term.
Howard Coble announced he will seek reelection.
A spice sold at Target stores, including those in Rockland County, has been voluntarily recalled because of elevated lead levels, according to the Rockland County Health Department.
A spice sold at Target stores has been recalled because of lead levels.
An avalanche engulfed a Pakistani army battalion headquarters near the Indian border on Saturday, burying 124 soldiers and 11 civilians, with no sign of survivors 17 hours later, the military said.
An avalanche engulfed, burying 124 soldiers and 11 civilians.
Celtics guard Avery Bradley is unlikely to play in Game 6 of the Celtics-76ers series tonight in Philadelphia.
Avery Bradley is unlikely to play in Game 6.
India successfully tested a supersonic cruise missile on Tuesday in a remote desert close to the Pakistan border, officials said, amid continuing tensions with its nuclear-armed rival over the November attacks in Mumbai.
India tested a cruise missile.
On his Twitter account, Armstrong wrote, ``Cycling fans - got word early today that we can race the Tour of the Gila. Great news. Flying to Silver City, NM tonight.''
Armstrong wrote - got we can race the Tour of the Gila.
The Chindwin River has touched its fourth highest point in 40 years and is flowing above the danger level in Mawlaik, Monywa and Kalewa towns, but the water level in other cities has dropped below the danger mark.
The Chindwin River has touched its fourth highest point in 40 years.
German luxury carmaker BMW said on Monday it was recalling some 1.3 million cars worldwide -- all of its BMW 5 and 6 Series -- due to battery problems that could in extreme cases result in a fire.
BMW was recalling some 1.3 million cars worldwide.
The Sharjah-based Arabic daily newspaper, Al Khaleej, continues to be on top of the most-read newspapers in the UAE with 39.9 per cent, according to a report of the 4th edition of the Arab Media Outlook 2011-2015.
The newspaper, Al Khaleej, continues to be on top.
Fire crackers are exploding as the EDL turn their backs on Tommy and clash with police.
Fire crackers are exploding.
That's not some weird SEO-warlock style trickery, she really did do Justin Bieber.
She did do Justin Bieber.
Palisades nuclear plant near South Haven was removed from service this morning after a ``minor leak'' of cooling water was discovered in the containment building, according to a notification issued by the plant.
Palisades nuclear plant was removed from service after a minor leak of cooling water was discovered.
A Calgary swim coach is facing sex assault allegations in Nova Scotia dating from his time in that province.
A Calgary swim coach is facing sex assault allegations.
Today's savings account rate deal of the day comes from Coast360 Credit Union, where members enjoy an outstanding .75% APY on basic share savings accounts.
Today's savings account rate deal of the day comes.
The Lakers plan to unveil a statue of Hall of Fame center Kareem Abdul-Jabbar outside Staples Center during the 2012-13 season, The Times has learned.
The Lakers plan to unveil a statue of Hall of Kareem Abdul-Jabbar during the season.
Ollie's Bargain Outlet announced it will celebrate the grand opening of its store near The Home Depot in Westover.
Ollie's Bargain Outlet will celebrate the opening.
Sharjah-based Kalimat Publishing House, the award-winning publisher of high quality Arabic children's books will be releasing 17 new titles - predominantly by Emirati authors - at the 2010 Sharjah International Book Fair, increasing the number of titles on offer from the publishing house by nearly 30% to a total of 75.
Kalimat Publishing House, will be releasing 17 new titles - at the 2010 Sharjah International Book Fair.
Chilo - A historic gas pump recently was restored by two local enthusiasts and placed in the Chilo Lock #34 Visitor Center and Museum.
Historic gas pump was restored.
Reality star Shayne Lamas has married a man in Las Vegas after meeting him the day before.
Shayne Lamas has married a man in Las Vegas.
Illinois US Rep. Aaron Schock is the subject of an congressional ethics probe in connection with a donation he requested a powerful Houser Republican make to a super PAC during this year's primary.
Rep. Aaron Schock is the subject of an ethics probe.
AFP/FILE Former President and current All Pakistan Muslim League chief General Pervez Musharraf has said that the United States is using Pakistan as a scapegoat for its failure in Afghanistan.
The United States is using Pakistan as a scapegoat for its failure in Afghanistan.
Hird under huge pressure to step aside Updated: 18:37, Friday April 12, 2013 Pressure is building on James Hird from the very top of the AFL to stand down pending the supplements investigation into Essendon.
Hird under huge pressure to step aside Updated.
Singer Sean Kingston and a female passenger were injured in a Jet Ski accident and taken to a trauma center Sunday evening, a Florida official said.
Singer Sean Kingston were injured in a Jet Ski accident.
The Kosovan parliament passed a declaration of independence at an extraordinary session on Sunday.
The Kosovan parliament passed a declaration of independence.
KINGSPORT, Tenn. - Eastman Chemical Co. has acquired a specialty polymers manufacturing plant in China.
Eastman Chemical Co. has acquired a plant in China.
Asia fuel oil rose for the ninth week, the longest gaining streak since May 2004, as demand for power-generation fuels increased in Japan following the March 11 earthquake.
Asia fuel oil rose for the ninth week.
Haile Gebrselassie has won the Dubai Marathon, but fell short of breaking his own world record on the flat and fast course on Friday.
Haile Gebrselassie has won the Dubai Marathon.
Indian troops killed two suspected militants in occupied Kashmir as they thwarted the militants' attempt to attack a convoy of Hindu pilgrims visiting the state, police said Monday.
Indian troops killed two militants.
A magnitude-4.7 earthquake he rattled the quake-weary New Zealand city of Christchurch.
A earthquake he rattled the New Zealand city.
Queensland Reds and Qantas Wallabies flyhalf Quade Cooper has committed to the Reds for the next two years.
Quade Cooper has committed to the Reds.
TheClymb.com, the first ever private retail community dedicated to the outdoor lifestyle, today announced it's ``Win Gear for a Year'' challenge in search of the most enthusiastic outdoor participants across the United States.
TheClymb.com today announced it's Win Gear for a Year challenge.
Nordstrom lowered its outlook this morning as the Seattle-based retailer reported a 9.6 percent decline in sales at stores open at least a year for a five-week period ending Saturday.
Nordstrom lowered its outlook.
Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. resigned from Congress on Wednesday, acknowledging an ongoing federal investigation and vowing to ``accept responsibility for my mistakes.''
Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. resigned from Congress.
Didier Drogba's second-half free-kick ensured Premier League champions Chelsea completed a domestic double for the first time in the club's history by beating Portsmouth 1-0 in the FA Cup final yesterday.
Chelsea completed a double.
The US Navy has come to the rescue of distressed Iranian fishermen for the third time this month at a time of increasing tension between the two countries.
The US Navy has come to the rescue of Iranian fishermen for the third time this month.
The singer's family says Wells died at her home Monday after complications from a stroke.
Wells died.
Ann Romney, wife of Republican nominee hopeful Mitt Romney, visited Smokejack BBQ in downtown Alpharetta for a meet and greet March 1.
Ann Romney visited in Alpharetta.
Chattanooga Police continue to investigate an early morning shooting that left one man in serious condition.
Chattanooga Police continue to investigate an early morning shooting.
PC and video games retailer Game Group said sales declines slowed in its latest trading period and named Vodafone executive Ian Shepherd as its new chief executive.
Game Group said sales declines slowed.
A Southwest Minneapolis woman has been charged with illegally possessing Adderall tablets and lying to police about her identity when she was arrested.
A woman has been charged with illegally possessing Adderall tablets.
(Standard and Poor's )announced that Red Hat would join the S\u0026P 500 as of the close of trading on Friday.
Red Hat would join the S\u0026P 500.
Orange-arugula crab salad bites are seen Oct. 31, 2010 in Concord, NH Purchased phyllo cups help make these impressive crab salad bites an easy to make hors d'oeuvre for your next holiday party.
These crab salad bites.
ACUSHNET ― An Acushnet woman is accused of stealing Halloween decorations from a home on Westland Street, police said.
Woman is accused of stealing Halloween decorations.
A water line break caused a mess on a Pittsburgh road and left several customers without service Friday morning.
A water line break caused.
Nip/Tuck actor Dylan Walsh has just filed for divorce from his second wife, Joanna Going.
Dylan Walsh has filed for divorce from his wife, Joanna Going.
In its silver jubilee year, Bajrang Dal has decided to induct 25 lakh youth throughout the country.
Bajrang Dal has decided to induct 25 lakh youth.
Four people are facing various charges following heroin raids in Gardiner and on Interstate 95.
Four people are facing charges following heroin raids.
Former Sen. George Mitchell says Roger Clemens may call him to testify at his upcoming trial on charges he lied about drug use.
George Mitchell says Roger Clemens may call him to testify.
George Jepsen, the former Senate majority leader and Democratic state chairman, is endorsing Hillary Clinton for president today.
George Jepsen is endorsing Hillary Clinton.
Police are seeking witnesses following a fatal road traffic collision in the Taunton area yesterday.
Police are seeking witnesses following a fatal road traffic collision.
HSBC Holdings was upgraded to neutral from underperform at Macquarie, which said it sees scope for a short-term upward move in the stock following the completion of the bank's 12.5 billion pound rights issue.
HSBC Holdings was upgraded to neutral at Macquarie.
Arlen Specter has announced that he is switching parties, and running for re-election in 2010 in the Democratic primary.
Arlen Specter is switching parties.
Beyonce and Jay Z are set to wed after getting a marriage licence, it has been claimed today.
Beyonce are set to wed after getting a marriage licence.
The Department of Transportation issued a ban on tractor trailers until 10 am Thursday and Amtrak has suspended service from New York to Boston and from New Haven to Springfield.
Thursday and Amtrak has suspended service to Boston.
A motorcyclist was killed after crashing into a car in the Garfield Ridge neighborhood this morning, Chicago police said.
A motorcyclist was killed after crashing.
Reality TV star Khloe Kardashian, who has been criticised for her fluctuating weight, says her husband makes her feel ``perfect'' and plays a big role in building her self-confidence.
Her husband makes Khloe Kardashian feel perfect.
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., the world leader in serving science, is showcasing the Thermo Scientific Gallery Plus discrete photometric analyzer, with a broad menu of industrial and environmental analytes, during Analytica 2012.
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is showcasing the discrete photometric analyzer.
The S\u0026P 500 has soared more than 11.4 percent in the past two weeks, with some industries rising even higher.
The S\u0026P 500 has soared in the past two weeks.
Barack Obama got a surprise boost in the last big state of the long Democratic campaign Friday with an endorsement from Pennsylvania Sen. Bob Casey Jr., while another Obama supporter sought to nudge Hillary Rodham Clinton out of the race.
Barack Obama got a boost.
The only panda born at a US zoo so far this year was placed in an incubator today for closer monitoring by zookeepers after visitors flocked to watch mother and child on a live video feed at Zoo Atlanta.
The only panda born at a zoo this year was placed in an incubator flocked.
Several Carmel sporting events scheduled for today have been postponed because of rain and wet fields.
Carmel sporting events have been postponed.
Five people are lucky to be alive following a horrific crash on the Gardiner Expressway last night.
Five people are lucky to be alive.
Australian pilots on Sunday threatened legal action against embattled carrier Qantas, saying chief executive Alan Joyce's decision to lock them out while grounding the airline could be unlawful.
Pilots threatened legal action against Qantas.
That's certainly true of the latest trends in home furnishings and fashion, where retro is the rage.
Retro is the rage.
Morales won his first game of the season with the Sky Sox, striking out four and giving up only four hits, while Matt Murton had three RBIs and hit a home run.
Morales won his first game.
Delaware State Police say they are investigating residential burglaries, but will not release other details to WBOC.
Delaware State Police are investigating burglaries.
In reply to a question from one of his followers here Friday night, Baba Ramdev claimed he would have been killed had he not fled from Ramlila
Baba Ramdev would have been killed had he not fled.
SNL Financial, the premier provider of sector-focused data, news and analytics to investment bankers, investors, and industry professionals and executives, today released a new version of its online information service.
SNL Financial, the provider today released a new version of its online information service.
GE Transportation announced this morning it plans to recall 280 hourly production workers to its local plant.
GE Transportation plans to recall 280 workers.
Congrats to The View co-host Elisabeth Hasselbeck and her hubby Tim Hasselback, who just welcomed a baby boy!
Elisabeth Hasselbeck welcomed a baby boy.
Three Grand Island men are behind bars Sunday night after firing gunshots at a house.
Three men are behind bars after firing gunshots at a house.
Pound-for-pound king Manny Pacquiao said he felt like a football player with the atmosphere at the Cowboys Stadium in Dallas, Texas during the press conference for his upcoming fight against Ghana's Joshua Clottey.
Manny Pacquiao felt like a football player.
A NATO airstrike killed at least 27 civilians in central Afghanistan, the Cabinet said today, the third time a mistaken coalition strike has killed non-combatants since the start of a major offensive aimed at winning over the population.
A NATO airstrike killed at least 27 civilians.
A Coral Springs woman is facing abuse charges after police say she kept her teen grandson chained to his bed for years, locked him in his room and forced him to use a bucket to go to the bathroom.
A woman kept her grandson chained to his bed.
Elsenham rider Ben Maher has won a gold medal as part of Team GB's showjumping team after a dramatic finale at Greenwich Park today.
Rider Ben Maher has won a gold medal.
Atlanta Public Schools board of education member Cecily Harsch-Kinnane will not seek reelection in 2013.
Atlanta Public Schools board of member Cecily Harsch-Kinnane will not seek reelection.
A man living close to where arsonists set fire to an electricity sub-station on Friday has said that it was a ``miracle no one was killed''.
It was a miracle no one was killed.
Brazilian right back Dani Alves has just agreed to sign a contract extension with Barcelona, according to a statement on the club's official website.
Dani Alves has agreed to sign a contract extension with Barcelona.
The US government has reportedly worked out a deal to increase its stake in Citigroup.
The government has worked out a deal to increase its stake in Citigroup.
Cyprus has offered to mediate between Lebanon and Israel over a maritime border dispute that is delaying some oil and gas exploration in the Mediterranean, a Cypriot official said Monday.
Cyprus has offered to mediate between Lebanon and Israel.
PFT has learned that the Steelers will sign cornerback DeMarcus Van Dyke.
The Steelers will sign DeMarcus Van Dyke.
PG Ryan Boatright on snapping the four-game losing streak: ``We just wanted to win. Everyone got tired of going into the locker room with sad faces and going on campus and you can't eat or sleep because you are thinking of the losses. Everybody was just tired of losing.''
Ryan Boatright Everybody was just tired of losing.
Cristiano Ronaldo has insisted that he is not arrogant despite media perception claiming otherwise.
Cristiano Ronaldo is not arrogant.
``After opening on a shaky note, the Nifty traded in the band of 5,120 and 5,093 maximum hours of yesterday`s trading session. However, a strong pull back rally was witnessed towards the afternoon session and Nifty continuously rose to make an intraday high of 5,170.40. At the end of day, it closed at 5,165.00. It had a net gain of 44.45 points or 0.87% over the previous day`s close. On the sectoral front, buying interest was witnessed in realty, banking, PSU, power and capital goods stocks. However, IT and oil \u0026 gas pack traded marginally lower,`` said Microsec Capital. ``Nifty is likely to move in the range of 5,250 and 5,040 in the short term. If it is able to maintain above 5,250, an upward rally might carry it to 5,350 and then 5,430 in the extreme short term. However, a breach of 5,040 is likely to take Nifty lower to 4,960 and then 4,880. We recommend holding long positions with stop loss of 5,040. On an intra-day basis, Nifty has a support at 5,130 and is likely to face a stiff resistance near 5,190. If Nifty breaks 5,130, it may further go down to 5,075 and then 5,040. However, if it is able to sustain above 5,190, the level of 5,220-5,250 would become the next target.`` Disclaimer: IRIS has taken due care and caution in compilation of data for its web site. Information has been obtained by IRIS from sources which it considers reliable. However, IRIS does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of any information and is not responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such information. IRIS especially states that it has no financial liability whatsoever to any user on account of the use of information provided on its website.
Nifty has a support at 5,130.
Special ``kids' pages'' are everywhere on websites today.
Kids ' pages are everywhere.
US Defense Secretary Robert Gates will arrive Sunday to deliberate American defense cooperation with Israel.
US Defense Secretary Robert Gates will arrive.
FREDERICTON An outbreak of syphilis in New Brunswick that has seen the number of cases rise tenfold in the last three years could get worse, a provincial health official warns.
Outbreak of syphilis in New Brunswick could get worse.
Susan G. Komen for the Cure is under growing attack from many quarters for deciding to terminate funding for Planned Parenthood.
Susan G. Komen for the Cure is under attack for deciding to terminate funding for Planned Parenthood.
And the delicate creation was originally developed by a Los Angeles insurance salesman.
And the creation was originally developed by a Los Angeles insurance salesman.
A 27-year-old Warren man is being extradited to California to face a bank robbery charge.
A Warren man is being extradited to California.
Kochi, Oct 18 Kerala-based Federal Bank today unveiled ambitious plans for expanding its footprint across the country by launching 66 new branches, 38 of them outside the state.
Federal Bank today unveiled by launching 66 new branches.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates and Tibetan religious leader ``the 11th Panchen Lama'' have been nominated for a non-governmental Chinese alternative peace prize, CBSNews reported.
Bill Gates have been nominated for a Chinese peace prize.
Muammar Gaddafi was buried early yesterday in an unmarked grave in a modest Islamic ceremony, closing the book on his nearly 42-year rule of Libya and the eight-month civil war to oust him.
Muammar Gaddafi was buried in an unmarked grave.
Sunderland have recalled Egypt winger Ahmed Elmohamady from English second-division side Hull City, the Premier League outfit announced on Wednesday.
Sunderland have recalled Egypt winger Ahmed Elmohamady from Hull City.
Jerome Taylor sent back Ravi Bopara for a brilliant 143 on the second day of the first Test against West Indies.
Jerome Taylor sent back Ravi Bopara.
A Smith County grand jury handed up 34 indictments Thursday in 7th District Judge Kerry Russell's court.
A Smith County grand jury handed up 34 indictments.
LONDON A British artist is to give away 1,000 of his works by leaving them around London for anyone to find.
A British artist is to give away 1,000 of his works.
Brian Jonestown Massacre have announced a New York City show, set to take place on April 1.
Brian Jonestown Massacre have announced a New York City show.
A Navy town steeped in history, touched by glamour and blessed with ferocious natural beauty and an average daily temperature of 70.5 degrees Fahrenheit.
A Navy town, touched and blessed with natural beauty.
A wildfire burning on part of a southern New Mexico ranch owned by veteran newsman Sam Donaldson has nearly tripled in size over the past day.
A wildfire burning on part of a New Mexico ranch owned by Sam Donaldson has tripled.
Ascent Solar Technologies, Inc. and TFG Radiant Group today announced they have signed a more than $275 million plus royalties long-term, multi-faceted, strategic partnership that includes investments by TFG Radiant in Ascent and a joint development agreement between TFG Radiant and Ascent to establish manufacturing facilities to be located in East Asia.
They have signed a more than $ 275 million partnership.
German factory orders unexpectedly rebounded in May, suggesting Europe's largest economy maintained some growth momentum into the second quarter.
German factory orders unexpectedly rebounded in May.
RADA has launched its first ever festival to promote the work of its graduates as well as its current students.
RADA has launched its first ever festival.
Danny Amendola is listed as questionable and will be a game time decision.
Danny Amendola is listed and will be a game time decision.
Roger Ebert, one of the most esteemed film critics ever, has been hospitalized for hip fracture, his wife Chaz Ebert has confirmed on Twitter.
Roger Ebert has been hospitalized for hip fracture.
Washington, DC - infoZine - Scripps Howard Foundation Wire - A bill that would criminalize torture committed by law enforcement officials under federal law was introduced in the House of Representatives Thursday.
Bill would criminalize torture committed by law enforcement officials under federal law.
A man has been sentenced to life in prison for killing his mother and hiding her body in a shed at her Winston-Salem home.
A man has been sentenced for killing his mother and hiding her body.
A 20-year-old woman has been shot while driving on a Los Angeles freeway by someone in another car.
A woman has been shot while driving on a freeway.
Borders UK has appointed JP Hunting as its new children's book buyer.
Borders UK has appointed as its new children's buyer.
The famous singer Asha Bhonsle has made a distance from narrow-minded sentiments involving Mumbai and Maharashtra and says that ``Hindustan belongs to all.''
The singer Asha Bhonsle has made and says Hindustan belongs.
Joypurhat sugar mill began its 2010-11 sugarcane plantation season through a function Thursday at Khanjonpur village in the mill area.
Joypurhat sugar mill began its plantation season.
Jazeera Airways, a Kuwait-based budget airline, will add 10 new routes to its network from the next month as it sees the demand for low-cost carrier rising.
Jazeera Airways will add 10 new routes.
The International Monetary Fund has said the global economy will expand by about 4.5 per cent between 2010 and 2011, following a 0.5 per cent contraction in 2009.
The global economy will expand by about 4.5 per cent.
Northwestern cooled off the Iowa women's basketball team Sunday, defeating the Hawkeyes, 72-66, at Welsh-Ryan Arena.
Northwestern cooled off the Iowa women's team.
Governor Jim Gibbons signed an executive order Wednesday creating the Commission on Autism Spectrum Disorder and charged it with continuing the work of the Nevada Autism Task Force, which dissolved by statute earlier this year.
Jim Gibbons signed creating the Commission on Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Two South Carolina men said they were robbed outside an Executive Park hotel at gunpoint early Saturday morning, according to DeKalb County police.
Two men said they were robbed outside an Executive Park hotel at gunpoint.
A Fort Knox soldier from Arizona has been killed in Afghanistan.
A Fort Knox soldier has been killed in Afghanistan.
Yemeni women defiantly burned their traditional veils Wednesday in protest of President Ali Abdullah Saleh's brutal crackdown on anti-government demonstrations.
Yemeni women burned their veils in protest.
Indian federal bond yields were largely steady on Thursday ahead of the weekly food and fuel price data at around 0530 GMT but sentiment stayed positive due to the absence of fresh debt supplies until April.
Indian bond yields were steady ahead of the weekly food and fuel price data.
In a radio appearance Thursday and a news release sent to the media Friday, Commissioner Jeremy Oden defended the decision to hold informal hearings looking into rates charged by Mobile Gas, Alagasco and the Alabama Power Company.
Commissioner Jeremy Oden defended the decision to hold informal hearings.
FAO's Food Price Index for February has indicated that global food prices continue to soar.
Global food prices continue to soar.
India is developing a 5,000 km-range Agni ballistic missile, Defence Minister AK Antony said Friday.
India is developing a 5,000 km range Agni missile.
A 27-year-old Helena man faces a felony charge of sexual abuse of children for allegedly viewing child pornography while working as a file clerk at the Veterans Affairs Medical Center at Fort Harrison.
A Helena man faces a charge for viewing child pornography while working.
Early Tuesday, Lauren Alaina, 16, lost her voice and was unable to complete rehearsals.
Lauren Alaina lost her voice.
Grail Advisors, one of the first ETF issuers to enter the actively managed ETF arena, is planning an actively managed money market ETF that will invest in short-term fixed-income securities.
Grail Advisors is planning an actively managed money market ETF.
A Pakistani trade delegation of Fruit and vegetable producers and exporters is visiting Sri Lanka to explore the ways and means to enhance bilateral trade between Sri Lanka and Pakistan.
A delegation of Fruit and vegetable producers and exporters is visiting and means to enhance bilateral trade between Sri Lanka and Pakistan.
Las Vegas' own Molotov Solution are sad to announce that they have to call it a day.
Las Vegas ' Molotov Solution have to call a day.
Chase Paymentech, a leading merchant acquirer and payment processor, today announced the launch of its Safetech SM Encryption in Canada, a solution to help protect merchants and consumers from payment card fraud and data theft.
Chase Paymentech today announced the launch, a solution to help protect merchants and consumers from payment card fraud and data theft.
Taylor Lautner keeps it casual at the premiere of The Runaways held at the ArcLight Cinemas Cinerama Dome in Los Angeles on Thursday night.
Taylor Lautner keeps at the premiere of The Runaways.
An evening police chase in Agawam ends in a crash at the Route 57 Rotary.
An police chase in Agawam ends in a crash.
A rollover accident on US Highway 50 on Orchard Mesa sent at least one person to the hospital this afternoon.
A rollover accident sent at least one person to the hospital.
Bangalore, Sun Apr 07 2013, 03:51 hrs Narendra Modi will campaign in five districts in Karnataka ahead of Assembly elections there, Chief Minister Jagadish Shettar said Saturday amid speculation on the extent of the Gujarat Chief Minister's role in the canvassing.
Narendra Modi will campaign in five districts in Karnataka.
School officials at North High School in Des Moines are preparing for possible flooding.
Officials at North High School are preparing for flooding.
An apartment fire in southwest Atlanta left at least six families homeless Tuesday morning, firefighters said.
An apartment fire left at least six families homeless.
In an another instance which may stall reforms, a Parliament panel has rejected the government proposal to hike the FDI cap in the insurance sector to 49 per cent, saying this may not have the desired effect and could expose the economy to global vulnerability.
A Parliament panel has rejected the government proposal to hike the FDI cap in the insurance sector.
Washington, DC -President Bush addressed the nation on Wednesday to discuss the fifth year anniversary of the Iraq war, including the effectiveness of last year's troop surge, the high costs of US military actions, including the of some 4,000 US soldier's lives, and the importance of a continued US presence to prevent the country from becoming a safe haven for terrorists and extremism.
Bush addressed the nation to discuss the fifth year anniversary of the Iraq war.
``IT security education within organisations is paramount if the organisation wants to stay in business, or not get fined by the Information Commissioner's Office for losing or exposing personal data,'' he said.
Security education is paramount.
The St. Louis Cardinals on Thursday, July 19, reported that the club's starter Chris Carpenter has undergone successful neurogenic thoracic outlet surgery in Dallas.
The St. Louis Cardinals, reported the club's starter Chris Carpenter has undergone successful surgery.
Gov. Pat Quinn is asking that 60 Illinois counties be declared federal disaster areas due to February's blizzard.
Pat Quinn is asking 60 Illinois counties be declared federal disaster areas.
Fire destroyed a Minneapolis health care clinic.
Fire destroyed a Minneapolis clinic.
On May 19 Cisco is announcing Collaboration in Motion to bring together the power of collaboration with the ubiquity and performance of the Cisco Unified Wireless Network.
Cisco is announcing Collaboration in Motion.
Apparently under depression, a college student allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself here.
A student committed suicide.
In Downey, four bronze grave markers and numerous military plaques were stolen from the Downey Cemetery at Lakewood Boulevard and Gardendale Street around 7:30 am, said Sgt. Brian Baker, a spokesman with the Downey Police Department.
Four bronze grave markers were stolen.
Dora has weakened to a tropical storm from a Category 1 hurricane as it moves northwest in the Pacific off Mexico.
Dora has weakened to a tropical storm as it moves off Mexico.
Authorities have seized drugs, guns and more than $100,000 in Dixon County, Neb., Sheriff Dean Chase said Tuesday.
Authorities have seized drugs, guns and more than $ 100,000 in Dixon County.
New Zealand First leader Winston Peters faces a voter backlash in Tauranga that could prove terminal unless his party squeaks across the 5% threshold and he can return to Parliament through the party vote.
Winston Peters faces a backlash.
Grammy-winning disco legend Donna Summer, who topped the charts repeatedly in the 1970s and 80s with raunchy hits like Love to Love You Baby and Hot Stuff, died Thursday aged 63.
Donna Summer died Thursday 63.
Guy Richie has said in an interview with Esquire Magazine that he is still in love with Madonna but he has also said that she is retarded.
Guy Richie is still in love but he has said Madonna is retarded.
Two Trumbull County roads will be closed for crosspipe replacements next week in Johnston and Vernon townships.
Two Trumbull County roads will be closed next week.
A Ukrainian family got quite a shock when a ferret crawled out the toilet in their family home on Tuesday.
A ferret crawled out the toilet in their family home.
A former school employee pleaded guilty in Rockingham County District Court on Thursday to taking money from the district's day-care program.
A former school employee pleaded guilty.
Lady Gaga demanded lambs and hundreds of butterflies on stage for her performance on 'The X Factor'.
Lady Gaga demanded lambs and hundreds of butterflies on stage.
A Christian health care plan where members pay for each others bill is gaining popularity.
A Christian health care plan is gaining popularity.
All bad parents face losing control of their welfare payments, under new measures being considered by the Federal Government.
All bad parents face losing control of their welfare payments.
Supermarket chain Woolworths has unveiled a virtual supermarket in Sydney which allows customers to buy groceries with their mobile phone, reports The Australian.
Woolworths has unveiled a virtual supermarket in Sydney.
Park City, UT, January 18, 2008 --- ``What is your film's carbon footprint?'' is this year's key initiative at Project GreenHouse presented by Lexus Hybrid Living at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival.
Park City - What is your film's carbon footprint? is.
Bob Dylan will be the subject of an academic conference to be held at the UK's University of Bristol this summer.
Bob Dylan will be the subject of an academic conference.
Jejudo, Korea's southern resort island, plans to lower travel costs significantly to attract more foreign tourists during the Beijing Olympics.
Jejudo plans to lower travel costs to attract during the Beijing Olympics.
Researchers at the University of California say low doses of a commonly-used anesthetic could prevent the formation of painful memories.
Doses of a anesthetic could prevent the formation of painful memories.
Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz chief Nawaz Sharif said on Tuesday undemocratic attitudes and disrespect for democracy led to fall of Dhaka.
Undemocratic attitudes led to fall of Dhaka.
Sunderland boss Steve Bruce has said that greedy players are killing football.
Greedy players are killing football.
Visibly hurt by the comments that by continuing to play for India he is blocking the chances of youngsters, a disappointed Laxman is now contemplating retirement from cricket and is expected to make a formal announcement either tomorrow or the day after.
A Laxman is contemplating retirement.
Caterpillar announced more layoffs today at its Lafayette facility and at a facility in Griffin, Georgia.
Caterpillar announced more layoffs.
Ball State's gymnastics team suffered a loss to Pitt at Worthen Arena.
Ball State's gymnastics team suffered a loss to Pitt.
Positron Corporation, a leading molecular imaging company specializing in the field of nuclear cardiology, commented on the new medical radiation bill passed into law in California.
Positron Corporation commented on the new medical radiation bill passed into law in California.
Mobile chipset maker company Qualcomm is in talks with vendors and Original Equipment Manufacturers to launch Smartphones in the country at a price tag of Rs 10,000 by next year.
Qualcomm is in talks to launch Smartphones.
Elementary school starting age for students is redesigned; the children of 66 months of age will start to school by September 30th.
School starting age is redesigned.
Dick Clark, former host of American Bandstand and longtime New Year's Eve fixture, has died of a heart attack, according to his family.
Dick Clark has died of a heart attack.
At the other end of the spectrum, we have teachers who should be labeled as ``career creators.''
We have teachers who should be labeled as career creators.
It is now the 3rd gold is testing the channel support seen in the 4H chart.
The gold is testing the channel support.
How is taxing gasoline, my utility bill, natural gas and my phone bill helping create jobs?
How is taxing, my bill, helping create jobs.
Toni Braxton, pop singer and diva, is considering posing for Playboy.
Toni Braxton is considering posing for Playboy.
Jesse James and Kat Von D are engaged.
Jesse James are engaged.
Government schools in Haryana will have management committees for their overall development and proper implementation, monitoring and supervision of the Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan, the state government announced on Monday.
Schools in Haryana will have management committees.
Well, this certainly comes as no surprise as rumors have been swirling for weeks and now it's official, Britney Spears and Jason Trawick have split up, ending their one-year engagement, but at least we'll always have Criminal!
Britney Spears and Jason Trawick have split up.
After days of anxiety over the , the twin cities of Ayodhya and today put behind fears of any adverse fallout and all sections of people rooted for peace but there is no let up in security.
The cities of Ayodhya put behind fears but there is let up in security.
Automobile manufacturer Mahindra \u0026 Mahindra has unveiled its new sports utility vehicle QUANTO in Mumbai, India.
Mahindra \u0026 Mahindra has unveiled its QUANTO in Mumbai, India.
But for his latest book project he is trying out fiction--religious fiction I suppose you could say, since Chopra has chosen to fictionalize Muhammad's life.
He is trying out fiction.
Nominations are being accepted for the 2008 Delta Democrat Times' Jake Stein Community Service Award for outstanding civic and community involvement.
Nominations are being accepted.
Southwest Airlines is changing its schedule May 10, adding flights from Fort Lauderdale, including one new daily nonstop flight between Fort Lauderdale and Austin, Tex.
Southwest Airlines is changing, adding flights from Fort Lauderdale.
A Bekan man who gave a false name after he was detected driving using illegal diesel was fined a total of €5,000 in Ballyhaunis District Court this week.
Who gave a false name after A man was detected driving using illegal diesel.
Midday has won the $2 million Filly \u0026 Mare Turf, snapping a six-race winless streak in the Breeders' Cup by veteran European trainer Henry Cecil.
Midday has won, snapping a streak in the Breeders ' Cup.
THE Dance with EMAFU three-day workshop started yesterday and will run until tomorrow at Crystal Guest House in Manzini.
THE Dance with EMAFU workshop started.
A Turkish appeals court on Thursday ordered a third retrial for 21 leftist militants on charges of attempting to overthrow the state nearly three decades.
A Turkish court ordered a retrial for 21 leftist militants.
Paraguay will face Guatemala in a friendly on Aug. 15 in Washington, the Paraguay Football Association announced on Thursday.
Paraguay will face Guatemala on Aug. 15 in Washington.
Sebastian Vettel said he was in total control as he claimed victory at the Singapore Grand Prix on Sunday under the lights despite Jenson Button cutting his lead to less than two seconds.
Sebastian Vettel was in total control.
For some time, many industry insiders have anticipated that someday Zynga would launch its own game platform.
Zynga would launch its own game platform.
A man charged with obtaining financial advantage by deception and personating public officers has been given a suspended sentence by the Suva Magistrates court today.
A man has been given a suspended sentence.
Former India coach Greg Chappell has ignited a fresh controversy in his newly-released book on Rahul Dravid, reports ESPNstar.
Greg Chappell has ignited a controversy.
Jockey Rafael Bejarano has undergone surgery and is doing well in the hospital a day after he sustained serious facial injuries in a spill at Del Mar. His agent Joe Ferrer says Thursday that Bejarano is beginning to heal and is expected to leave the hospital on Friday.
Jockey Rafael Bejarano has undergone surgery.
A man is behind bars after Sheriff's Deputies in Preston County say he led them on a chase Tuesday night.
A man is behind bars after Sheriff's Deputies say he led on a chase.
Richard Holbrooke, the US Special Representative for Pakistan and Afghanistan called on President Asif Ali Zardari at the Aiwan-e-Sadr on Tuesday.
Richard Holbrooke, called on Asif Ali Zardari.
Anchorage police say a man was stabbed in a mall parking lot on the east side of the city.
A man was stabbed in a mall parking lot.
Real Salt Lake has signed defender/midfielder Lovel Palmer, nearly three weeks after selecting him in the first round of Stage 2 of the MLS Re-Entry Draft.
Real Salt Lake has signed / Lovel Palmer.
Three men will vie for the mayor seat and three men will vie for two city council seats in the upcoming November election.
Three men will vie for the mayor seat.
The Community College of Baltimore County is going to offer a free dental treatments program for children between ages 6 to 18.
The Community College is going to offer a free dental treatments program for children.
Two Fatah al-Islam militants who were accused of targeting the Lebanese Army as well as allegedly taking up arms against the Syrian regime were recently killed in Syria, security sources said Monday.
Two Fatah al-Islam militants were killed in Syria.
Online retailer Amazon.com says 2008 holiday season was 'best ever,' saying Friday that it saw a 17 percent increase in orders on its busiest day, a rare piece of good news in a season that has been far from merry for most retailers, including online businesses.
Amazon.com says 2008 holiday season was best ever.
A Laurel woman is in stable condition after being shot in the face by an acquaintance outside her home on Jan. 14 in an apparent attempted murder-suicide.
A Laurel woman is in stable condition after being shot.
Police have released the name of a man killed Monday in a single car crash east of Halifax.
Police have released the name of a man killed in a crash.
The Louisville Water Company has received a civil engineering award for its Riverbank Filtration Tunnel and Pump Station.
The Louisville Water Company has received a engineering award.
Terror struck Delhi when a powerful bomb blast ripped through a crowded reception area at the entrance to the High Court on Wednesday morning killing atleast 11 people and injuring over 60.
Terror struck Delhi.
Nepal on Thursday voted in a historic Constituent Assembly election without any major incident of violence.
Nepal voted in a historic election.
USA TODAY presented the first USA TODAY Road Warrior of the Year award to frequent business traveler Joyce Gioia at this year's annual Freddie Awards, which honor the world's leading travel loyalty programs.
USA TODAY presented the first TODAY Road Warrior of the award at this year's Freddie Awards.
A police chase along US Route 40, which started in Franklin County, ended in Madison County when the driver lost control of his pick-up truck at approximately 3 pm Tuesday in Summerford.
A police chase ended in Madison County.
Dynegy said that the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission approved its plan to be acquired by Blackstone Group and sell four gas-fueled plants to NRG Energy, according to a WSJ report.
Dynegy said the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission approved its plan to be acquired by Blackstone Group and sell to NRG Energy.
THREE little brothers did their hero dad proud today as they collected a medal in his memory.
Little brothers did their hero dad proud.
The man who was killed in an accident on I-75 on Sunday had just gotten married Saturday, according to the Madison County Coroner.
The man was killed in an accident on I-75 on Sunday had just gotten married Saturday.
Superstar Ronan Keating, who is being brought to Malta by NnG Promotions for a live concert on Saturday at the MFCC in Ta' Qali, is looking forward to his first visit in Malta and to visiting the fortified cities.
Ronan Keating is looking forward to his visit in Malta.
The HST will cost BC schools $24 million next year for everything from buses, paper and cleaning supplies to soccer balls, says a group of school treasurers.
The HST will cost BC schools $ 24 million.
Queensland fast bowler Ben Laughlin, who has taken 20 wickets at an average of 15.85 to guide his team to the Ford Ranger Cup final, has been called into the Australian squad for the Twenty20 and one-day clashes with South Africa.
Queensland fast bowler Ben Laughlin has been called into the Australian squad.
Ballet star Sergei Polunin walks out of 2nd show One of the ballet world's brightest but most volatile stars has vanished, again.
Ballet star Sergei Polunin walks out of 2nd show.
Azamgarh, Nov 8 An FIR was registered against 28 persons including 26 women for allegedly taking pension meant for widows, police said.
FIR was registered against 28 persons.
By Staff Writer FOX2now.com Gold prices soaring to a record high as people look for a way to secure their money and investments.
FOX2now.com Gold prices soaring to a record high.
The third annual Music on the Mountaintop opened Friday under cloudy skies in Boone, with performances by local favorites like Now You See Them, Uncle Mountain, Josh Phillips Folk Festival, Holy Ghost Tent Revival and more.
The Music on the Mountaintop opened under skies in Boone.
Actor Wesley Snipes was released from Federal prison in Pennsylvania on Tuesday.
Wesley Snipes was released from prison.
Fatah has nominated incumbent Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad to head the interim Palestinian government, a party official told CNN.
Fatah has nominated Salam Fayyad to head the interim Palestinian government.
A new pipeline welding center was officially opened in Scotland on Wednesday, aiming to develop subsea pipeline technologies for the world's oil and gas markets, APA reports quoting Xinhua.
A new pipeline welding center was opened in Scotland.
Andatee China Marine Fuel Services Corporation, the leading independent operator engaged in the production, storage, distribution, wholesale purchase and sale of blended marine fuel oil for cargo and fishing vessels in Northern China , today announced that the underwriters of its recent public offering of common stock have exercised their over-allotment option, which will result in the issuance of an additional 470,238 ordinary shares.
Andatee China Marine Fuel Services Corporation, today announced the underwriters have exercised their over-allotment option.
Two weeks ago when publisher Dave Sykes interviewed me for the summer reporter position, I couldn't believe that I could actually be hired to do my dream job.
I could be hired to do my dream job.
Reports suggest that actor Rob Lowe may be #winning talks to replace Charlie Sheen on the hit comedy ``Two and a Half Men.''
Rob Lowe may be # winning talks to replace Charlie Sheen.
Shropshire Council is facing a six-figure bill after losing an employment tribunal over a redundancy payout.
Shropshire Council is facing a bill after losing over a redundancy payout.
German bank Commerzbank said Tuesday it has opened a representative office in the Angolan capital of Luanda as part of its strategy to tap into growth opportunities in Africa.
Commerzbank has opened a office in the Angolan capital.
The Orioles claimed Steve Pearce off waivers Saturday from their division rival Yankees.
The Orioles claimed Steve Pearce from their Yankees.
``If you're homeless and unable to find stability, it actually makes a more high-risk situation.''
It actually makes a more high risk situation.
An armoured Syrian force surrounded a town north of Homs on Monday after the defection of tens of soldiers from the area, activists and residents said, in the latest operation to counter dissent within the military during a five month uprising.
An Syrian force surrounded a town north after the defection.
European officials piled pressure on Greece Saturday to stand by its fiscal commitments or face leaving the euro zone, as political turmoil in the country has cast doubt on whether it will abide by the terms of its latest €130 billion bailout.
European officials piled pressure on Greece Saturday.
The Swiss and UK governments have reached a dual taxation agreement which will permit an exchange of information on tax matters in individual cases where a specific and justified request has been made, the Swiss Federal Department of Finance said Thursday.
The Swiss and UK governments have reached a dual taxation agreement.
Electronic components distributor Premier Farnell saw profits slide in the fourth quarter as sales dropped by 8%.
Premier Farnell saw profits slide.
Why am I glad Spain got creamed by the Swiss?
Am I glad Spain got creamed.
Australian foreign minister Bob Carr says an early withdrawal of troops from Afghanistan would damage the country's reputation.
An early withdrawal from Afghanistan would damage.
Goal line technology could be used in the Premier League for the 2012-13 season according to the FA.
Goal line technology could be used for the 2012 13 season.
Orange County Mayor Teresa Jacobs is host a job summit for the eastern part of the county today.
Teresa Jacobs is host a job summit for the part today.
A police cruiser crashes into a high school in Thomasville.
A police cruiser crashes into a school.
Damon Albarn and Graham Coxon unveiled a brand new Blur song during a short gig in London last night.
Damon Albarn and Graham Coxon unveiled a new Blur song.
Lynchburg Airport officials have appealed the decision to close the control tower next month.
Lynchburg Airport officials have appealed the decision to close the tower.
Senior Nationalist Congress Party leaders led by party chief Sharad Pawar on Monday met Pranab Mukherjee, a day after he was elected as India's 13th President.
Leaders led by Sharad Pawar met Pranab Mukherjee.
NORTH KOREA threatened to conduct nuclear and missile tests unless the UN apologises for criticising its April 5 rocket launch, dramatically raising its stake in the worsening standoff over its atomic programmes.
NORTH KOREA threatened to conduct nuclear tests.
Katie Price, glamor model who has been dating a cross dresser, is begging her ex, Peter Andre, who she has three children with, to give her a second chance.
Katie Price is begging her ex, Peter Andre to give a second chance.
Onboard Air India One, May 31 President Pratibha Patil Monday said there is ``enough space in the world for India and China to grow together'' and their relationship has ``a global dimension.''
There is enough space for India and China to grow together.
Former Pakistani president Pervez Musharraf has said he will return to Pakistan soon to join national politics.
Pervez Musharraf will return to Pakistan soon.
Employment in South Africa is expected to remain weak until 2010 with the employment environment having become more negative in Q1 this year according to recruitment and market research firm Adcorp Holdings.
Employment in South Africa is expected to remain weak until 2010.
CSC announced on Thursday that it has been positioned in the 'leaders' quadrant of the Gartner report, Magic Quadrant for Communications Outsourcing and Professional Services, North America.
CSC has been positioned in the ' leaders ' quadrant.
The world champion Black Ferns drew 8-8 with England this morning in Esher, Surrey, losing the Test series 2-0.
Black Ferns drew with England.
A city committee has voted in favour of a tougher anti-smoking bylaw that would ban lighting up in any park, playground, spray park, swimming pool or sports field -- 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
A city committee has voted in favour of a tougher anti-smoking bylaw.
New Delhi, September 24 Graziano Transmissioni, the Italian auto-parts manufacturer whose India head LK Choudhary was allegedly lynched by dismissed workers on Monday, is ``yet to decide'' on the future course of action in the country.
Graziano Transmissioni is yet to decide on the future course of action.
Ireland captain Brian O'Driscoll has been ruled out of the 2012 RBS 6 Nations with a shoulder injury but the 32-year-old has played down fears of retirement.
Brian O'Driscoll has been ruled out of the 2012 RBS 6 Nations.
A Heinz ad that was aired on British television had to be withdrawn by the company because of the protests of some people who found the content of the ad to be offensive.
A Heinz ad had to be withdrawn because of the protests.
MedCath, a hospital operator based in Charlotte, NC, filed paperwork to dissolve, according to a Charlotte Observer report.
MedCath, filed paperwork to dissolve.
``It's time for you to die!'' screamed Rabia Sarwar as she pounced on hubby Sheikh Naseem, sources said.
It's time for you to die.
Illinois was the second state in the country to pass legislation barring employers from seeking certain social media account information.
Illinois was to pass legislation barring employers from seeking certain social media account information.
Sinopec Engineering Group has opened books for its $2.6bn IPO, attracting corporate cornerstone demand and adding BoC International to its list of bookrunners.
Sinopec Engineering Group has opened for its $ 2.6bn IPO.
Aerosmith canceled a show in Indonesia after authorities there said they had foiled a bomb plot targeting the Myanmar Embassy.
Aerosmith canceled a show.
By AYA BATRAWY Israel cleared out its embassy building in Egypt before sunrise Wednesday, six months after its offices were attacked and ransacked by protesters, according to Egyptian airport officials.
Israel cleared out its embassy building in Egypt.
At a White Rock committee of the whole meeting Monday night, the chamber's request for more money was deferred.
The chamber's request was deferred.
The flash flood warning will continue in the Lehigh Valley until about noon and water in poor drainage areas have already caused some problems this morning.
The flash flood warning will continue in the Lehigh Valley.
On February 4, 2008, the Board of Directors of Dreyfus Strategic Municipal Bond Fund, Inc. declared from net investment income a monthly cash dividend of $.0385 per share of common stock, payable on March 31, 2008 to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 13, 2008.
The Board of Directors of Dreyfus Strategic Municipal Bond Fund, Inc. declared a dividend.
MOST mines are failing to attract skilled manpower due to poor infrastructure and social services, as most of them are located in remote rural areas, a mining executive has said.
Mines are failing to attract skilled manpower.
The palm oil and soyabean oil imports into the country during the first seven months of the current fiscal year witnessed negative growth of 17.42 percent and 71.43 percent respectively as compared to the imports of the corresponding period of last year.
The palm oil and soyabean imports witnessed negative growth.
A Kirkland woman accused of having sex with an adult son she had given up for adoption as a baby has been charged with incest.
A Kirkland woman accused of having sex with an adult son she had given up for adoption has been charged.
A new study has found that there is a 95% chance that human activity is to blame for global warming, and only 5% that the climate change is due to natural factors.
There is a 95% chance human activity is to blame for global warming.
Local political volunteers spent their Saturday afternoon getting ready for the upcoming South Carolina Presidential primaries.
Volunteers spent getting ready for the Presidential primaries.
The Knights of Columbus will again host their annual free throw contest, Sunday, Jan. 10, at noon in the Holy Rosary Gymnasium.
The Knights will host their free throw contest.
Kris Allen, winner of US TV's top-rated singing contest ``American Idol,'' has signed a record deal with producer 19 Recordings, and his debut album is expected to be released this coming fall through Jive Records.
Kris Allen, winner, has signed a record deal.
MALIBU, Calif. The son of Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling has been found dead of a possible drug overdose in Malibu.
MALIBU, The son of Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling has been found dead.
Queens Of The Stone Age continue their apocalyptic video series to preview their upcoming album, ...
Queens Of The Stone Age continue their apocalyptic video series.
Kremikovtzi workers announced they will protest on January 23 from 8.00am in front of the central management office of the company.
Kremikovtzi workers announced they will protest.
LAWYERS of the Lahore Bar Association on Friday observed strike to condemn the restoration of the NATO supplies by Pakistani government, suggesting that this issue should be resolved through a national referendum.
LAWYERS observed strike.
UFC ring hottie Arianny Celeste was arrested on domestic violence charges Saturday in her hometown of Las Vegas.
Arianny Celeste was arrested on domestic violence charges Saturday.
Two Cape Girardeau brothers were charged Friday with a hate crime for allegedly assaulting a black man at a convenience store on North Kingshighway late Thursday.
Two Cape Girardeau brothers were charged with a hate crime.
Police have seized 20 elephant tusks and arrested a police captain for smuggling the illegal cargo into Thailand, anti-animal trafficking sources revealed Sunday.
Police have seized 20 elephant tusks.
MAJOR Asian dry bulk owners and operators have warned that the worst is yet to come for the market as an onslaught of newbuildings enter the fleet, outstripping demand.
Asian dry bulk owners have warned the worst is yet to come.
Maerupu, starring Ram Charan Tej and directed by Bangaram director Dharani, will shoot at Chennai this June.
Maerupu will shoot at Chennai this June.
A family is celebrating a miracle after Rita Chretien was found after 49 days in the wilderness.
A family is celebrating a miracle.
A third of adults online are now using the Web for ``quick conversations,'' posting updates on sites like Facebook and Twitter at least once a week.
A third of adults are now using, posting updates on sites like Facebook and Twitter least a week.
Envysion®, Inc., the leading Managed Video as a Service provider, today announced that By the Rockies, LLC has selected Envysion as its exclusive video provider and is deploying the company's Envysion Insight solution.
By the Rockies, LLC has selected Envysion as its exclusive video provider.
A few snow flurries moved into metro Denver toward the end of the morning rush hour Tuesday.
A flurries moved into metro Denver.
Kenyan police have arrested 63 illegal immigrants in the eastern port city of Mombasa, Kenya's Immigration Department said Tuesday.
Kenyan police have arrested 63 illegal immigrants.
About 1,000 Icelanders took to the streets to demonstrate against their government's handling of the banking crisis.
About 1,000 Icelanders took to the streets.
Yandex today announced that it has launched a web portal in Turkey.
Yandex has launched in Turkey.
Wimbledon-style ticket recycling could be used to fill empty seats at the London Olympics, music promoter Harvey Goldsmith has said.
Ticket recycling could be used to fill at the London Olympics.
Hindi and South film star Meghana Naidu is making her debut in Marathi films with Gajendra Bandivadekar's forthcoming Karun Tak Golmaal.
Film star Meghana Naidu is making her debut in Marathi films.
Russian celebrity spy, Anna Chapman, recently posed for Maxim Russia magazine.
Russian spy, Anna Chapman, posed for magazine.
A black Harvard scholar said Sunday he has been able to joke about his arrest by a white police officer that led to a national debate on race, but he also has received death threats and bomb threats.
A black scholar said he has been able to joke about his arrest.
A 35-year-old Oakville man pleaded guilty Thursday to embezzling money from his former employer, US Attorney Richard Callahan said.
A Oakville man pleaded guilty to embezzling from his former employer.
England will not come here to play a friendly with Thailand next year, as had been reported, Football Association of Thailand president Worawi Makudi said yesterday.
England will not come.
DuCool reportedly has introduced new dehumidification and cooling solutions that have the ability to dramatically improve energy efficiency of cogeneration systems.
DuCool have the ability to improve energy efficiency of cogeneration systems.
Belgium has sworn in a new government after a record-breaking 18 months of political deadlock.
Belgium has sworn in a new government.
Gold prices slipped in trading today on technical selling.
Gold prices slipped on technical selling.
``I am isolated from the events held in connection with Karabakh, refugees and internally displaced persons. I do not understand its reason,'' parliamentarian Elman Mammadov said, APA reports.
I am isolated from the events held in connection with Karabakh, refugees and internally displaced persons. I do not understand, Elman Mammadov said.
Thirty years after he first enjoyed a gondola ride in Venice, Amitabh Bachchan relived the experience this Friday in Macau.
He enjoyed a gondola ride, Amitabh Bachchan relived in Macau.
Mumbai, Dec 17 Indian equities markets turned negative during the afternoon trade after touching an intra-day high of 10,073.1 points.
Markets turned negative during the afternoon trade.
A motorist was critically injured early Saturday when the pickup truck he was driving left an Interstate 80 exit ramp and crashed into three cars in a motel parking lot.
The pickup truck left and crashed in a motel parking lot.
About 220 Ohio prison inmates are getting new parole hearings following a court ruling early this year, and it's causing angst among crime victims who worry their attackers may win early releases.
About 220 Ohio inmates are getting new parole hearings.
Homebuilders asked Gov. Charlie Crist to veto a $190 million cut in state affordable-housing funds Thursday, saying that ``housing will lead us out of this economic crisis'' that forced Florida legislators to plug a $2.3 billion revenue hole during their just-concluded special session.
Homebuilders asked Charlie Crist to veto.
Los Angeles - Placido Domingo has returned to work following his cancer surgery three weeks ago, the Los Angeles Times reported Friday.
Placido Domingo has returned to work following his surgery.
Playhaven, the real-time mobile game marketing platform launched in May, 2010, announced it has expanded to the Android platform and added other new features.
Playhaven has expanded to the Android platform and added features.
DEATH row Bali bomber Amrozi remarried his ex-wife by proxy today after authorities refused permission for a wedding.
DEATH row Bali bomber Amrozi remarried.
The intersection of Pershing Street and Robberson Avenue will be closed at 7 am Monday for utility relocation, according to the city.
The intersection will be closed at 7 am for utility relocation.
Walt Disney is launching free iPhone and iPod touch applications, giving fans access to Disney content and interactive features.
Walt Disney is launching iPhone and iPod applications.
Japan's Women Olympics team succumbed to a 4-1 defeat at the hands of arch-rival United States in the Tri-nation International Friendly Tournament held at Halmstad, Sweden.
Japan's team succumbed to a 4 1 defeat.
A downtown building purchased by the city in August could serve as a temporary site for a planned railroad museum, Cleburne City Manager Chester Nolen suggested Tuesday.
A downtown building could serve as a temporary site for a railroad museum.
Microsoft plans to unveil a new line of cellphones next week with social-networking capabilities aimed at young consumers, The Wall Street Journal reported on Monday.
Microsoft plans to unveil a new line of cellphones week.
Former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher has been admitted to hospital following a recent bout of flu, officials said Tuesday.
British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher has been admitted to hospital.
As he embarks on a visit to the US to participate in the G-20 Summit of major economies, Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday said India needs to be engaged in management of the world economy as it has a lot at stake and a lot to contribute.
India needs to be engaged in management of the world economy.
The Pope will this week launch a new web portal making it easier to access all Vatican news online.
The Pope will launch a new web portal.
The City of Duluth Workforce Development office reports that during the period of July 2009 to July 2010, its employment programs generated over $1 million to boost the Duluth economy and helped over 400 people gain critical skills to move towards permanent employment.
Its programs generated over $ 1 million to boost the Duluth economy.
Toronto, Canada-based Arc Productions has been tapped to animate Matt Hatter Chronicles, a 3D animated series produced by Platinum Films and Dream Mill.
Arc Productions has been tapped to animate Matt Hatter Chronicles.
CESC Fabregas would be willing to take a massive paycut to join Barcelona, according to reports today.
CESC Fabregas would be willing to take a paycut to join Barcelona.
A shotgun was either intentionally fired or accidentally discharged at Pasila railway station in northern Helsinki at about 5pm on Thursday.
A shotgun was fired at Pasila station in Helsinki.
Girl Scouts cookie sales have been crumbling in the recession.
Girl Scouts cookie sales have been crumbling.
Amy Winehouse is reportedly dating a mystery man and keeping it under wraps.
Amy Winehouse is dating a mystery man.
Cilla Black will present Loose Women on ITV this Friday and earlier the same day, Peter Andre and Kate Thornton will take over the This Morning reins for a few hours.
Cilla Black will present Loose Women.
A Rasmussen poll released today shows republican challenger Ron Johnson with a 53 to 46 percent lead over democratic incumbent Russ Feingold.
A Rasmussen poll shows Ron Johnson with a lead over Russ Feingold.
The 20-year-old Spain international is a rumoured target for a number of top clubs across the continent, but Capel insists he is focused on making his mark at Sevilla after recent injury problems.
Capel is focused on making at Sevilla.
Logitech profit rises a less than forecast 15%, helped by Asian sales;
Logitech profit rises.
Socialite Paris Hilton spent her birthday in hospital with her boyfriend after he was injured in a skiing accident.
Paris Hilton spent her birthday in hospital.
Chemical company Orica could end up in court ``deeply concerning'' incidents, the NSW environmental regulator says.
Orica could end up in court, the regulator says.
Thief, adulterer faces public torture Iran officials amputate man's finger in public Comes after public hanging in Tehran Park THIS man was blindfolded and led to a public platform, before officials used a machine to amputate his finger.
Public Iran officials amputate man's finger.
Economic growth in Canada slowed in January after a sharp jump in December as strength in manufacturing and financial services was offset by a decline in natural gas extraction.
Economic growth slowed in January.
RUGBY is in a prime position to grow and prosper over the next decade as long as it builds on its strengths.
RUGBY is in a prime position to grow and prosper.
Sorry ladies, but it seems that Niall Horan just doesn't have time for a girlfriend.
Niall Horan doesn't have time for a girlfriend.
Photo by WENN A Michael Jackson manslaughter hearing has been postponed by a California judge so that lawyers can have more time to investigate footage that was taken from the late singer's rehearsal before his sudden death in June 2009.
Photo by Michael Jackson manslaughter hearing has been postponed.
Prince Harry and Chelsy Davy have reunited and split up several times during their on-off relationship over the years, and word is the former couple are currently in an 'on' phase.
Prince Harry and Chelsy Davy have reunited.
CITY bar associations on Monday hoisted black flags on the call of the National Lawyers' Coordination Council.
Bar associations hoisted black flags.
Residents rallied on Pittsburgh's North Side on Saturday to urge youth to avoid violence.
Residents rallied to urge youth to avoid violence.
Catholic school teachers voted Tuesday to go on strike during the pope's visit later this month.
Catholic school teachers voted to go on strike.
The Atiwa District in the eastern Region has launched anti-bushfire campaign to sensitize inhabitants on the dangers and effects of bushfires.
The Atiwa District has launched anti-bushfire campaign.
Pittsburgh police say they will be stepping up DUI patrols across the city this weekend.
They will be stepping up DUI patrols this weekend.
TMZ is reporting that former UFC fighter Kimo Leopoldo was arrested this afternoon in Tustin after police discovered a ``small amount of what is believed to be meth'' in his car.
Former UFC fighter Kimo Leopoldo was arrested in Tustin.
A car, which crashed in a quiet St Albans street, could have hit children out playing had the incident happened 24 hours earlier.
A car, which crashed in a quiet St Albans street, could have hit children.
The St. Paul area will be awash in new residential water meters over the next two-plus years as part of an $18 million project.
The St. Paul area will be awash in new water meters.
Gov. Chet Culver says he's extending all disaster proclamations until Aug. 22, which means Iowans affected by flooding and severe weather will have more time to get assistance as they clean up and begin to rebuild.
Chet Culver's extending all disaster proclamations.
Rolling Stone reports that Bruce Springsteen will campaign for President Barack Obama for two different rallies on October 18 in Parma, Ohio and in Ames, Iowa on the same day.
Bruce Springsteen will campaign for Barack Obama.
New Jersey Bail set at $1m in store stabbing Bail was set at $1 million for a New Jersey man accused of stabbing a stranger about a dozen times as she pushed her 5-month-old baby in a stroller at a Bed Bath \u0026 Beyond store.
Bail was set at $ 1 million for a man accused of stabbing a stranger as she pushed at a store.
An education expert who was a supervisory instructor for Harvard University will speak Saturday at an education event in Richland.
An expert will speak at an education event in Richland.
Mike ``The Situation'' Sorrentino has sparked rumours that he plans to leave MTV reality series Jersey Shore in the near future.
Mike ``The Situation'' Sorrentino plans to leave Jersey Shore.
JERSEY needs a foreign minister to represent it abroad, former Chief Minister Frank Walker has told a meeting of business leaders.
JERSEY needs a foreign minister.
Prime Minister Syed Yusuf Raza Gilani has said that Pakistan stands committed towards women's emancipation through ensuring their legal, economic, political and social empowerment.
Pakistan stands committed towards women's emancipation through ensuring their, economic, and social empowerment.
President Barack Obama returned to the basketball court Sunday, two days after suffering a split lip that required 12 stitches in a bruising encounter during a rousing game of hoops.
Barack Obama returned to the basketball court.
A section of 6 Mile Road between I-275 and Newburgh in Livonia is closed tonight as police investigate a serious-injury accident.
A section of 6 Mile Road between I-275 in Livonia is closed.
French consumer spending fell sharply in April as vehicle purchases sank and mild weather reduced energy consumption, national statistics agency Insee said Tuesday.
French consumer spending fell sharply.
Chad Dawson retained his WBC light-heavyweight title with a unanimous points decision over Glen Johnson on Saturday.
Chad Dawson retained his WBC title.
The Rajasthan government on 27 June 2013 launched a unique scheme called Mukhyamantri Bijli Bachat Lamp Yojna for energy conservation.
The Rajasthan government launched a scheme called for energy conservation.
Woodward Inc. reported a 12 percent increase in net sales for its first quarter, with the energy division outpacing the aerospace division.
Woodward Inc. reported a increase in net sales.
Businessman Asil Nadir flew back to Britain on Thursday, 17 years after he fled while awaiting trial on fraud charges stemming from the collapse of his Polly Peck business empire.
Asil Nadir flew back to Britain, 17 years he fled.
Ryan Zimmerman was 0 for 3 with two walks and his hitting streak ended at 30 games but Shairon Martis lifted the Nationals.
Ryan Zimmerman was and his hitting streak ended at 30 games.
Susan Boyle claims she has been visited by her late mother.
Susan Boyle has been visited by her late mother.
Scientists are reporting development and successful lab tests of ``killer paper,'' a material intended for use as a new food packaging material that helps preserve foods by fighting the bacteria that cause spoilage.
Scientists are reporting development and successful lab tests of killer paper.
``There will not be an apology,'' Mrs. Dariano told the camera crew outside the school.
There will not be an apology.
``You couldn't get life preservers,'' heartsick Joan Treanor, 74, recalled of the panic that ensued as she and the other passengers were tossed into Long Island Sound.
You couldn't get life preservers.
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson says the current financial challenges facing the country will persist for a number of months, but he said the economy will rebound.
Henry Paulson says the current challenges will persist for a number of months, but he said the economy will rebound.
Billy Crystal replaced Eddie Murphy as the Oscar host, for the forthcoming Academy Awards 2012 next February.
Billy Crystal replaced Eddie Murphy.
The euro was rangebound against the dollar in Asia on Tuesday as trading lacked any clear direction, with risk appetite suppressed by eurozone and US debt concerns .
The euro was rangebound against the dollar.
A fifth Democrat has jumped into the race for the North Bay congressional seat held by retiring Rep. Lynn Woolsey, D-Petaluma.
A fifth Democrat has jumped into the race for the North Bay congressional seat.
Former Alabama Lt. Gov. George McMillan has been acquitted on bad check charges.
George McMillan has been acquitted on bad check charges.
Pakistan Foreign Secretary Salman Bashir held a 35-minute courtesy meeting with Indian External Affairs Minister SM Krishna here on Friday.
Salman Bashir held a courtesy meeting with SM Krishna.
Google has invested in HomeAway, the vacation rental site that has already raised nearly half a billion dollars in venture capital.
Google has invested in HomeAway.
Keith Vaz, the committee's chairman, said the backlog, which will take years to clear, was unacceptable, adding that the agency seems to have ``acquired its own Bermuda triangle''.
Keith Vaz said the backlog, which will take years to clear, was.
Al Hilal, the first Islamic Bank in Kazakhstan, is ready to invest USD 1 bln in Kazakhstan economy, Chairman of Al Hilal Bank Kazakhstan Prasad Abraham has announced it at the press conference in Astana today.
Al Hilal is ready to invest USD 1 bln in Kazakhstan economy.
In their quest to explore the origin of life, Indian Scientists have discovered three new species of bacteria which are not found on Earth.
Indian Scientists have discovered three new species of bacteria.
About halfway into his fifteen minute televised address on Monday evening, it occurred to me that Obama is literally boring Americans to death.
Obama is boring to death.
``I welcome the growing consensus in the United States and Iraq for a timeline,'' Obama said, citing ``the peril and the promise of this moment.''
I welcome the growing consensus for a timeline.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has been arrested in London on suspicion of rape on an arrest warrant issued by Swedish authorities, British police said.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has been arrested.
Khaleej Times) The liquidity conditions in the banking system have improved but banks will resume lending only when they are comfortable with overall economic environment, said Sultan bin Nasser Al Suwaidi, the Governor of the Central Bank of the UAE.
The liquidity conditions in the banking system have improved.
``I thought he did a good job--he almost sounded like a Republican,'' freshmen Rep. Raul Labrador, said minutes after exiting the House floor.
He did a good job.
Ultima creator Richard Garriott is suing former employer NCSoft for around $27 million, alleging he lost stock options when the Tabula Rasa publisher mischaracterised the circumstances of his depature, GamePolitics reports.
Richard Garriott is suing NCSoft for around $ 27 million.
Upmarket French leisure group Club Med said Thursday it will open a Club Med ski village in China, its first venture into the huge and booming Chinese leisure market, in November.
Club Med said it will open a ski village in China.
An unknown chemical was leaking from a railroad car in Wilmington today, and fire crews were working to contain the spill.
An unknown chemical was leaking from a railroad car in Wilmington.
Indian stocks are likely to open marginally higher on positive global cues.
Indian stocks are likely to open marginally higher.
World-record holder Paula Radcliffe will defend her title at the New York City Marathon next month.
Paula Radcliffe will defend her title at the New York City Marathon.
In response to the increasing demand for materials that are both light weight and able to withstand high levels of stress, Ticona has added continuous fibre reinforced thermoplastic composites to its Celstran product portfolio.
Continuous fibre reinforced thermoplastic composites.
Alexander Haig I am in charge and other famous quotes help us honor the former Secretary of State on the day of his death.
Alexander Haig I am in charge and other famous quotes help.
The directorate general of hydrocarbon, today said that shale gas exploration acreages in the country will be available from next year.
Shale gas exploration acreages will be available from next year.
Eastplats recorded a net profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of $3,448,000 compared to $317,000 in the second quarter of 2009.
Eastplats recorded a net profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of $ 3,448,000.
An Afghan policeman opened fire on British soldiers in the volatile southern province of Helmand, killing five, British and Afghan authorities said Wednesday, raising concerns about discipline within the Afghan forces and possible infiltration by insurgents.
An Afghan policeman opened on British soldiers, killing.
By Simon Mail '' Ernst Joubert has warned his team-mates Saracens will find life tougher this year after coming within minutes of the Premiership crown.
Ernst Joubert has warned his Saracens will find.
Best Buy Europe, the joint venture between Carphone Warehouse and US electrical group Best Buy, is to sell its Belgian retail business.
Best Buy Europe is to sell its Belgian business.
Russia Friday called the coming Geneva talks on Syria a ``positive step'' despite fears that the meeting might not go ahead because of disagreements and Moscow's anger at the absence of Iran.
Russia Friday called the coming Geneva talks on Syria a positive step.
A Glenamaddy property developer has been declared bankrupt in the UK according to recently released insolvency papers.
A Glenamaddy developer has been declared bankrupt in the UK.
Two senior NSW police officers and an AFP officer have been suspended after alleged positive drug tests.
Two senior police officers have been suspended.
the state Senate vote 18-15 this afternoon to pass an open records bill that contained what is called a rebuttable presumption of openness.
The Senate vote to pass an open records bill.
Police has arrested two Maoists and recovered the skeletal remains of three persons from the Maoists hot bed Jhargram in West Bengal.
Police has arrested two Maoists and recovered the skeletal remains of three persons bed Jhargram.
Lewis Hamilton aims to take advantage of a ``fresh start'' as the European leg of the F1 season kicks off in Spain next weekend.
Lewis Hamilton aims to take advantage of a fresh start.
Surrey Police are offering residents the chance to win an Apple iPad in return for their views on their website which is currently being rebuilt.
Surrey Police are offering the chance to win an Apple iPad in return for their views.
Amy Winehouse is reportedly checking into an Israeli rehab center in a continued attempt to kick her drug habit.
Amy Winehouse is reportedly checking into an Israeli rehab center.
Wholesale sales rose for the second straight month in April, largely on increased demand for personal and household goods and machinery and electronic equipment.
Wholesale sales rose for the second straight month in April.
Premier Morgan Tsvangirai said he will soon meet with other principals over the awarding of broadcasting licences to 2 players aligned to Zanu-PF.
Morgan Tsvangirai will meet with other principals over the awarding of broadcasting licences.
The Delhi high court today came down heavily on striking Air India pilots for defying its order to resume work as the national carrier management moved the court seeking contempt proceedings against the pilots.
The Delhi high court came down heavily on striking Air India pilots.
Gazprom, the world's largest natural gas producer, said Friday it hoped to sign key deals in Azerbaijan next week, raising the possibility that Russia will secure Azeri gas to feed pipelines to Europe.
Gazprom hoped to sign deals in Azerbaijan.
Ricky Hatton made weight right on the limit for Saturday's junior-welterweight fight with American Paulie Malignaggi at the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
Ricky Hatton made weight.
Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai has warned corrupt Zanu-PF officials who plundered resources in recent years.
Morgan Tsvangirai has warned corrupt officials.
Two experienced skydivers were killed Saturday when their plane crashed just west of Mount Vernon.
Two skydivers were killed their plane crashed west of Mount Vernon.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has issued new accounting guidance on income from electronic health records meaningful use incentive payments, according to a Health Data Management report.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has issued accounting guidance on income from records meaningful use incentive payments.
China and other faster growing developing nations may lure more funds away from advanced economies for the next two decades, according to Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
China may lure funds for the next two decades.
Two men were shot, one fatally, in a City Heights alley Thursday afternoon, and San Diego police were looking for two men who fled in a dark-colored pickup.
Two men were shot, one fatally, in a City Heights alley.
A delivery man allegedly forced his girlfriend to dig her own grave in a remote German forest and then buried her alive because she threatened to leave him.
A delivery man forced his girlfriend buried alive.
Qatar Airways said it is replacing the speed sensors on its Airbus A330 and A340 aircraft, but it has emphasized that the move was part of a maintenance programme to upgrade the sensors and not based on a directive from the manufacturer.
Qatar Airways is replacing the sensors.
Actress Jennifer Grey won television's ``Dancing With the Stars'' contest on Tuesday, while Bristol Palin, whose survival on the show sparked nationwide controversy, finished in third place.
Jennifer Grey won television's Dancing With the Stars contest.
Harry Redknapp has revealed Tottenham Hotspur have yet to agree a fee for Peter Crouch.
Tottenham Hotspur have yet to agree a fee for Peter Crouch.
Actor Hayden Panettiere has revealed that she was a 'wild' student in school.
Hayden Panettiere was a wild student in school.
State police are investigating a hit and run that occurred Friday in Shrewsbury Township, according to a new release.
Police are investigating a hit and run that occurred in Shrewsbury Township.
State Sen. Gilbert Cedillo announced last week that he will run for the seat in the 45th Assembly District, which includes Chinatown and other northern portions of Downtown, in the November election.
Gilbert Cedillo will run in the Assembly District.
Eclipsys Corporation, The Outcomes Company®, announced that The Methodist Hospital of Houston, TX, has selected Eclipsys HealthXchange™ to support it in connecting its local care community.
The Methodist Hospital has selected Eclipsys HealthXchange ™.
More rat poison expected on Oz beaches Updated: 01:37, Saturday January 5, 2013 Police say a canister of rat poison found on a NSW beach is one of a batch that has been washing up on the Queensland coast since February last year.
More rat poison expected on Oz beaches.
After more than 30 years of spaceflight and 130 missions, NASA's space shuttle fleet will head to institutions across the country for retirement.
NASA's space shuttle fleet will head for retirement.
A Tucson family has been displaced by a house fire.
A family has been displaced by a house fire.
Security guard of Nepal Bank Limited, Ilam has been found dead here on Monday morning.
Security guard, has been found dead.
The bobcat that attacked a woman Monday tested positive for rabies, said Richard Ziegler, director of Leon County's Animal Control.
The bobcat tested positive for rabies.
Pakistani Muslims threatened protests and anarchy if the government pardons a Christian mother sentenced to death for blasphemy, calling hundreds of demonstrators onto the streets yesterday.
Muslims threatened protests.
The president of Acciona Energy, Carmen Becerril, and the CEO of Navantia, Luis Cacho, signed a co-operation agreement in the field of offshore wind power.
The president of Acciona Energy and the CEO of Navantia signed a co-operation agreement in the field of offshore wind power.
Tsvangirai ``likes being arrested'', claimed Mnangagwa, allegedly because this is way of grabbing the world's attention.
Tsvangirai likes being arrested, claimed Mnangagwa.
When they refused, she decided to sue Apple into helping her, according to The Sun. As The Next Web points out, the Sun's article is brief and the backstory -- was Allen's initial request for help refused by Apple? is dubious.
She decided to sue Apple into helping her.
A motorcyclist was killed in an accident Monday night in Jericho when he was thrown from his bike, struck by a passing car and then dragged 100 feet, police said.
A motorcyclist was killed in Jericho.
Kenny Dalglish admitted he was disappointed by Liverpool's surprise 3-0 defeat at Hull City on Saturday.
Kenny Dalglish was disappointed by Liverpool's defeat.
US demand for coated fabrics is expected to grow 2.1 percent per annum, reaching 655 million square yards in 2012.
US demand for coated fabrics is expected to grow, reaching 655 million square yards.
A foetus was found on a pavement in Vereeniging west of Johannesburg, paramedics said on Monday.
A foetus was found on a pavement.
The USS Ronald Reagan is deploying Wednesday, and San Diego will be without aircraft carriers for about a week, the Navy said today.
The USS Ronald Reagan is deploying Wednesday.
Independent MP Peter Slipper has been formally charged with fraud, but the court case will drag-on until after the federal election.
Peter Slipper has been formally charged with fraud.
A dispute between neighbors over a pile of dirt ended Tuesday with charges against a city man who allegedly brandished a knife.
A dispute over a pile of dirt ended with charges.
A Former KFAN radio host faces jail time after failing to finish two substance abuse programs and testing positive for cocaine.Forty-one-year-old Jeff Dubay of Plymouth will be sentenced July 21 for felony fifth-degree drug possession.Sentencing guidelines call for a year in jail.Since being fired from the station in October, Dubay has failed two rehab programs, tested positive for cocaine 12 times, and failed to appear for testing 11 times since January.
A Former KFAN host faces jail time will be sentenced.
Thai and Cambodian troops clashed for a fourth straight day Monday over a disputed border area surrounding a 900-year-old Hindu temple as Cambodia urged the UN Security Council to intervene.
Thai and Cambodian troops clashed for a fourth day.
A benefit fundraiser is planned for Feb. 13 to help the family of Ray Smith of Owosso.
A fundraiser is planned to help the family.
General Electric Co. posted its first quarterly profit gain since late 2007, helped by cost cuts and improvements at its beleaguered financing business.
General Electric Co. posted its first quarterly profit gain since 2007.
Four aging bridges on Route 44 in northwestern Lycoming County will be addressed soon under a contract that includes two bridge replacements and two bridge rehabilitations between Route 414 and Haneyville.
Four aging bridges on Route 44 will be addressed under a contract.
Labor has warned Australians against making a protest vote at the next election as Tony Abbott clings to underdog status.
Labor has warned against making a protest vote.
Seamless and GrubHub might join forces, according to sources close to TechCrunch.
Seamless and GrubHub might join forces.
``The Congress was hobnobbing with the ULFA and it was a known fact to all,'' Swaraj said here.
The Congress was hobnobbing with the ULFA.
WikiLeaks suspect, Bradley Manning declined to enter a plea at his arraignment Thursday on charges of turning over a massive cache of classified US documents to the secret-spilling site, reports AFP.
WikiLeaks suspect, Bradley Manning declined to enter a plea.
Chinese celebrity hurdler Liu Xiang said on state television that he feels sorry for his injury-forced withdrawal from the Olympic Games and vowed he will come back.
Liu Xiang said he feels sorry and vowed he will come back.
UK rocker Peter Doherty was arrested again just after he left court for a drink-driving offence.
Peter Doherty left court.
New Delhi, Dec 3 Temperatures dipped at many places in Punjab and Haryana today with Rohtak being the coldest at 5.2 degree celsius.
Temperatures dipped at many places in Punjab and Haryana.
Lisa Lillien, the woman behind the Hungry Girl brand, is coming to Boca Raton on Saturday.
Lisa Lillien is coming to Boca Raton.
A massive search ended on Sunday after 13 possible cult members were found praying in a park near Los Angeles, authorities announced.
A massive search ended after 13 possible cult members were found.
Panera Bread Co. is asking customers at a new restaurant to pay what they want.
Panera Bread Co. is asking to pay what they want.
Fashion designer Stella McCartney has donated a signed sketch to a charity art auction, which will benefit children with special needs.
Stella McCartney has donated a sketch to a auction.
A prominent Russian federal judge was shot dead as he left his Moscow appartment to go to work on Monday morning.
A prominent Russian judge was shot dead.
Aircraft manufacturer Boeing eclipsed European rival Airbus in net orders this year to the end November, when the US giant had received 484 against 388 for Airbus, data showed Thursday.
Boeing eclipsed Airbus in orders.
Penguins players probably weren't surprised that the NHL on Monday did not suspend Vancouver winger Raffi Torres, whose hit Sunday night on Chicago defenseman Brent Seabrook again sparked debate within the hockey world about headshots and blindside hits.
The NHL did not suspend Vancouver winger Raffi Torres.
Japan wants Greece to remain in the eurozone, Finance Minister Jun Azumi said Friday, as European leaders seemed to have fallen short of addressing market concerns over the sovereign debt and banking crisis in the area at their informal summit on Wednesday.
Japan wants Greece to remain in the eurozone.
Former Turkish Cypriot leader Rauf Denktash, a fierce supporter of Turkish Cypriot independence and key figure in Cyprus' decades-old ethnic conflict, died yesterday.
Turkish Cypriot leader Rauf Denktash, a supporter, died.
HVAC Covers says its custom made air conditioner covers will protect units during off-season or winter use.
Covers will protect units during off season or use.
School officials say some students at Summerville High School were suspended this week after violating the school's dress code.
Some students were suspended after violating the school's dress code.
In a victory for an insurance company accused of acting in bad faith, the Oregon Supreme Court ruled that a $20.7 million jury award for punitive damages in a fatal traffic accident in 1987 was excessive.
The Oregon Supreme Court ruled a award for punitive damages was excessive.
An area man dies after crashing his vehicle into the post office in the town of Cecil.
An man dies after crashing into the post office.
Highland School District announced Monday that it will soon have a new superintendent.
Highland School District announced it will have a new superintendent.
Las Cruces police are investigating a report of shots fired near an elementary school Monday night.
Las Cruces police are investigating a report of shots fired near an school.
A quiet period in the tropics should continue over the next 48 hours, the normal forecasting period, according to the National Hurricane Center.
A quiet period in the tropics should continue.
Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Tun Razak said only Barisan Nasional can provide the people with a good future.
Only Barisan Nasional can provide the people with a good future.
Gwyneth Paltrow is set to return to ``Glee'' and reprise her role as free-spirited substitute teacher Holly Holiday.
Gwyneth Paltrow is set to return to Glee and reprise her role as Holly Holiday.
Prime Minister, Dr. Manmohan Singh, who today laid the foundation stone for Rs. 5180 crore-Kochi Metro said that media should avoid the desire to be sensational and its reporting and opinion should be fair, objective and balanced.
Media should avoid the desire to be sensational.
Indian shares ended lower Thursday as investors turned cautious on fears of an interest rate hike ahead of the central bank's monetary policy meet, with financials and Reliance Industries, the country's most valued company, bearing the brunt of the selloff.
Indian shares ended lower.
Vancouver police responded late Tuesday to a stabbing that sent one man to a local hospital.
Vancouver police responded to a stabbing.
Pratt \u0026 Whitney Rocketdyne again demonstrated its large payload lift capabilities by successfully boosting the second GPS- IIF2 navigation satellite for the US government launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force station, Fla. The satellite was onboard a United Launch Alliance Delta IV-Medium rocket, powered by a Pratt \u0026 Whitney Rocketdyne RS-68 booster engine and an RL10B-2 upper-stage engine.
Pratt \u0026 Whitney Rocketdyne again demonstrated.
A Joliet man accused of shooting at law officers before killing 55 dogs and attempting suicide has been released from a Billings hospital.
A Joliet man accused of shooting before killing 55 dogs has been released from a hospital.
Police in McCracken County are looking for a man suspected of rape.
Police are looking for a man suspected of rape.
Former Arizona guard Lamont Jones has been cleared to play at Iona immediately.
Lamont Jones has been cleared to play at Iona.
AIG will be required to repay lavish employee bonuses, US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said, as the bailed-out insurance company's boss prepared to face furious lawmakers.
AIG will be required to repay lavish bonuses.
Police in Bristol are looking for two suspects connected to two home invasions last week.
Police are looking for two suspects.
A Syracuse area doctor sentenced to 10 years probation for attempting to send inappropriate text messages to a teenage boy has had his license revoked.
A doctor has had his license revoked.
Evelyn Lozada is set to quit reality show 'Basketball Wives' because she feels as if she's been treating badly by the producers.
Evelyn Lozada is set to quit show Basketball Wives.
No. 20 Northwestern dominated No. 22 Michigan, 173-122, Saturday during Senior Day at the Norris Aquatics Center, knocking off its second-consecutive ranked dual-meet opponent.
No. 20 Northwestern dominated No. 22 Michigan, 173 122.
Japan is expected to seek closer military cooperation with the United States in view of China's new military assertiveness in the region, according to a report in Joseph Farah's G2 Bulletin.
Japan is expected to seek closer military cooperation.
Due to the tourist operator's fault, Ukrainian tourists are evicted from hotels in Croatia and Montenegro, UKRINFORM reports with reference to Segodnia newspaper.
Ukrainian tourists are evicted from hotels in Croatia and Montenegro.
Israel has lifted the ban on Apple iPad for the tourists flowing in to the country and for citizens as well.
Israel has lifted the ban on Apple iPad.
One of the challenges our young people are facing is living life without having any purpose.
One is without having any purpose.
Ryan Craig has cleared re-entry waivers and will join the Lightning tonight for their game against the Ottawa Senators.
Ryan Craig has cleared waivers and will join the Lightning tonight.
US technology giant Hewlett-Packard said Monday it would cut 24,600 jobs worldwide over the next three years as part of its integration with computer services firm Electronic Data Systems.
Hewlett-Packard would cut 24,600 jobs worldwide.
The polls are open in Florida for a primary that Mitt Romney hopes will give him a stronger hand in the race for the Republican presidential nomination.
The polls are open in Florida for a primary.
SouthGobi Energy Resources Ltd., the Canada-listed mining company backed by China's sovereign wealth fund, may post ``robust'' earnings starting next year as production expands, its chief executive officer said.
SouthGobi Energy Resources Ltd. may post robust earnings starting next year.
A puppet ringleader in the Russian-occupied province of Nokhchicho of the Caucasus Emirate has again publicly counted the number of Mujahideen.
A puppet ringleader has again counted the number of Mujahideen.
The SA National Defence Union says the SANDF has dismissed 500 soldiers placed on special leave after their participation in an illegal march in 2009.
The SANDF has dismissed 500 soldiers placed on special leave.
The Employment Security Commission of North Carolina reported unemployment rates dropped in Lenoir, Greene and Jones counties during the month of July.
Unemployment rates dropped.
PORSCHE SE won dismissal of the first two investor suits in Germany over allegations the company lied about its failed Volkswagen AG takeover plan in 2008.
PORSCHE SE won dismissal of the two investor suits.
A Norwegian artist has taken his love of Burberry to a whole new level, the UK Daily Mail reported.
A Norwegian artist has taken his love of Burberry to a new level.
A Newark man who police say raped two young relatives was indicted Thursday on 17 counts of sexual charges by a Licking County grand jury.
A Newark man was indicted on 17 counts of sexual charges.
Sagrada Esperança da Lunda Norte beat Progresso do Sambizanga by 1-0, in a four round game of the National First Division Championship of Football, thus rising to the second position.
Sagrada Esperança da Lunda Norte beat Progresso do Sambizanga.
BHP will still seek regulatory approvals for its $165 billion bid for Rio Tinto, even though Rio has rejected of the offer.
BHP will seek approvals.
Veteran English actress Barbara Windsor, whose boobs became famous due to the 'Carry On' movies, has revealed that she used to hate her legendary assets.
Barbara Windsor has revealed she used to hate her legendary assets.
A researcher at the University of Navarra, Ms Itziar Abete, has shown that a diet rich in legumes favours weight loss and maintenance over time.
A diet rich in legumes favours weight loss and maintenance.
Bayern Munich playmaker Arjen Robben has returned to training for the first time since injuring his hamstring against Poland.
Arjen Robben has returned to training.
Although the Kalamazoo River oil spill cleanup is far from over, Enbridge Inc., the company responsible for the leak, already is repaying local government agencies for their help.
Enbridge Inc. is repaying local government agencies.
Sandestin Wine Festival, one of the top wine festivals of its kind, announces strong ticket sales and the final days to purchase discounted tickets for this year's event.
Sandestin Wine Festival, one of the festivals, announces strong ticket sales.
NEW YORK - Disgraced financier Bernard Madoff has been ordered to forfeit over $170 billion, prosecutors said Friday.
Bernard Madoff has been ordered to forfeit over $ 170 billion.
Sega is launching a free Genesis emulator for the iPhone and iPod Touch next month, and will include a free game.
Sega is launching a Genesis emulator for the iPhone month.
Some cattle has been cloned from dead animals and their offspring have entered the food chain.
Some cattle has been cloned from dead animals.
Indian guar futures hit new contract highs in intraday trade on Tuesday on lower acreage due to scanty rains in north-western India, where most of the guar crop is grown, analysts said.
Indian guar futures hit highs on lower acreage.
Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit today underwent surgery at a city hospital for sinus problem and is stable.
Sheila Dikshit today underwent surgery at a hospital for sinus problem.
Mobile products from Samsung now enjoy a high level of expectation and rumours, which was once only reserved for upcoming Apple products, and now it seems that the Galaxy Note 10.1 specs have been leaked before its release after an unboxing of the device.
The Galaxy Note 10.1 specs have been leaked before its release after an unboxing.
Essendon midfielder Nathan Lovett-Murray has been released from hospital after being treated for non life-threatening injuries following a domestic dispute in Melbourne's northern suburbs last night.
Essendon midfielder Nathan Lovett-Murray has been released from hospital.
Moviemaker JUDD APATOW has gone back to school to pick up his high school diploma, 27 years after graduating.
JUDD APATOW has gone back to school.
In talking with MarketSaw, 3ality Digital Systems CEO Steve Schklair said that Jackson will be shooting all of his films in 3D from now on, using the technologies of Schklair's 3ality company to do so.
Jackson will be shooting all of his films in 3D from now on.
Cicely Tyson won the Tony Award Sunday for best actress in a play for her work in ``A Trip to Bountiful.''
Cicely Tyson won the Tony Award.
Mahesh Khaleja, get set ready to release across the world today.
Mahesh Khaleja, get set ready to release.
Camden bishop reportedly to retire An announcement is scheduled Tuesday on the future administration of the Camden Roman Catholic Diocese.
Camden bishop reportedly to retire.
Saxo Bank, the online multi-asset trading and investment specialist, has today launched new charts on SaxoTrader and SaxoWebTrader with enhanced functionalities.
Saxo Bank has today launched new charts on SaxoTrader.
JAPAN has launched two intelligence satellites into orbit amid growing concerns that North Korea is planning to test more rockets of its own and possibly conduct a nuclear test.
JAPAN has launched two intelligence satellites.
Manitoba's wholesalers shipped out fewer goods last November than in the previous month, according to new figures released today.
Manitoba's wholesalers shipped out fewer goods.
British fashion designer Alexander McQueen was found dead in his London home on Thursday morning.
Alexander McQueen was found dead.
Luxury automobile makers BMW have designed a luxury ski gondola inspired by the brand's hugely popular 7-Series car.
BMW have designed a luxury ski gondola.
A Virginia man lost 79 pounds in six months by eating nearly every meal at McDonald's.
A Virginia man lost 79 pounds by eating nearly every meal at McDonald 's.
An apparently angry ex-girlfriend is spending her 24th birthday in jail after being accused of throwing water on her ex-boyfriend and his new girlfriend when she found them sleeping in the same bed.
An angry ex-girlfriend is spending her birthday in jail.
Developers of unauthorised holiday resorts in KwaZulu-Natal's World Heritage Site, the iSimangaliso Wetlands Park, have refused to demolish them.
Developers have refused to demolish.
A FAMOUS painting of a 17th century princess is returning more than 350 years after it first hung at Hampton Court Palace.
A painting is returning more than 350 years.
The Bloomsburg University softball team, ranked 16th in this week's national poll, swept IUP on Thursday by scores of 7-1 and 8-2.
The Bloomsburg University softball team, ranked, swept IUP.
Former Test umpire David Shepherd has died after a long battle with cancer, his former club Gloucestershire have confirmed.
Former Test umpire David Shepherd has died.
PETER Garcia's cellmate tried to poison him inside the Maximum Security Prison three weeks ago, his girlfriend, Crystal Bullock, said yesterday.
PETER Garcia's cellmate tried to poison.
Perry 2012 run likely, Iowa gov says New Jersey Nets point guard Deron Williams says on Twitter that he has officially signed with Turkey's Besiktas.
Deron Williams says he has signed with Turkey's Besiktas.
Samsung Electronics, the world's largest technology firm by revenue, raised the price of mobile processor supplied to Apple Inc. by 20% recently, Chosun Ilbo reported Monday, citing a person familiar with negotiations between the two tech giants.
Samsung Electronics raised the price of mobile processor supplied to Apple Inc. by 20%, Chosun Ilbo reported.
A new report says shark attacks declined in the US last year, but worldwide fatalities reached a two-decade high.
Shark attacks declined in the US.
The Oscar-winning actress Penelope Cruz has unveiled her star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
The actress Penelope Cruz has unveiled her star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Rutgers men's basketball coach Fred Hill announced today that Brian Okam has signed a National Letter of Intent to compete for the Scarlet Knights.
Brian Okam has signed a National Letter of Intent to compete for the Scarlet Knights.
SHOCKED villagers this week claimed a man had his toes and fingers hacked off in a brutal gangland machete attack at a Lanarkshire beauty spot.
Villagers this week claimed a man had his toes and fingers hacked off in a machete attack at a beauty spot.
An Alton doctor has had her license suspended for a year after investigators say she failed to notify authorities about suspected abuse of one of her young patients who later died at the hands of his abusive father.
An Alton doctor has had her license suspended.
A Metro Nashville police officer has been shot by a motorist who he stopped.
A Metro Nashville police officer has been shot by a motorist.
Wilkins, who had endorsed Perry earlier in the campaign season, said that he would now back former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney.
Wilkins, who had endorsed, said he would back Mitt Romney.
Mbabane Swallows were crowned Swaziland champions at the Somhlolo National Stadium after collected the win they needed to beat Royal Leopard to the title.
Mbabane Swallows were crowned champions.
CBio will merge with US-based drug discovery company Inverseon, to form a new clinical-stage biotech focused on anti-inflammatory diseases.
CBio will merge with Inverseon.
Steelers G Kendall Simmons had his ruptured Achilles repaired Tuesday and faces eight months of recovery time.
Kendall Simmons had his Achilles repaired Tuesday.
World Health Organization officials announced last Friday that famine-stricken Somalia faces a cholera epidemic as dirty water and poor sanitation are leading to an increase in outbreaks of the disease.
Somalia faces a cholera epidemic.
THE FUNERAL OF former IRA prisoner Dolours Price is to take place in west Belfast today.
THE FUNERAL OF Dolours Price is to take place in Belfast today.
US wholesale prices fell 0.1% in December, as the cost of gas and food declined, the government reported Wednesday.
US wholesale prices fell 0.1% in December.
Christine Beatty, the former chief of staff and mistress of Detroit ex-Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick whose relationship with the mayor led to his downfall, testified today before a federal grand jury investigating City Hall corruption.
Christine Beatty testified before a federal grand jury.
Sudha Singh improved her three-year old meet mark in women's 3000m steeplechase en route to winning a gold on the third day of the Federation Cup Senior Athletics Championship here today.
Sudha Singh improved her meet mark in women's steeplechase.
Typhoon Tembin swept across southern Taiwan Friday, toppling trees and ripping off rooftops after thousands of people were evacuated to avoid a repeat of a deadly storm three years ago.
Typhoon Tembin swept across Taiwan.
East Carolina's Skip Holtz will replace fired coach Jim Leavitt in South Florida and an official annoncement is expected to be make soon.
East Carolina's Skip Holtz will replace fired Jim Leavitt in South Florida.
Anthony Pellicano, a private investigator whose client list once included many Hollywood stars, was sentenced on Monday to 15 years in prison for his role in an illegal wiretapping enterprise.
Anthony Pellicano was sentenced to 15 years in prison.
Security forces conducted search and clearance operation in Mandech and destroyed two terrorist hideouts alongwith large number of ammunition and IEDs during the ongoing Rah-e-Nijat operation in South Waziristan in the last 24 hours.
Security forces conducted and destroyed two terrorist hideouts.
Commercial motorists in Lagos on Sunday blamed government agencies for the hike in transport fares this Christmas.
Motorists blamed government agencies for the hike in fares.
A Halesowen man groomed a schoolgirl he met in an internet chat-room before travelling to the North-East and booking a hotel for sex sessions.
A Halesowen man groomed a schoolgirl.
Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman Vince Cable has today attacked so-called ``billionaire tax dodgers'' who he believes are attempting to influence the Conservative party and future UK government policies.
Vince Cable has today attacked billionaire tax dodgers.
China has said it is aiming for a big boost in energy efficiency by cutting carbon dioxide emissions per unit of gross domestic product by up to 45% by 2020.
China is aiming for a boost in energy efficiency.
Former Colombian hostage Ingrid Betancourt has met with Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez as part of her efforts to gain support from Latin American leaders for the release of Colombia's rebel-held hostages.
Former Colombian hostage Ingrid Betancourt has met with Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez.
Belgium's King Albert II has accepted the resignation of Prime Minister Yves Leterme, who moved to resign last week after his ruling coalition collapsed amid a long-running row between Flemish- and French-speaking parties.
Belgium's King Albert II has accepted the resignation of Prime Minister Yves Leterme.
ANDY Murray crashed out of the French Open today following a defeat by Spanish champion Rafael Nadal.
ANDY Murray crashed out of the French Open.
Tens of millions of caterpillars, also known as army worms, have affected more than 53 towns and villages in northern Liberia , contaminating water supplies and destroying crops, according to media reports.
Tens of millions of caterpillars have affected, contaminating water supplies.
Richard Heene, who orchestrated the Balloon Boy hoax that transfixed the nation in October, was sentenced this morning to 90 days in jail and four years probation.
Richard Heene orchestrated the hoax that the nation, was sentenced to 90 days in jail and probation.
A MASSIVE whale that beached itself in Cornwall will have to be destroyed, according to police.
A MASSIVE whale that beached in Cornwall will have to be destroyed.
KENNY DALGLISH praised his side's collective performance after Liverpool FC continued their strong start to the season with victory over Bolton Wanderers at Anfield.
KENNY DALGLISH praised after Liverpool FC continued with victory over Bolton Wanderers.
The pace of fatal heroin and Oxycontin overdoses has dramatically slowed in Massachusetts.
The pace of fatal heroin and Oxycontin overdoses has slowed.
The Tripura government today launched a special employment guarantee scheme, designed on the lines of the National Rural Employment Guarantee Act, for the urban poor.
The Tripura government today launched a employment guarantee scheme for the urban poor.
This is a question that needs answering; do you think RIM is dying a slow death in the smartphone market?
RIM is dying a slow death in the smartphone market.
Kym Marsh has admitted that she and her former Hear'Say bandmate Myleene Klass did not speak for years after she quit the band.
Kym Marsh and her bandmate Myleene Klass did not speak for years.
The Indian rupee on Tuesday depreciated by 22 paise to 48.02 against the US dollar in early trade on expectations of more capital outflows and dollar demand from importers.
The rupee depreciated by 22 paise.
Australian researchers have said that ancient refuges could be the key to saving the country's unique biodiversity under threat from climate change.
Ancient refuges could be the key to saving the country's biodiversity under threat from climate change.
Already grappling with weak profits and global economic turmoil, 15 major banks were hit with credit downgrades Thursday that could do more damage to their bottom lines and further unsettle equity markets.
15 major banks were hit with credit downgrades.
``I had thought I would give the prize money for charity but by leaving 'Bigg Boss' also I have done charity. By leaving the show myself, I have given others a chance to win the show. I had even requested 'Bigg Boss' to avoid the nomination that took place on Monday's episode but in vain,'' Rahul told IANS over phone from Lonavala.
I had thought but by leaving Bigg Boss I have done charity.
It pays to be a thief in Canada -- unless you are caught red-handed.
It pays to be a thief in Canada.
EAST LANSING, Mich. Branden Dawsen scored 15 points and grabbed nine rebounds in his first action for Michigan State, which beat Ferris State 85-58 in an exhibition opener Sunday.
Michigan State beat Ferris State 85 58 in an exhibition opener.
Hollywog, a local company that manufactures pain management devices such as the WiTouch and WiTouch Pro, has won the Red Dot Award for product design.
Hollywog has won the Red Dot Award for product design.
She always livens up red carpets and award ceremonies with her bold, funky and fashion-forward style and now, aged 10, Willow Smith has been named by a top designer as an American fashion icon.
Willow Smith has been named as an fashion icon.
The Atlanta Thrashers have recalled forward Spencer Machacek from the Chicago Wolves of the American Hockey League, according to Executive Vice President and General Manager Don Waddell.
The Atlanta Thrashers have recalled forward Spencer Machacek.
Two Israeli Arabs, along with a Ukrainian citizen, were sentenced to life in prison in Egypt on Monday.
Two Israeli Arabs were sentenced to life in prison in Egypt.
New York Governor David Paterson plans to discuss relocating a proposed Muslim cultural center and mosque to a less emotionally charged location farther from New York City's ``Ground Zero'' site of the September 11 attacks.
New York Governor David Paterson plans to discuss relocating a Muslim center.
Lawyers staged a protest rally in Quetta on Monday for the eighth consecutive day in condemnation of the abductions of judges and lawyers in the province.
Lawyers staged a protest rally for the eighth consecutive day.
Westpac Adelaide jobs may go offshore Updated: 07:07, Wednesday February 13, 2013 Westpac is in the firing line over the possible offshoring of up to 90 Adelaide jobs, with one federal Labor MP saying workers 'worst fears have come true'.
Westpac Adelaide jobs may go offshore Updated.
French actor Gerard Depardieu has been accused of assault and battery following an alleged altercation with a motorist in Paris.
Gerard Depardieu has been accused of assault.
Nissan want to sell Datsun for $3000 Updated: 11:43, Wednesday October 3, 2012 Nissan wants to relaunch the Datsun brand and sell the cars for as little as $3000, but not in Australia.
Nissan want to sell Datsun for $ 3000.
Starbucks acquired Bay Bread LLC for $100 million cash.
Starbucks acquired Bay Bread LLC.
US-based travel services provider Expedia on Thursday started its India operations targeted at outbound tourists in the 1.75 billion-dollar online travel market.
Expedia started its India operations.
A Forestport man has pleaded not guilty to a second degree murder charge in the death of his wife.
A Forestport man has pleaded not guilty to a murder charge.
Beck, who signed a one-year contract Baltimore announced Monday, played five games in two seasons with Miami.
Beck, who signed a contract Baltimore announced, played.
Chemicals found dumped near a Shropshire airfield were potentially toxic, it was revealed today.
Chemicals found dumped near a Shropshire airfield were toxic.
MINNESOTA Vikings quarterback Brett Favre, hoping to lead his team to a Super Bowl, said on Wednesday he would return to the National Football League for one more season.
Brett Favre would return for one more season.
Edin Dzeko scored four times as Manchester City demolished Tottenham 5-1 at White Hart Lane on Sunday to underline their credentials as serious challengers for the Premier League title.
Edin Dzeko scored as Manchester City demolished Tottenham 5 1.
A man checking out of a room at the Econo Lodge at 1101 Dual Highway Thursday night pointed a gun at a motel employee, a Hagerstown Police Department spokesman said.
A man pointed a gun at a motel employee.
Guess jewellery will launch in H Samuel this Autumn with a wide collection of jewellery, including two new exclusive pieces.
Guess jewellery will launch in H Samuel.
The value of building permits issued by municipalities rose 11.9 per cent to $6.3-billion in October after three straight monthly decreases.
The value of building permits rose in October.
In addition, non-recyclable plastic bags will banned in Mandalay and violators will be punished.
Non-recyclable plastic bags will banned in Mandalay.
A parolee under strict supervision shot and killed 3 people Saturday night before being shot and killed himself.
A parolee shot and killed 3 people.
Rahul Dravid once again showed his class with the bat against Deccan and I would like to see him open the batting with Kevin Pietersen.
Rahul Dravid open the batting.
Volkswagen has unveiled the new Sharan, which features twin sliding doors, a seven seat configuration and a range of petrol and diesel engines.
Volkswagen has unveiled the new Sharan.
Nevada lawmakers will review a bill today aimed at better preparing high school students for college and the workplace.
Lawmakers will review a bill aimed at preparing students for college and the workplace.
Three months after surgery to strengthen the patella tendon in his left knee, Jets quarterback Mark Sanchez began running again on a treadmill on Thursday at USC, according to an NFL Network report that has circulated widely.
Mark Sanchez began running again.
Susquehanna Bancshares Inc. is warning state officials that it could lay off as many as 35 employees at Maryland locations starting in mid-February, but it hopes workers in disappearing jobs will be able to switch to other positions in the company.
Susquehanna Bancshares Inc. could lay off as many as 35 employees.
Sen. Chuck Schumer received an intricately carved ``lump of coal'' from fellow Sen. Joe Manchin in a ``Secret Santa'' exchange.
Chuck Schumer received an lump of coal from Joe Manchin in a Secret Santa exchange.
The House has impeached a federal judge from Texas for lying about the sexual assaults of two women.
The House has impeached a federal judge from Texas.
Philippine share prices closed 0.85 percent lower Monday as investors took profits from recent gains, dealers said.
Share prices closed 0.85 percent lower.
Chace Crawford is reportedly dating Twilight star Ashley Greene -- the pair was snapped making out early Monday morning.
Chace Crawford is dating Ashley Greene.
While still waiting for a formal announcment, IGN have gotten the inside scoop and revealed that WWE Smackdown vs. Raw 2009 has indeed been made official, and will include a bucket-load of new features to sink your teeth into.
WWE Smackdown vs. Raw 2009 has been made official.
Rail link construction dispute no nearer resolution 09 October 2009 The construction dispute about the scrapping of the Glasgow AirportRail Link is no nearer resolution after figures used as justification for cancelling the scheme were called into question.
Rail link construction dispute nearer resolution 09 were called.
Ukrainian premier Yulia Timoshenko and US President George Bush, now on a state visit here, discussed diversification of gas supplies to Ukraine ``through direct contracts with Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan'', first vice-premier Turchinov told reporters on Tuesday.
Yulia Timoshenko and George Bush discussed diversification of gas supplies to Ukraine.
Fort Worth-based home builder DR Horton posted a profit in its first fiscal quarter as more buyers came to the new-home market, including those who were once hunting for distressed properties, the company said Friday.
DR Horton posted a profit in its first fiscal quarter.
Huw Jenkins has released a statement about Darren Pratley on the Official Site, and says that Pratley doesn't want to continue contract talks with Swansea City according to his agent.
Pratley doesn't want to continue contract talks.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banarjee has denied the charges in which it has been alleged about beating up the prime minister.
Mamata Banarjee has denied the charges about beating up the prime minister.
Special boxes for citizens' complaints were placed at the Border Checkpoints and in every Office of the Border Police of Georgia to reveal border guards' breach of duty.
Special boxes were placed at the Border Checkpoints.
India agreed to raise its petrol and diesel prices by about 10 percent on Wednesday, more than expected, curbing losses at its state-owned refiners but stoking inflation and risking a political backlash.
India agreed to raise its petrol and diesel prices.
Two Lowcountry businesses are competing for Department of Defense contracts worth nearly $159 million total, according to a news release.
Two Lowcountry businesses are competing for Department of Defense contracts.
Shares in Greek banks have fallen up to 30% after plans to merge two of them were called off on fears the new entity would be too big to manage, BBC News reported.
Shares in Greek banks have fallen up to 30%.
Colton Harris-Moore, the so-called ``Barefoot Bandit,'' pleaded not guilty in a Seattle courtroom Thursday to five federal charges, including transporting a stolen aircraft, transporting a stolen firearm and flying a plane without a license.
Colton Harris-Moore pleaded not guilty.
An elephant named Sambo stomped its 54-year-old owner to death and fled into the jungle in Kampong Speu province's Mon village, prompting the owner's family to intervene with authorties to catch the angry beast and remove it to a zoo.
An elephant stomped its owner to death.
Karlheinz Schreiber, the German-Canadian businessman who is embroiled in a prolonged dispute with former prime minister Brian Mulroney, is once again free on bail.
Karlheinz Schreiber is free on bail.
Australian boxing champion and one time pop-star Lionel Rose will receive a State funeral from the Victorian Government.
Champion and Lionel Rose will receive a State funeral.
Kanye West made the ultimate festival fashion statement when he wore women's clothing at Coachella over the weekend.
Kanye West wore women's clothing at Coachella.
The body of an Indian, who died due to heart failure in Pakistan Occupied Kashmir while visiting his relatives there, was today handed over to Indian authorities at Chakan-Da-Bagh crossing point on Line of Control in Poonch district, officials said.
The body, who died in Pakistan Occupied Kashmir, was handed over to Indian authorities.
Republicans formally nominated Mitt Romney as their presidential candidate on Tuesday to face Democratic President Barack Obama in the November 6 election.
Republicans nominated Mitt Romney as their presidential candidate.
Taylor Swift, Demi Lovato, Katy Perry and Shakira make their moves on the Hot 100 this week, while the Black Eyed Peas and Jason Mraz set new milestones.
Taylor Swift, Demi Lovato, Katy Perry and Shakira make their moves on the Hot 100.
BJP leaders Sushil Modi and Nand Kishor Yadav refused to meet CM Nitish Kumar over the issue of alliance.
BJP leaders refused to meet Nitish Kumar.
and then tried to cover it up -- has said his family is ``facing down the barrel of a gun''.
His family is facing down the barrel of a gun.
Despite all their best efforts Hemel Hempstead Town FC have been relegated from the Southern Premier League.
Hemel Hempstead Town FC have been relegated.
US online job ads rose by 204,300 in April for a total of about 5.1 million, according to The Conference Board's report on online jobs ads released today.
Online job ads rose in April.
Dartmouth College has severed ties with a campus pharmacist accused of improperly diverting painkillers.
Dartmouth College has severed ties with a campus pharmacist.
Hugh Jackman took his wife and children to visit Nicole Kidman and her new baby Sunday Rose in Sydney, Australia, yesterday.
Hugh Jackman took to visit Nicole Kidman in Sydney, Australia.
``You need to have a strong stomach in this job,'' says senior environmental health officer Mark Coleman.
You need to have a strong stomach.
Quadruple stage winner Mark Cavendish has pulled out of the Tour de France prior to the 15th stage, the first of three days in the Alps, according to his Colombian team.
Mark Cavendish has pulled out of the Tour de France.
EXCLUSIVE North Indian restaurant, Red Fort opened its doors for the first time on Saturday.
Red Fort opened its doors.
Police are investigating two suspicious fires that occurred minutes apart and blocks away from each other early yesterday morning.
Police are investigating two suspicious fires that occurred minutes apart and blocks away.
An atheist group's billboard near the entrance to the Lincoln Tunnel in New Jersey calls Christmas a myth.
An atheist group's billboard calls Christmas a myth.
Velvet Ice Cream, based in Utica, will sponsor the Pelotonia grand opening Friday at Chemical Abstracts Service, 2540 Olentangy River Road, Columbus.
Velvet Ice Cream will sponsor the Pelotonia opening.
A 30-year-old Massena man was arrested Monday and charged with exposing himself to a woman in July.
A Massena man was arrested and charged with exposing himself.
Gazprom looks set to slash planned spending in 2009 by more than 17% because of the global financial crisis -- although the cut is much less than the 30% it was talking about earlier this year (IOD Jun...
Gazprom looks set to slash spending.
A southern Oregon woman has divorced the man she is accused of shooting in the chest.
A Oregon woman has divorced the man she is accused of shooting.
Carlos Tevez was offside when he scored his first goal vs Mexico yesterday.
Carlos Tevez was offside.
A NORTH Lincolnshire primary school has received the highest accolade from the Government's education watchdog.
A primary school has received the highest accolade from the Government's education watchdog.
Now we are taking CEM to the next level of performance, bringing together telco-IT-web capabilities in a turbocharged CEM 2.0.
We are taking CEM to the next level of performance.
Prince William has a ``secret pact'' with Kate Middleton which will keep them apart for the next year -- but could see them marrying.
Prince William has a secret pact with Kate Middleton.
Gold failed to make much headway yesterday, trading between a narrow range of $1312-$1320.
Gold failed to make much headway yesterday.
Timely and consistent implementation of Basel III norms, aimed at bolstering the resilience of banks, is essential to ensure a stable global banking system, a report prepared for the G-20 leaders said on Monday.
Implementation of Basel III norms is essential to ensure a stable global banking system.
There have been rumors going around that the Sri Lankan military used chemical weapons yesterday in its battle against the LTTE.
There have been rumors going the Sri Lankan military used chemical weapons.
Writer 2 hours, 12 minutes ago Imprisoned quarterback Michael Vick filed for bankruptcy protection while serving time for federal dogfighting charges, saying he owes between $10 million and $50 million to creditors.
Hours, Michael Vick filed for bankruptcy protection.
Treasuries fell before The Federal Reserve releases minutes of its January meeting where policy makers voted to continue with the $600 billion debt-buying plan to bolster the economy.
Treasuries fell before The Federal Reserve releases minutes of its January meeting.
A Silver Alert has been issued for an 87-year-old Fort Lauderdale man who has been reported missing for the second time in a week.
A Silver Alert has been issued for an Fort Lauderdale man.
Government offices are to be closed Thursday and Friday in celebration of the Thanksgiving holiday.
Government offices are to be closed Thursday and Friday in celebration of the holiday.
The State Department of Military Affairs says flags will be lowered for a Wisconsin marine who was killed in Afghanistan.
Flags will be lowered for a Wisconsin marine who was killed in Afghanistan.
Walnut Creek officials will again consider extending parking meter pay hours at 600 spaces in downtown -- until 9 pm Monday through Saturday and Sunday from 9 am to 6 pm Metered parking currently is free after 6 pm and all day Sunday.
Walnut Creek officials will consider extending meter hours.
Cincinnati city officials want to go ahead with installing traffic cameras, despite opposition.
Cincinnati officials want to go with installing cameras.
Michael McCaul, R-Texas, and Patrick Kennedy, DR.I., on Friday introduced a bill that would exempt foreign students who receive Ph.D.'s from American universities from immigration limits.
A bill would exempt foreign students who receive from universities from immigration limits.
China set new price restrictions on some pain, fever and respiratory drugs, as leaders attempt to overhaul the country's health-care system and make medicines, including Western brands, more affordable.
China set price restrictions on some pain, and drugs.
In the German Bundesliga last season Champions VfL Wolfsburg, who are ninth currently, thrashed Hoffenheim 4-0 helped by two goals from Bosnia striker Edin Dzeko.
VfL Wolfsburg thrashed Hoffenheim 4 0.
Reuters reported that Anglo American hopes to begin construction of its USD 3 billion Quellaveco copper project in Peru soon and has won crucial community support for its water plan.
Anglo American hopes to begin construction of its copper project in Peru.
The Cedar Rapids city council just approved a budget that raises property taxes, utility rates and various fees.
The Cedar Rapids city council approved a budget.
Top US swimmer Ryan Lochte is sick with the runs, and has been for 48 hours, his dad told Access Hollywood Monday afternoon in Beijing.
US swimmer Ryan Lochte is sick with the runs.
84 Lumber Co. said Monday that it closed another 30 stores across the country, including store consolidations in eight core markets.
84 Lumber Co. closed another 30 stores.
Britain's Prince Philip, the husband of Queen Elizabeth II, left hospital on Saturday after five days of treatment for a bladder infection that sparked concerns for the 90-year-old's health.
Britain's Prince Philip, the husband, left hospital after five days.
A CRACK cocaine addict has been given one last chance to turn his life around after he was caught with stolen goods.
A CRACK addict has been given one last chance.
A man who authored a book on legally carrying handguns in Minnesota has been accused of bringing weapons into Minneapolis City Hall.
A man has been accused of bringing weapons into Minneapolis City Hall.
With precious metals dropping seemingly every day so far this year, the question on many investors' minds is whether gold and silver can sustain the rally witnessed on Friday.
Gold and silver can sustain the rally.
The United Nations Security Council has imposed sanctions on Eritrea, who it accuses of arming insurgents in Somalia and refusing to settle a border dispute with Djibouti.
The United Nations Security Council has imposed sanctions on Eritrea.
A coffeeshop worker was jailed 12 years by a High Court here yesterday for the manslaughter of a teenager seven years ago.
A coffeeshop worker was jailed 12 years for the manslaughter.
Several issues Thursday morning weighing on stocks:
Several issues weighing on stocks.
2/22/2008 8:54:32 AM Digital entertainment services company RealNetworks announced that it has acquired substantially all of the assets of Trymedia, a pioneer in Casual Games syndication, from Macrovision.
RealNetworks has acquired all of the assets of Trymedia from Macrovision.
Mehmet Okur will start for the Jazz on Saturday after missing the three previous games with a hamstring injury.
Mehmet Okur will start for the Jazz on Saturday.
North Korean leader Kim Jong Il on Sunday suffered a apoplectic stoke, the Japanese Kyodo news agency reported on Sunday, referring to sources in China.
Kim Jong Il suffered a stoke.
A pint will still be a pint in British pubs.
A pint will be a pint.
The Boys and Girls Club Silver Springs Unit is offering a program for kindergarteners, called Kinder Club.
The Boys and Girls Club Unit is offering, called Kinder Club.
Inauguration weekend has begun with President Obama's National Day of Service--a day of volunteer projects that he added to the 2009 inaugural schedule and hopes will become a presidential tradition.
Inauguration weekend has begun.
``G-8'' leaders refused proposal of Russian President on expanding composition of the body, Spokesman for Japanese Foreign Ministry told journalists, APA reports.
G-8 leaders refused proposal of Russian President on expanding composition of the body.
Boeing Co. may offer a tanker version of its 777 passenger jet in a new bid to win a $35 billion military contract to replace the Air Force's aging fleet of aerial refuelling planes, a company spokesman said Wednesday.
Boeing Co. may offer a tanker version of its 777 jet in a bid.
This week, Stephen Covey poured salt into the would of major publishing houses by signing an exclusive eBook deal with Amazon.com for his popular self-improvement and business book line.
Stephen Covey poured by signing an exclusive eBook deal with Amazon.com.
A FORMER New South Wales government minister told a teenage boy he was a bisexual and had homosexual relations with men in the back room of his electorate office, a court has been told.
A minister told a boy he was a bisexual.
Peter Facinelli is splitting with his wife of 11 years.
Peter Facinelli is splitting with his wife.
Oil fell below $42 a barrel on Monday, in a retreat from session highs achieved earlier partly in response to a weak US dollar and comments from Saudi Arabia that OPEC supply cuts will stabilise the market.
Oil fell below $ 42.
Dole Foods is withdrawing a defamation lawsuit against a Swedish filmmaker after complaints in Sweden that it was trying to limit free speech, the company said Thursday.
Dole Foods is withdrawing a lawsuit against a Swedish filmmaker.
Andrew Goudelock scored 22 of his 27 points in the second half and College of Charleston held off Georgia Southern 65-61 on Wednesday night to sweep the series.
Andrew Goudelock scored 22 of his 27 points and College of Charleston held off Georgia Southern 65 61.
Washington, Jun 2 Noting that its patience is``not finite'', the US has said it is closely watching North Korea and that the UN Security Council will come up with``tough measures''against the country, which recently conducted a powerful nuclear test for the second time.
The US is closely watching North Korea.
As part of its ongoing 75th birthday celebration, the UC Davis Arboretum will host a second fall plant sale today.
The UC Davis Arboretum will host a fall plant sale today.
Salsa star Gilberto Santa Rosa is heading to the New York stage to make his Broadway debut in a musical featuring some of his biggest hits.
Gilberto Santa Rosa is heading to make his Broadway debut in a musical.
Azerbaijan, Baku, 4 April /TrendCapital/ On 5 April, the Qafqaz University will hold the first round of the republican informatics competition amongst university students, the Azerbaijani Communications and IT Ministry reported.
Azerbaijan, Baku, the Qafqaz University will hold the first round of the republican informatics competition amongst university students.
CAPA \u003e Aviation Analysis \u003e Why don't women run airlines?
Why don't women run airlines.
Sahara group chief Subrata Roy and three other top executives on Wednesday appeared before market regulator Sebi, which had summoned them in the high-profile case involving refund of an estimated Rs 24,000 crore to over three crore investors.
Sahara chief Subrata Roy appeared before market regulator Sebi.
Barclays yesterday moved to head off a shareholder protest on executive pay by making a concession on bonuses, writes Simon Bain.
Barclays yesterday moved to head off a protest on executive pay.
Wall Street is poised for a moderately higher opening ahead of major retailers announcing March sales and a weekly unemployment report.
Wall Street is poised for a moderately higher opening.
Goldman Sachs has invested $450m in Facebook in a transaction that values the social network at $50bn.
Goldman Sachs has invested $ 450m in Facebook.
Sevilla FC, last years race winner during the Superleague Formula race of Donington, returns to the Superleague Formula series.
Sevilla FC returns to the Superleague Formula series.
Tahawwur Rana, one of the main suspects in 2008 Mumbai terror attacks is sentenced to 14 years of jail for providing support to proscribed group Lashkar-e-Taiba.
Tahawwur Rana, is sentenced to 14 years of jail.
The Western Australian business community is mourning the death of former high profile businessman Kevin Parry who was killed in a car accident on Friday.
The business community is mourning the death of Kevin Parry.
A Wagner woman recently pleaded not guilty to concealing a person from arrest.
A woman pleaded not guilty to concealing.
British Airways subsidiary BA Openskies is to join Oneworld as an affiliate member from December 1.
BA Openskies is to join Oneworld as an affiliate member.
Jubilee takes over Senate as Ethuro, Gitura win Watch KTN Streaming LIVE from Kenya 24/7 on http://www.ktnkenya.tv
Jubilee takes over Senate as Ethuro, Gitura win Watch KTN Streaming.
Heavy snowfall has closed US 60 between Superior and Miami in south-central Arizona.
Snowfall has closed US 60 between Superior and Miami.
Ireland recorded the highest GDP growth rate in the EU during the first quarter of 2010, a new report said today.
Ireland recorded the highest GDP growth rate in the EU.
Pakistan's beleaguered President Asif Ali Zardari was ready to resign and call an early general elections if parties in the ruling coalition wanted him to take such a step, according to a media report on Wednesday.
Asif Ali Zardari was ready to resign and call an early elections.
AJ Allmendinger in a statement released by his agent indicates his ``A'' sample tested positive for a Stimulant.
AJ Allmendinger indicates his sample tested positive for a Stimulant.
A local woman was burglarized in her own driveway, while she stood just feet away.
A local woman was burglarized in her driveway.
Alan Alda, award-winning actor and visiting professor at the Center for Communicating Science at Stony Brook University, talks about his experiences with communicating science to the general public.
Alan Alda, actor, talks with communicating science.
Transport and Communication Ministry reports that as of 17:00pm the interstate and republican roads are mainly passable.
The roads are mainly passable.
Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee President Capt Amarinder Singh today said, the election might be advanced in Punjab by a few months as there were strong indications about it.
The election might be advanced in Punjab.
Russia will send a team of experts to South Korea to study the results of an international probe into the sinking of one of Seoul's warships, allegedly by North Korea, the Kremlin said on Wednesday.
Russia will send a team of experts to South Korea.
Britain did not want the Lockerbie bomber to die in a Scottish prison, Britain's foreign secretary acknowledged Wednesday, as Scotland's parliament resumed debate on the decision to free the terminally ill Libyan and let him die at home.
Britain did not want the Lockerbie bomber to die in a prison.
A South Dakota man sentenced to life in prison for causing the death of his infant son plans to appeal his murder conviction.
A South Dakota man plans to appeal his murder conviction.
Becker pleaded guilty to two of the eight charges against him.
Becker pleaded guilty.
Every domestic murder in England and Wales will now be automatically reviewed to ensure lessons are learned.
Every domestic murder will be reviewed.
Russia is not seeking to undermine NATO by proposing a new European security system, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Tuesday.
Russia is not seeking to undermine NATO.
Three people in Geneseo were hospitalized last night for possible carbon monoxide poisoning.
Three people were hospitalized for possible carbon monoxide poisoning.
If you ask me, ``who should lead the autism rights movement?'' the answer is simple.
Who should lead the autism rights movement.
Two Montana men pleaded not guilty Thursday to six felony drug charges in a Belle Fourche courtroom.
Two Montana men pleaded not guilty to six drug charges.
A Somali pirate who attacked a US-flagged ship off the coast of Africa in 2009 has been sentenced to more than 33 years in prison.
A Somali pirate has been sentenced to more than 33 years in prison.
In this video image taken from Japan's NHK TV, an oil refinery burns in Ichihara, Chiba Prefecture Japan Friday March 11, 2011 following a massive earth quake.
An oil refinery burns.
A Bethlehem man was charged Saturday with swinging at an Allentown police officer who was arresting him for allegedly driving under the influence.
A Bethlehem man was charged with swinging at an police officer.
The 14th annual Kingston Volunteer Firemen's 5-mile and 5K road races are set for Saturday starting at 8 am at the Kingston Fire Station at 148 Main St. There will also be a 5-mile health walk.
The Kingston Volunteer Firemen's road races are set for Saturday starting.
European shares edged higher on Thursday ahead of a key European Central Bank meeting, which traders say must result in fresh stimulus measures to fight the region's sovereign debt crisis if equity markets are to avoid a sharp retreat.
European shares edged ahead of a key European Central Bank meeting.
Kelsey Grammer is heading back to TV in a new show directed by ``Milk'' moviemaker Gus Van Sant.
Kelsey Grammer is heading back to TV.
Research in Motion has announced that they are now going to sell unlocked Blackberry smartphones in the Indian market.
Research in Motion are going to sell unlocked Blackberry smartphones in the Indian market.
Turkey and Iran signed cooperation agreements against illicit drug trafficking, organized crimes and on fight against terrorism on Thursday.
Turkey and Iran signed cooperation agreements.
The city of Hoover will get $400,000 in federal stimulus money for a landscaping and beautification project at the Interstate 65 and US 31 interchange, city officials learned this week.
The city of Hoover will get $ 400,000 in federal stimulus money for a landscaping project.
Honda is using $94 million to add jobs in Alabama as production is cut across to country with parts and supplies dwindling from Japan.
Honda is using $ 94 million to add jobs in Alabama.
A software firm could create up to 200 jobs at a new Scottish operation, the company has said.
A software firm could create up to 200 jobs.
Centerline Capital Group, a provider of real estate financial and asset management services for affordable and conventional multifamily housing, and a subsidiary of Centerline Holding Company , announced today it has provided a $5.7 million Fannie Mae loan to facilitate the acquisition of a multifamily property located in Bedford, Texas.
Centerline Capital Group, a provider it has provided to facilitate the acquisition of a multifamily property located in Bedford, Texas.
John Deere India, a subsidiary of US-based Deere \u0026 Company and a leading manufacturer of agricultural tractors, has introduced its 'smart' tractor, 60-HP tractor model 5060E for the India market.
John Deere India has introduced its smart tractor, 5060E for the India market.
Cincinnati Police and Cincinnati Public Schools officials held a press conference Tuesday morning to announce an anti-bullying art contest.
Cincinnati Police officials held to announce an anti-bullying art contest.
The Fair Labor Association today announced that Apple will join the FLA as a Participating Company, effective immediately.
Apple will join the FLA.
A child rapist who recently served nine months in jail for violating his probation is now living as a transient in Spokane County.
A child rapist is living as a transient in Spokane County.
A former eastern Kentucky rest home administrator has pleaded guilty to charges involving funds that were supposed to be used for resident care.
A former rest home administrator has pleaded guilty.
Two men face dozens of larceny charges for a series of air conditioner thefts across Wake County.
Two men face dozens of charges for a series of air conditioner thefts.
Downer wins $570m mining contract Updated: 10:53, Monday February 6, 2012 Engineering firm Downer EDI has won a $570 million contract to provide services at the Karara iron ore project in Western Australia.
Downer wins $ 570m mining contract.
Barnsley manager Mark Robins was left feeling ``flat'' after a 1-1 home draw against Derby he admitted felt more like a defeat.
Mark Robins was left feeling flat after a draw.
An elephant kept in Franklin Zoo, New Zealand, has trampled a zookeeper to death in its enclosure.
An elephant has trampled a zookeeper to death.
We asked Petside's Advisory Board members what it means to put a pet in your will.
It means to put a pet in your will.
Decision Resources, one of the world's leading research and advisory firms for pharmaceutical and healthcare issues, forecasts that biosimilar insulins and insulin analogues stand to erode $6.1 billion in brand sales in the US and Europe by 2018, saving healthcare systems $3.8 billion in the process.
Biosimilar insulins and insulin analogues stand to erode $ 6.1 billion in brand sales in the US and Europe by 2018.
Rupee on Tuesday fell sharply by 30 paise to close at 45.74/75 against the greenback due to steep fall in equity markets despite late dollar buying by oil refiners.
Rupee fell by 30 paise to close despite dollar.
Matiwane Manana Art Foundation's Khethabahle Mthethwa said Mbongeni Ngema, who is one of the guests at the reception, would be arriving in the country on Friday.
Mbongeni Ngema would be arriving on Friday.
HP is buying Palm for $1.2 billion, a move which logically keeps HP toe-to-toe in its competition with Dell and other players at a time when virtually every leading PC manufacturer has concluded it must compete in the smartphone market, while virtually every smartphone manufacturer is thinking it must compete in the market for tablet devices of one sort or another.
HP is buying Palm.
Hip-hop superstar TI was released from a federal prison in Arkansas recently after serving seven months of his oneyear sentence for a felony weapons conviction.
TI was released from a federal prison.
The British economy is past the worst in terms of rates of decline, it has been claimed.
The economy is past the worst.
Houston-based National Oilwell Varco has obtained a US$3 billion credit facility to assist in its purchase of Houston-based drill pipe supplier Grant Prideco.
National Oilwell Varco has obtained a $ 3 billion credit facility.
Then Jerico returns to the stage in September with dates in Newcastle, Glascow, Liverpool, Sheffield, Birmingham, Bristol, Oxford ending in London on the 29th.
Then Jerico returns.
Kathmandu, Jan 11 A maverick Maoist minister who triggered a row over Nepal's revered Pashupatinath shrine is now poised to create another controversy with his statement that every Nepali should carry a gun, apparently to fight India and the US.
Every Nepali should carry a gun.
Despite saying that he's okay physically, Sam Cassell admitted on Sunday that he isn't enjoying himself, as the Clippers continue to lose games.
Sam Cassell isn't enjoying himself.
President Obama set up a long battle with Republicans yesterday when he unveiled an almost $4 trillion budget that raises taxes, cuts military spending and increases the national deficit to its highest level since the Second World War.
Obama set up he unveiled an almost $ 4 trillion budget.
Croatian tennis players Mario Ancic has reached the ATP quarterfinals in Stockholm by defeating Belgian Steve Darcis by a score of 7:6, 6:4 in a second-round match.
Mario Ancic has reached the ATP quarterfinals in Stockholm.
``What's liberating about Islam is that one is spared from having to think.''
What's liberating about Islam is.
By harry68 82-year-old actor Jim Nabors, best known for his role as Gomer Pyle in ``The Andy Griffith Show'', has married his male partner of many years, and maintains their marriage does not change the dynamic of their relationship.
By Jim Nabors has married his partner.
Clear Channel Communications said Tuesday it will cut 1,850 jobs, or 9 percent of its work force, nationwide, but none of those will be in Green Bay.
Clear Channel Communications will cut 1,850 jobs.
The Australian bond market closed firmer as equities slid while China's central bank set a stronger yuan exchange rate.
The bond market closed firmer as equities slid.
Police received a report Saturday of a possible gunshot fired through a window last week.
Police received a report of a possible gunshot fired through a window.
Crews are cleaning up a small liquid chemical spill at the Tesoro Refinery in Wilmington apparently caused by an underground pipeline break.
Crews are cleaning up a chemical spill at the Tesoro Refinery in Wilmington.
Erskine Bowles, co-founder of a campaign called Fix the Debt, said his group will unveil a bipartisan plan Thursday that would cut an additional $2.5 trillion from the federal budget in 10 years.
Erskine Bowles said his group will unveil a plan that would cut an $ trillion from the federal budget.
Traffic on Southwest Airlines and AirTran fell in January, which was a mixed month for the airline industry.
Traffic on Southwest Airlines and AirTran fell in January.
Shares of Utilities Select Sector SPDR Fund are trading very close to calculated resistance at $33.61 with the current price action closing at just $32.97 placing the stock near levels that make it difficult to buy.
Shares of Utilities Select Sector SPDR Fund are trading close to resistance.
Debra Messing, the Emmy winning-star of ``Will \u0026 Grace,'' is close to a deal to join a NBC musical pilot in a lead role, reports TVLine.com.
Debra Messing, the winning-star of Will \u0026 Grace, is close to a deal to join a NBC musical pilot.
Azerbaijani forces killed an Armenian soldier at the line of contact between the armed forces of Nagorno Karabakh and Azerbaijan, Press Service of the NKR Defense Ministry informs.
Azerbaijani forces killed an Armenian soldier.
Prosperity Bancshares, Inc.� , the parent company of Prosperity Bank�, declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.215 per share, an increase of 10.3% over the third quarter dividend of $0.195 per share, to holders of Prosperity's common stock.
Bancshares, �, the company of Prosperity Bank �, declared a quarterly cash dividend.
An Easton mother, accused of killing her 7-month-old child found floating in the bathtub last year, was charged Thursday with first-degree manslaughter.
An mother was charged with manslaughter.
It's come to light that two US power plants were hit by malware attacks in 2012, after employees used infected USB sticks.
Two US power plants were hit by malware attacks.
Why can't the city of Neenah keep the correct time on the Neenah clock tower?
Why can't the city keep the correct time on the Neenah clock tower.
Madhya Pradesh assembly's Congress opposition leader Ajay Singh said here on Wednesday that the comment made by MP State Industries Minister Kailash Vijaywargiya against Congress MP Meenakshi Natarajan only showed his base mentality.
The comment showed his mentality.
A MAN has been charged over a knifepoint robbery at a New Forest petrol station.
A MAN has been charged over a knifepoint robbery at a petrol station.
A 14-year-old boy Ellenbrook boy has been charged with assault after two men were attacked in Northbridge early Sunday morning, leaving one man with a fractured skull.
Boy has been charged after two men were attacked, leaving with a fractured skull.
One local war memorial was rededicated to the soldiers of the Vietnam War, our sister station WTHI reports.
One war memorial was rededicated.
The Federal Reserve -- the quasi-autonomous body that controls the US's money supply -- is a ``Ponzi scheme'' that created ``bubble after bubble'' in the US economy and needs to be held accountable for its actions, says Eliot Spitzer, the former governor and attorney-general of New York.
The Federal Reserve is a Ponzi scheme that created bubble after bubble.
SHOPPERS can make a difference to good causes in their community while picking up their weekly groceries.
SHOPPERS can make a difference.
Gay Byrne has helped to launch a generics campaign to coincide with a new law on affordable medicines.
Gay Byrne has helped to launch a generics campaign.
Nadine Coyle has admitted that she still feels too young to marry boyfriend Jason Bell.
Nadine Coyle feels too young to marry.
Livingston County Sheriff John York says he is retiring at the end of the year..
Livingston County Sheriff John York says he is retiring.
A Needham woman was scammed out of about $4,500 after a person pretending to be her grandson's friend called her on March 24 and said her grandson needed bail money after a drinking and driving arrest in Canada.
A Needham woman was scammed out of about $ 4,500.
A bus was hijacked in Durban on Friday morning and one hijacker is believed to have been shot by metro police.
A bus was hijacked in Durban.
British actress Emma Thompson decided to bring a pig on a leash for her world premiere of 'Nanny McPhee And The Big Bang' in London.
Emma Thompson decided to bring a pig for her premiere.
Chicago White Sox outplayed Houston Astros 5-1 at the Minute Maid Park in Houston, Texas on Tuesday, April 3 in their Grapefruit League encounter of the 2012 Major League Baseball Spring Training Session.
Chicago White Sox outplayed Houston Astros 5 1.
In a fresh fatwa, Islamic seminary Darul Uloom Deboand has said that Islam does not permit celebrating birthdays.
Islam does not permit celebrating birthdays.
A US Marine accused of raping a 14-year-old girl in southern Japan was arrested Monday, but the suspect denied the allegation, police said.
A US Marine accused of raping in Japan.
Bank workers swapped their desks for pitchforks and spent a day grafting at a popular Leicestershire beauty spot.
Bank workers swapped their desks for pitchforks.
As a responsible member of the international community, China is firmly committed to the path of peaceful development, an opening up strategy for win-win results and friendly cooperation with all countries on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence, former China's State Councillor Tang Jiaxuan said here Friday.
China is firmly committed to the path of peaceful development.
East Newark is making plans to redevelop the Passaic River waterfront between the borough's borders with Kearny and Harrison, The Jersey Journal reports.
East Newark is making plans to redevelop the Passaic River waterfront.
Donald Trump had strong words to say about the Miss USA pageant and former Miss Pennsylvania in an interview on ``Good Morning America'' on June 7, 2012.
Donald Trump had strong words to say about the pageant and former Miss Pennsylvania.
James Hardy has returned to practice after missing some time with a hamstring strain, according to Bills.com.
James Hardy has returned to practice.
KiwiRail is defending its decision to close the Gisborne to Napier line as ``robust'' following an independent review that found the line could still be viable.
KiwiRail is defending its decision to close to line.
Australian singer Dannii Minogue has quit The X Factor UK just days before the latest series is due to launch.
Dannii Minogue has quit The X Factor UK.
``I love a doomed love story,`` declared author Lauren Kate, who recently visited the Philippines to promote Torment, the second book in her bestselling young adult paranormal romance series, Fallen.
I love a doomed story.
Supertex has launched its new, advanced LED lamp driver ICs, the AT9932 and the AT9917, for automobile lighting applications such as panel backlights, indicator lights, headlights, dome lights and taillights.
Supertex has launched its, LED lamp ICs for automobile lighting applications.
Reliance Infrastructure today said it has commissioned a new 400-kv transmission line in Gujarat, making this the company's fifth functional line.
Reliance Infrastructure has commissioned a transmission line in Gujarat.
The family of a woman who died when she fell at home and hit her head said today they feared they would never really know what happened to her.
They would never know what happened.
US Sen. Russ Feingold is backing legislation to help boost venison donations to the hungry.
Russ Feingold is backing legislation to help boost venison donations.
Now Columbia researchers have found that under stressful conditions, neural stem cells in the adult hippocampus can produce not only neurons, but also new stem cells.
Neural stem cells in the adult hippocampus can produce, but also new stem cells.
JIMMY BULLARD has been suspended by Hull as they begin a probe into the player's conduct.
JIMMY BULLARD has been suspended by Hull.
President Obama will make a rare appearance in the White House press briefing room today where he'll do something even more unusual: take questions from the press.
Obama 'll do something : take questions from the press.
Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki warned Thursday that violence may increase because of the coming US withdrawal from cities and the next national elections, and he urged the country's security forces to remain vigilant as they take on additional responsibilities.
Nouri al-Maliki warned violence may increase.
INTERNET search giant Google has won its High Court appeal against Australia's competition watchdog over claims it engaged in misleading or deceptive advertising.
Google has won its High Court appeal.
A motorcyclist was killed in a collision in Butler County Thursday night.
A motorcyclist was killed in a collision.
Over 30 houses have been damaged in heavy rainfall in Sikkim and more than a hundred people relocated to safer places, official sources said today.
Over 30 houses have been damaged in heavy rainfall in Sikkim.
Huawei showcased 4x4 MIMO carrier aggregation solution for LTE TDD at the Huawei-hosted 2012 Global Analyst Summit in Shenzhen, China.
Huawei showcased 4x4 MIMO carrier aggregation solution for LTE TDD.
One group is calling on the governor for a statewide moratorium on fracking.
One group is calling for a statewide moratorium on fracking.
Web hosting provider Host Color has launched a custom blog service, it was announced recently.
Web hosting provider Host Color has launched a custom blog service.
Google Inc, developer of the Android mobile phone platform, plans to start a subscription music streaming service to challenge Spotify Ltd, two people with knowledge of the situation said.
Google Inc plans to start a music streaming service.
Maori Party MP Hone Harawira is being investigated by police after riding a motorcycle on Parliament's forecourt without wearing a helmet.
Hone Harawira is being investigated.
Elixir Technology, a Singapore-based provider of business intelligence solutions, and Netezza Corporation have entered into a new technology partner agreement.
Elixir Technology and Netezza Corporation have entered into a new technology partner agreement.
Trivalent inactivated influenza vaccine effectively prevents influenza in young children, including those younger than 2 years, according to the results of an observational cohort study embedded in a clinical trial of antiviral treatment of influenza in children, reported online November 22 in Lancet Infectious Diseases.
Trivalent inactivated influenza vaccine prevents influenza in children, including those younger than 2 years.
New Delhi, July 17 Actor Ashmit Patel is ready for his second innings in Bollywood after a hiatus of almost three years.
New Delhi, July 17 Ashmit Patel is ready for his second innings in Bollywood.
The St. Louis Cardinals lost to the New York Mets 2-6 in the third and last game of their three-match regular series encounter on Wednesday, September 5 at Busch Stadium in St. Louis.
The St. Louis Cardinals lost to the New York Mets 2 6.
The South African Petroleum Industry Association on Monday said the liquefied petroleum gas shortage should be resolved by December.
The gas shortage should be resolved by December.
NetApp Inc. said Wednesday afternoon that it swung to a profit for its third fiscal quarter thanks to a strong surge in sales for its data storage systems.
NetApp Inc. swung to a profit for its third quarter thanks.
Lady Gaga stunned drinkers at a pub - when she serenaded a pair of newlyweds.
Lady Gaga serenaded a pair of newlyweds.
An Angola construction company admitted underpaying 11 laborers on several road repair jobs in recent years and agreed to pay them $355,335.41.
An Angola company admitted underpaying 11 laborers.
Fire officials say a Kansas City, Kan., man has died in a house fire.
A man has died in a house fire.
Three persons, including two children, were charred to death when the autorickshaw parked near their house accidentally caught fire near Kannur on the outskirts of the city today, police said.
Three persons were charred to death.
Prime Minister Syed Yousaf Raza Gilani has said that there was no threat to the sovereignty of the country, adding that the people and political parties are ready to sacrifice everything for the defense, sovereignty and stability of Pakistan.
The people and political parties are ready to sacrifice everything for the defense, sovereignty and stability of Pakistan.
``I don`t know from where this news is coming. I am not styling Aishwarya for Cannes red carpet,'' Mukherjee told reporters.
I am not styling Aishwarya for Cannes red carpet.
Dylan McDermott has filed for divorce from his wife, Shiva Rose, after more than 12 years of marriage, court records show.
Dylan McDermott has filed for divorce from his wife, Shiva Rose.
Indian Congress MP and Chief of the Indian National Commission for Women, Dr Girija Vyas, arrived here on Friday on the invitation of Nepali Congress leader Bimlendra Nidhi.
Indian MP arrived.
Seven-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong cheated his way to the top of the cycling world through the most sophisticated doping programme ever seen in the sports world, the United States Anti-Doping Agency said on Wednesday.
Winner Lance Armstrong cheated his way to the top.
The St. Joseph County Metro Homicide Unit said the autopsy results for the two people found dead inside a St. Joseph County home were inconclusive.
The autopsy results for the two people found dead inside a St. Joseph County home were inconclusive.
A production issue at the NPG printing facility has postponed the delivery of Wednesday's St. Joseph News-Press.
A production issue has postponed the delivery.
American Floyd Mayweather Jr. will come out of retirement in July and take on Mexico's IBO world lightweight champion Juan Manuel Marquez in a non-title fight, the American said on Saturday.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. will come out of retirement in July.
Cisco plans to acquire Newton, Massachusetts-based ExtendMedia which provides software-based Content Management Systems that controls the entire lifecycle of video content through monetization for pay media and ad-supported business models.
Cisco plans to acquire, based ExtendMedia.
Sooners coach Bob Stoops said Thursday that Landry Jones will start for Bradford, who hasn't played since spraining the AC joint in his right, throwing shoulder the first week of the season.
Bradford hasn't played.
Shashi Tharoor who had to resign as Union minister in the wake of IPL controversy on Tuesday attended a meeting of the Rendezvous Sports World which owns the competition's latest team Kochi.
Shashi Tharoor attended a meeting of the Rendezvous Sports World.
Joe Jackson had 13 points and 12 rebounds to lead Memphis over Rice 77-51 Wednesday night.
Joe Jackson had to lead Memphis over Rice 77 51.
The Montreal Canadiens announced today that five players have been assigned to the AHL Hamilton Bulldogs.
Five players have been assigned to the Hamilton Bulldogs.
Texas Rangers manager Ron Washington tested positive for cocaine last July but has since completed a drug-treatment programme and will be retained by the team, the Rangers' website said on Wednesday.
Texas Rangers manager Ron Washington tested positive for cocaine.
A French lesbian nursery school teacher has been allowed to adopt a child following a 10-year legal battle.
A French lesbian teacher has been allowed to adopt a child.
Datuk Seri Shahrizat Abdul Jalil, who is vying for the post of Wanita Umno chief, is confident the delegates and grassroots are ready for renewal and change in the party's wing.
The delegates and grassroots are ready for renewal and change.
Chancellor University is among schools that support President Obama and Secretary of Education, Arne Duncan's, ``Know Before You Owe'' policy.
Chancellor University is among schools that support President Obama Know Before You Owe policy.
A 5-year-old Waterbury girl is in serious condition after going underwater at a Boys and Girls Club pool.
A girl is in serious condition after going underwater.
Nonprofit arts group AS220 has announced that it will open a new restaurant this Friday at its 115 Empire St. headquarters.
AS220 will open a new restaurant this Friday.
He has been approached to play legendry singer Kishore Kumar.
He has been approached to play Kishore Kumar.
New Zealand batsman Ross Taylor has made technical adjustments to his grip during a batting clinic held in Christchurch last week.
Ross Taylor has made adjustments to his grip.
This evening bFM radio host Mikey Havoc signed off for the last time, ending a 16 year association with the Auckland student radio station.
Mikey Havoc signed off for the last time.
Seyfried declares Hathaway admiration Updated: 14:02, Tuesday March 5, 2013 Amanda Seyfried has publicly declared her admiration for Anne Hathaway after the pair reportedly clashed over their Oscars dresses.
Seyfried declares Hathaway admiration.
Immedia Group, which provides radio and in-store media for retailers, has launched its first radio station dedicated to its own employees.
Immedia Group has launched its radio station dedicated to its employees.
Tehran - Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is to visit Afghanistan Wednesday, the Foreign Ministry in Tehran said Tuesday.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is to visit Afghanistan Wednesday.
John, who believes in sperm donation, also wants to donate his own sperms for social cause.
John, who believes, wants to donate his sperms.
The number of houses for rent has continued to rise according to new figures from the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors.
The number of houses for rent has continued to rise.
India is developing its first civilian aircraft, which would be a 70 to 90-seater plane catering to the regional aviation market, and a feasibility study is currently on, a top scientist said on Tuesday.
India is developing its first civilian aircraft.
The housing market is moving sideways and a full recovery is still years away, according to the latest Hometrack survey.
The housing market is moving sideways.
Rock County's unemployment rate dipped slightly in August, but the county remains Wisconsin's only metropolitan area in double digits.
Rock County's unemployment rate dipped slightly in August.
Jose ``Boom Bat'' Negrete is going to take the stand this afternoon in his own defense after mulling it over whether or not he should dispute the charges against him.
Negrete is going to take the stand in his own defense.
A 7-year-old girl was injured in a head-on collision just two miles south of Savannah, Mo., late Sunday, according to the Missouri State Highway Patrol.
A girl was injured in a head - on collision.
YouTube has acquired RightsFlow, a firm that deals in royalty payments for songwriters and music publishers.
YouTube has acquired RightsFlow.
St George Illawarra Dragons winger Jason Nightingale admits he's feeling no pressure ahead of the Four Nations tournament opener against Australia on Saturday.
Jason Nightingale's feeling no pressure.
In short, the EPA has agreed to set a legal limits on how much nutrient pollution can run off into Florida waterways.
The EPA has agreed to set a limits on nutrient pollution.
The Pittsburgh Penguins have recalled forward Connor James and defenseman Alex Goligoski from Wilkes-Barre/Scranton on an emergency basis, it was announced today by Executive Vice President/General Manager Ray Shero.
The Pittsburgh Penguins have recalled Connor James and Alex Goligoski from Wilkes-Barre / Scranton, it was announced.
Congressman Connie Mack announced today that he has officially filed for re-election and will continue to fight in Congress for the principles of less taxing, less spending, less government and more freedom.
He has filed for re-election.
Venture capitalist and United Football League founder Bill Hambrecht said Michael Vick deserves a second chance to play football after serving jail time on charges related to dogfighting.
Bill Hambrecht said Michael Vick deserves a second chance to play after serving jail time.
Publishing houses Random House and Penguin are to merge, with current owners Bertelsmann and Pearson respectively taking a 57/43% stake in the new joint venture.
Random House and Penguin are to merge.
THE states will be graded on avoidable hospital deaths, infection rates and out-of-pocket treatment costs under a national health overhaul.
THE states will be graded on hospital deaths.
General Motors is expected to announce today that it will begin repaying its debt to the United States next month, years earlier than required.
General Motors will begin repaying.
Transport Canada issued its latest recall notice Monday, affecting owners of vehicles made by Toyota, Lexus, Ford, Chevrolet, BMW, Dodge, Maserati, Mazda and Bentley.
Transport Canada issued its latest recall notice.
President Omar al-Bashir has long been accused of war crimes and crimes against humanity.
Omar al-Bashir has been accused of crimes and crimes against humanity.
Gavin Rees and Andy Murray comfortably made the weight ahead of their European lightweight title clash at the Motorpoint Arena in Cardiff tonight live on Sky Sports.
Gavin Rees and Andy Murray made the weight ahead of their European clash.
Former Rail minister Lalu Prasad Yadav celebrated Chhat Puja in Delhi.
Lalu Prasad Yadav celebrated Chhat Puja in Delhi.
Parliament in Thursday's special session overwhelmingly approved a proposal to extend parliament term from four to six years and referred the project to a special committee to study it within 60 days.
Parliament overwhelmingly approved a proposal to extend term.
A Georgia man has been sentenced to more than three years in prison for an immigration scheme in which he was convicted of taking a $100,000 bribe.
A Georgia man has been sentenced for an immigration scheme.
The Boston Bruins announced that they have promoted Don Sweeney to assistant general manager.
The Boston Bruins have promoted Don Sweeney to assistant general manager.
President Asif Ali Zardari on Wednesday conferred civil and military awards on outstanding individuals at an investiture ceremony held here at the Aiwan-e-Sadr.
Asif Ali Zardari conferred civil and military awards.
A stalker stabbed a college student on Medical Road in the capital's East Jurain yesterday.
A stalker stabbed a student.
MEL GIBSON has fled to his adopted Costa Rica with a mystery blonde to avoid the fuss caused by news of his divorce.
MEL GIBSON has fled to his Costa Rica.
A search of the home of Joey Henson, 55, on Johnson Road in London, led to his arrest Tuesday.
A search of the home, led to his arrest.
Fortinet has launched a new authorized training center at Tech Pacific India training facility in Kanjurmarg, Mumbai.
Fortinet has launched a new authorized training center.
Adam Booth has issued a statement claiming David Haye hopes his fight with Wladimir Klitschko is only postponed and not cancelled.
David Haye hopes his fight is only postponed.
Northern Ireland is being ``held to ransom protesters'' angry at the decision to stop the Union flag hanging over the City Hall, according to the Secretary of State.
Northern Ireland is being held to ransom protesters.
The flat decks in India no longer worry our pacers, said the South Africa captain Graeme Smith as he attributed Dale Steyn's devastating form in the first cricket Test against India to a changed mindset of not letting conditions dictate bowling.
The flat decks no longer worry.
Cory Monteith's played a drug addict in his last film, according to the Huffington Post.
Cory Monteith played a addict in his last film.
Plainville High School students Brittany Rogan and Sam Hausman were recognized for outstanding accomplishments in music at the April 11, 2011 Plainville Board of Education meeting.
Students were recognized for accomplishments in music.
The FBI arrested a prominent local senator in Puerto Rico on Thursday after a federal grand jury indicted him on 32 counts including bribery, wire fraud and money laundering, officials said.Sen.
The FBI arrested a prominent senator in Puerto Rico.
During a ceremony held at Hamburg, Germany, Shanghai Airlines has taken delivery of its first Airbus aircraft, an A321, becoming th latest new operator of Airbus aircraft.
Shanghai Airlines has taken delivery of its first Airbus aircraft, an A321.
Two mothers died within 24 hours of each other from an identical infection after giving birth at the same hospital and on the same day, an inquest heard today.
Two mothers died from an identical infection after giving birth at the same hospital and, an inquest heard.
Although YouTube star Rebecca Black has seen her fair share of praise and criticism, Black can now lay claim to surpassing both Lady Gaga and Justin Bieber in YouTube views with her song ``Friday,`` which has more than 200 million looks. According to Hollywood Reporter, Rebecca Black has garnered more YouTube views than Lady Gaga and Justin Bieber despite some of the negative things that fans and critics have said about the unexpected YouTube star. HR reports that Visible Measures, a company that tracks web videos, indicates that the YouTube video for ''Friday`` has amassed more than 200 million views. The YouTube views for Rebecca Black are 20 million more than ''Born This Way`` by Lady Gaga at 180 million and 135 million more than the YouTube views of ''Pray`` by Justin Bieber, which sits at 65 million.
Black can claim to surpassing Lady Gaga and Justin Bieber.
No. 3 Brigham Young dismissed starting forward Brandon Davies from the program for the remainder of the season, citing a violation of the school's honor code.
Brigham Young dismissed starting Brandon Davies.
India were knocked out of the Twenty20 World Cup as they lost to Sri Lanka in their last Group F match of Super Eights .
India were knocked out of the Twenty20 World Cup.
New Delhi, July 7 A 23-year-old journalism student allegedly committed suicide in his residence in north-west Delhi, police said today.
New Delhi, A journalism student committed suicide.
Newman, who will drive the US Army 236th Birthday Chevrolet, honoring NASCAR Hall of Famer Bud Moore in Sunday's Sprint Cup race at Michigan International Speedway, enjoyed and marveled at another Army experience Wednesday.
Newman, enjoyed and marveled at another Army experience.
Jake Gyllenhaal hoped more women would flirt with him after he piled on the muscle for 'Prince of Persia:
Jake Gyllenhaal hoped more women would flirt.
McDowell apologized Wednesday in a statement released by the Braves, but Ken Rosenthal of FOXSports.com writes this morning that he is ``almost certain'' to be suspended by major league baseball.
McDowell is certain to be suspended by major league baseball.
US President Barack Obama said on Thursday that he supports the free market economic system, a move to seek support for his efforts to revive the ailing economy.
Barack Obama said he supports the free market economic system.
Five main creditors of Transmile Group Bhd met yesterday to appoint receivers for the beleaguered air cargo company, indicating a firm resolve by these parties to wind up the company, reliable sources said.
Five creditors of Transmile Group Bhd met to appoint receivers.
BankUnited Inc., the lender acquired by a group of buyout firms after it was shut by regulators in 2009, raised $783 million in an initial public offering, or 19 percent more than it sought.
BankUnited Inc. raised $ 783 million in an initial offering.
A House panel approved $10.5 billion Wednesday for Special Operations Command and its Navy SEALs unit that has been widely praised for the bold mission to take out terrorist leader Osama bin Laden.
A House panel approved $ 10.5 billion.
A woman is recovering Monday after she said she was attacked at her North Natomas home.
A woman was attacked at her North Natomas home.
Beavers recoup after oil spill help Updated: 13:56, Thursday March 28, 2013 A group of at least six beavers have emerged as key players in helping contain a Utah oil leak that left half of them with severe burns.
Beavers recoup after oil spill help Updated.
Trinidad and Tobago has passed the British visa waiver test, and nationals wanting to visit the United Kingdom will not have to get a visa after all.
Trinidad and Tobago has passed the British visa waiver test.
Indian consular teams are scheduled to visit Abha and Jizan on Sept. 8 to provide consular services to the Indian nationals.
Indian consular teams are scheduled to visit Abha and Jizan.
A Victor teen was charged with resisting arrest and disorderly conduct around 10 pm Sept. 7, after an alleged incident at her home, said Ontario County sheriff's deputies.
A Victor teen was charged with resisting arrest.
Former Cherries bosses Harry Redknapp and Kevin Bond will take Spurs to Dean Court on Friday, July 17.
Cherries bosses will take Spurs.
Authorities are comparing fires in Burlington and Keokuk to see if there are any ties between.
Authorities are comparing fires in Burlington and Keokuk.
Canadian employers are laying out the welcome mat for new hirings.
Employers are laying out the welcome mat.
THE pilot of the balloon that crashed in New Zealand, killing all on board, had cannabis in his system, according to an interim report on the crash.
THE pilot of the balloon that crashed in New Zealand had cannabis in his system.
The World Bank has approved a $62 million US grant to improve aviation in the Pacific region.
The World Bank has approved a grant.
Chinese telecom firm ZTE said Thursday it swung to a net loss in the third quarter due to weaker demand amid the global economic slowdown.
Chinese ZTE said it swung to a net loss in the third quarter.
Early press reports said Lighty died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound in his Bronx apartment.
Lighty died.
Jaipur, Jun 29 A dairy chairperson was today arrested for allegedly taking a bribe of Rs 10,000 in Rajasthan's Udaipur city, anti-corruption bureau sources said.
A dairy chairperson was today arrested for allegedly taking a bribe.
Three Georgia school districts are converting to charter systems on Friday.
Three school districts are converting to charter systems.
Gov. David Paterson is expected to make his first visit to Rochester tomorrow for two events.
David Paterson is expected to make his visit to Rochester tomorrow.
COUNCILLORS have struck a blow against centralisation of services by agreeing to set up their own tourist board to retain control over the promotion of Shetland as a holiday destination.
COUNCILLORS have struck by agreeing to set up their own tourist board.
Allergies affect many people in the gateway city and maybe even more now with the rain.
Allergies affect people in the gateway city.
A homeless woman sleeping in Nokomis Community Park reported to authorities that she was raped by an unknown man late Sunday night.
A homeless woman reported she was raped.
Brighton boss Gus Poyet called Leeds counterpart Neil Warnock a ``hypocrite'' after the two managers disagreed over a penalty award during Friday's 2-2 draw.
Brighton boss Gus Poyet called Neil Warnock a hypocrite.
Manchester United are unlikely to sign new players in the January transfer window although talks continue with Partizan Belgrade duo Zoran Tosic and Adam Ljajic, the club said yesterday.
Manchester United are unlikely to sign new players.
€1 million in cash blew through the streets of a Belgian town after a safe burst open.
€ 1 million in cash blew through the streets of a Belgian town.
Roma summer signing Bojan Krkic has heaped praise on team-mate Francesco Totti, stating that the club captain remains a very important player for the Serie A side.
Bojan Krkic has heaped praise on Francesco Totti.
Finance Minister Kaoru Yosano says Japan will consider new steps to halt a Tokyo market plunge.
Japan will consider steps to halt a market plunge.
After the American Idol 7 Charleston, South Carolina auditions, the new reality game show The Moment Of Truth premieres on FOX.
The Moment Of Truth premieres on FOX.
Republic Bancorp Inc. has raised its common stock dividend by 7 percent, to 15.6 cents per Class A share and 15 cents per Class B share.
Republic Bancorp Inc. has raised its dividend.
Singer DEMI LOVATO was left red-faced when she forgot the lyrics to her own song HEART ATTACK during a live TV performance on Wednesday.
DEMI LOVATO forgot the lyrics during a TV performance.
Captain Morgan is in Detroit at Comerica Park to invite fans to his big 375-ish birthday bash
Captain Morgan is to invite.
A great white shark washed up on the shore of the northeast state of Rhode Island early on Saturday.
A great white shark washed up.
Nick Markakis, who won his first Gold Glove award yesterday, told Brittany Ghiroli of MLB.com that he's about 75 percent recovered from a pelvic bone bruise suffered late in the season.
Nick Markakis's about 75 percent recovered from a pelvic bone bruise.
Former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez was charged with first-degree murder Wednesday in the death of Odin Lloyd, a 27-year-old acquaintance whose bullet-riddled body was found less than a mile from the football player's home in North Attleborough, Mass.
Tight end Aaron Hernandez was charged with murder.
In a mere few hours, Apple CEO, Steve Jobs will take the stage at the Moscone Center in San Francisco and unveil the iPhone 4G.
Apple CEO, will take and unveil the iPhone 4G.
A man accused of stealing a gun during a burglary was arrested Tuesday morning.
A man accused of stealing a gun during a burglary was arrested.
AMY Poehler says she wants Bill Murray to star on her TV show Parks and Recreation.
AMY Poehler wants Bill Murray to star on her Parks and Recreation.
Canadian housing starts rose less-than-expected in January, industry data showed on Tuesday.
Canadian housing starts rose less than expected in January.
Asset manager Waddell \u0026 Reed Financial Inc said it agreed to sell its Legend investment unit to broker dealer First Allied Holdings Inc to focus on its core asset management business.
Waddell \u0026 Reed Financial Inc agreed to sell its Legend investment unit.
India and China should address each other's ``concerns and sensitivities'' on issues impinging security and well being, External Affairs Minister SM Krishna said Monday.
India and China should address each other's concerns.
A former Ness City man was sentenced to life in prison Tuesday for rape and aggravated criminal sodomy under Jessica's Law.
A former Ness City man was sentenced to life in prison.
Pakistani student was detained in Chile after the explosives detectors went off when he entered the US embassy, Chilean and US authorities said.
Pakistani student was detained in Chile.
IBM announced on Thursday that it was buying Algorithmics, a risk analytics company, for $387 million, expanding its services for financial institutions.
IBM was buying Algorithmics for $ 387 million.
Luminus Devices Inc of Billerica, MA, USA, which manufactures PhlatLight LEDs for illumination applications, has appointed David Rubin as director of sales for North America.
Luminus Devices Inc has appointed as director of sales for North America.
Paris Saint-Germain signed Brazilian national soccer team defender Thiago Silva from AC Milan.
Paris Saint-Germain signed national soccer team defender Thiago Silva from AC Milan.
BetWay has confiscated €700 from a player that it claims wagered in shared environments.
BetWay has confiscated € 700 from a player.
MEXICO could lift its swine flu alert by mid-June, the health minister said today, maintaining the death toll at 97 and raising the number of cases by more than 200 to 5240.
MEXICO could lift its swine flu alert.
The Turkish foreign minister said on Monday that Israel should apologize to the international community and the families of those killed and wounded in the Israeli attack on ships carrying aid to Gaza.
The Turkish minister said Israel should apologize to the international community.
Ex-Bosnian Serb army chief Ratko Mladic has settled into a UN prison to await his war crimes trial, following completion of medical tests, a court official said yesterday.
Ratko Mladic has settled into a prison.
Cash for clunkers is ending this Monday because the government has ran out of money to support the very popular program.Despite the $3 billion that was put aside by Congress for Cash for Clunkers Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood revealed that it will shut down on Monday and added:
Cash for clunkers is ending.
The Queen has 'joined' Facebook with the launch of a British Monarchy page on the social networking site.
The Queen has joined Facebook.
``You can't have a conversation if they won't talk to you,'' which translates to, if you don't make marketing a part of your business plan you wont have the sales you want.
You can't have a conversation if they won't talk.
Anti-gay former Rep. Jack Kemp has died of cancer at age 73.
Anti-gay former Rep. Jack Kemp has died.
International Business Machines, Armonk, NY, has been assigned a patent developed by Brent Hodges, Raleigh, NC, for an ``early defect removal model.''
International Business Machines, has been assigned a patent, for an early defect removal model.
Tesco Bank has selected FICO, a provider of analytics and decision management technology, for provide collections, risk and fraud solutions for its banking platforms.
Tesco Bank has selected FICO for provide collections, risk and fraud solutions.
Southeast largest telco SingTel has joined part of a group to invest US$13 million in mobile video services startup Vuclip.
SingTel has joined to invest in mobile video services startup Vuclip.
CUBA marked 50 years of communism and the defeat of the CIA-backed Bay of Pigs invasion on Saturday as it opened a critical Communist Party Congress likely to enshrine some economic change.
CUBA marked 50 years of communism.
Hedge funds launches in 2011 increased to the highest level since 2007, as investors and managers positioned for 2012 amid intense volatility and macroeconomic uncertainty, reported Hedge Fund Research Inc. Hedge funds launches totaled 1,113 in 2011, including 270 in 4Q11, the highest calendar year total since 1,197 funds launched in 2007.
Hedge funds launches increased to the highest level since 2007.
Kitsap County sheriff's deputies say two young would-be robbers are zero for three in the Port Orchard area.
Two young robbers are zero for three in the Port Orchard area.
A roadside bomb hit a bus carrying a family returning from a funeral in southern Iraq on Tuesday, killing at least 14 people, Iraqi police and the British military said.
A roadside bomb hit a bus, killing at least 14 people, Iraqi police said.
A 36-year-old German man named Markus was boiled alive in a soup vat owned by a subsidiary of Campbell's.
A German man was boiled alive in a soup vat.
A double-hulled tanker collided with a foreign vessel off the coast of the Port of Manila early Thursday morning, the Philippine Coast Guard said.
A tanker collided with a foreign vessel off the coast of the Port of Manila.
Armenian youth football team left for Tbilisi where in September 7 will be held its last meeting in the frameworks of the 2011 Europe championship.
Youth football team left for Tbilisi.
Prime Minister Boiko Borisov and accompanying Bulgarian government delegation has concluded a two-day visit to France.
Boiko Borisov has concluded a visit to France.
``One death,'' the dictator is reported to have said, ``is a tragedy; one million is a statistic.''
One death, the dictator is reported, is a tragedy ; one million is a statistic.
Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett on Monday announced a holiday care package drive for Wisconsin armed forces stationed in Iraq.
Tom Barrett announced a holiday care package drive.
Air New Zealand will achieve a world first in inflight entertainment this month when it hosts a golf putting contest at 30,000ft.
Air New Zealand hosts a golf putting contest at 30,000ft.
Cuban slugging power house Yoenis Cespedes has finally signed with the Oakland Athletics after media attention increased as he is being pursued by the Miami Marlins.
Yoenis Cespedes has signed with the Oakland Athletics.
Cleveland Indians two-time all-star closer Chris Perez, charged with misdemeanour possession after marijuana was mailed to his home in his dog's name, told drug agents he had pot for personal use and pointed out two jars, according to investigative reports.
Cleveland Indians closer Chris Perez, charged with misdemeanour possession, told.
Crane Co., a diversified manufacturer of highly engineered industrial products, today announced that it has commenced its tender offer for Merrimac Industries, Inc..
Crane Co. has commenced its tender offer for Merrimac Industries, Inc..
Apple has updated the MacBook Air with next generation processors, high-speed Thunderbolt I/O technology, a backlit keyboard and Mac OS X Lion.
Apple has updated the MacBook Air with next generation processors, Thunderbolt I / O technology, a backlit keyboard.
Napatech today released new time synchronization features that will allow extremely accurate packet time stamping.
Napatech today released new time synchronization features.
However, he did greet the president upon his arrival at Mitchell International Airport.
He did greet the president.
IUP climbed one spot to No. 4 in the latest National Association of Basketball Coaches NCAA Division II poll released Tuesday.
IUP climbed to No. 4.
Despite Derek Anderson's abysmal numbers that would get most quarterbacks benched, Browns coach Eric Mangini is sticking with him over Brady Quinn.
Browns coach Eric Mangini is sticking with him.
The Salvation Army in Reno hosted its community Christmas dinner on Saturday at the group's center off Sutro Street.
The Salvation Army hosted its Christmas dinner.
The sense of order that rules the Chinese Internet has been seriously scrambled by ``water army,'' and their profusion of fake information.
The Internet has been scrambled by water army.
Huveaux is selling its education division to Harper Collins Publishers for £10m.
Huveaux is selling its education division to Harper Collins Publishers.
Young sex slaves are being trafficked from Montreal into southern Ontario, QMI Agency has discovered.
Sex slaves are being trafficked from Montreal into Ontario.
Rap mogul Jay-Z is to be sued by an airline company after he failed to pay for 18 hours of on-flight service.
Jay-Z is to be sued by an airline company.
New Delhi, Nov 2 Delhi may get a new police chief after the high profile visit of US President Barack Obama with incumbent YS Dadwal moving to a new assignment, informed sources said Tuesday.
Delhi may get a new police chief.
Lawmakers resolved their differences on tax and health care measures and moved to wrap up a special session on Tuesday.
Lawmakers resolved and moved to wrap up a special session.
The sugar substitute xylitol, often found in gummy bears, may help prevent tooth decay by lowering levels of a harmful bacteria found in children's plaque, researchers suggest.
The sugar substitute xylitol may help prevent tooth decay.
The New York Yankees today announced they have claimed right-handed pitcher Dan Otero off waivers from the San Francisco Giants.
The New York Yankees have claimed Dan Otero off waivers from the San Francisco Giants.
The Carolina Panthers cut Jake Delhomme late Thursday, just one year after they gave him a lucrative contract extension only to watch him have his worst season as a pro.
The Carolina Panthers cut Jake Delhomme, after they gave him.
The Dalai Lama said today he will give up his political role in the Tibetan government-in-exile and shift that power to an elected representative, as the 76-year-old Tibetan Buddhist spiritual leader struggles with growing worries about who will succeed him when he dies.
The Dalai Lama said he will give up his political role in-exile.
The mother of a black teenager whose killing by a neighbourhood watch volunteer sparked a race row in the US said she believed he was ``murdered in cold blood''.
He was murdered in cold blood.
Chinese journalists and news organizations have been told to improve awareness of the national situation with better coverage of grassroots stories.
Chinese journalists have been told to improve awareness of the national situation.
Tottenham full-back Benoit Assou-Ekotto is set to miss most of January after suffering a groin strain, boss Harry Redknapp has confirmed.
Benoit Assou-Ekotto is set to miss most of January.
The US Food and Drug Administration said Cubist Pharmaceuticals is warning that an industrial chemical has been found in the antibiotic Cubicin.
An industrial chemical has been found in the Cubicin.
Federal prosecutors say a Florida man accused of running a $880 million Ponzi scheme used proceeds from duped investors to fund a lifestyle so lavish he had a university athletic lounge named after him and once bought a professional athlete a pair of diamond-studded handcuffs.
A man accused of running a Ponzi scheme used.
``Two and a Half Men'' star Jon Cryer yesterday received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and thanked former co-star Charlie Sheen and the show's co-creators for intervening during last season when troubles arose.
Jon Cryer yesterday received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Baylor coach Scott Drew has been publicly reprimanded by the Big 12 for his comments after last week's loss to Texas A\u0026M.
Baylor coach Scott Drew has been reprimanded by the Big 12.
Elisabeth Hasselbeck is pregnant again according to her own announcement.
Elisabeth Hasselbeck is pregnant again.
State-run Coal India will float global tenders for setting up washeries, 18 of which have already been identified, with an expected expenditure of around Rs 1,500 crore.
Coal India will float global tenders for setting up washeries.
An elderly Charleston man has been indicted by a federal grand jury for producing child pornography.
An elderly man has been indicted by a jury for producing child pornography.
Police said county health inspectors found marijuana Wednesday in the walk-in cooler of Tony's Pizza and Wings near 16th Street and Thomas Road.
Health inspectors found marijuana.
A 32-year-old cyclist was injured in an accident involving a Blueline bus near India Gate today, police said today.
A cyclist was injured in an accident involving a Blueline bus.
MORE than 70 families in Oshakati have already been relocated to the Oshoopala Flood Victim Relocation Centre after the recent heavy rain flooded their houses.
MORE than 70 families have been relocated.
This makes Norway's anti-DRM complaint against Apple is essentially moot at this point - indeed, Norway announced on Wednesday that it had dropped its legal complaints against Apple.
Norway announced it had dropped its legal complaints against Apple.
A former Norman Public School district teaching assistant was charged Thursday with soliciting sexual conduct with a minor.
A former teaching assistant was charged with soliciting conduct.
The 49ers plan to use first-round pick Michael Crabtree at split end, Josh Morgan's old position.
The 49ers plan to use Michael Crabtree at split end.
Foreclosure properties across the US soared in number in September, based on the Mortgage Monitor October report from LPS.
Foreclosure properties across the US soared in September.
Courtney Cox has revealed that she feels ``closer than ever'' to David Arquette since they split up.
Courtney Cox feels closer than ever to David Arquette.
A conservative group plans to launch a new TV ad targeting Maine Sen. Olympia Snowe and other Republican senators working with Democrats on health care reform.
A conservative group plans to launch a TV ad targeting Olympia Snowe.
Bath MP Don Foster has called for a levy on single-use plastic carrier bags.
Don Foster has called for a levy on carrier bags.
Reports indicate that Industry Minister Tony Clement put the CRTC on notice that if they do not rescind the decision to implement a cap on consumer Internet usage, the feds will intervene.
Tony Clement put the CRTC on notice.
Ralph Vacchiano of the New York Daily News believes the Giants will make one last push for Braylon Edwards on Saturday.
The Giants will make one last push for Braylon Edwards.
Chandigarh, June 30 More water would be released from Bhakra and Pong dams after the level in their reservoirs increased in the last few days, an official said Tuesday much to the relief of Punjab and Haryana paddy farmers.
Chandigarh, More water would be released from Bhakra.
Shriners are weighing their legal options to prevent Live Nation from renaming their building in downtown Indianapolis, which has been known for 100 years as the Murat.
Shriners are weighing their legal options to prevent Live Nation.
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev will visit China in late September, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said after an official visit in Beijing on Friday.
Dmitry Medvedev will visit China in late September, Sergei Lavrov said.
The Michael Jackson tribute concert, set to take place this month in Vienna, has been postponed till next year and will be rescheduled in London.
The Michael Jackson tribute concert has been postponed.
Mystery surrounds a crash in which a 63-year-old woman died after her car hit a tree in Riverton last night.
A woman died after her car hit a tree.
Intel Corp. was fined a record $1.45 billion by the European Union on Wednesday for using strong-arm sales tactics in the computer chip market, a penalty that could turn up the pressure on US regulators to go after the company, too.
Intel Corp. was fined a record $ 1.45 billion by the European Union.
Petrol prices may be hiked by up to Re 1 a litre this week as the rupee ended just above its 10-month low making oil imports costlier.
Petrol prices may be hiked this week.
Honda Canada Inc. reported combined October sales of 11,303 units by its Honda and Acura divisions, unchanged from last year.
Honda Canada Inc. reported October sales.
All-rounder Chris Morris will replace Morne Morkel in the Proteas side at the Champions Trophy.
Chris Morris will replace Morne Morkel in the Proteas side.
Climatologist Lucka Kajfez Bogataj said at a panel in Portoroz Tuesday that electricity in Slovenia was too cheap and that use of electric cars was not the right solution.
Climatologist Lucka Kajfez Bogataj said electricity in Slovenia was too cheap.
Wisconsin conservatives are mourning the death of Jack Kemp, the former NFL quarterback who became a congressman and Bob Dole's 1996 running mate.
Wisconsin conservatives are mourning the death of Jack Kemp.
A council chief executive was cleared today of raping a female colleague he met when she was drunk in a bar.
A council chief executive was cleared of raping a colleague.
Union Minister and National Conference leader Farooq Abdullah today said mistakes committed in the past led to the exodus of Kashmiri Hindus from Jammu and Kashmir as also to the prevailing political uncertainty in the state.
Mistakes led to the exodus of Kashmiri Hindus.
The Indian Navy has acquired its ``rightful place'' in the Indian Ocean but has a huge responsibility of protecting the nation's strategic and diplomatic interests, Defence Minister AK Antony said Friday.
The Indian Navy has acquired its rightful place.
Two people died Saturday night after wrecks on the same highway in Spartanburg County.
Two people died after wrecks on the highway in Spartanburg County.
After one of the most successful campaigns in school history, men's hockey head coach Dave Burkholder has agreed to a contract extension, Director of Athletics Ed McLaughlin announced on Thursday.
Dave Burkholder has agreed to a contract extension.
As expected, the Western Collegiate Hockey Association announced it unanimously accepted Northern Michigan University to join the league in the 2013-14.
The Western Collegiate Hockey Association accepted Northern Michigan University.
By Rhett Bollinger / MLB.com The Red Sox held a light hour-long workout Thursday at Angel Stadium to get warmed up for Friday night's game against the Angels, which begins a three-game series.
The Red Sox held a workout at Angel Stadium.
India, out of semi-final race, look to win their last Pool B match against South Africa in the Hockey World Cup.
India look to win their last Pool B match.
Lauryn Hill could face jail time after failing to file three years' worth of tax returns.
Lauryn Hill could face jail time.
The Wareham Gatemen let a 3-1 lead in the third inning slip away in a 6-4 loss to Brewster as the Whitecaps scored two runs each in the fifth and seventh innings to seal the Cape Cod Baseball League victory.
The Wareham Gatemen let a lead in the slip away.
Vegetable growers in Portugal will hand out their produce for free to restore consumer confidence, ITAR-TASS reported.
Vegetable growers in Portugal will hand out their produce for free.
Aid agencies have warned that Gaza faces a ``humanitarian crisis'' unless Israel lifts its blockade.
Gaza faces a humanitarian crisis.
ANNA BLIGH has been accused of politicising the public service by asking school principals and health staff to work for free at a series of forums.
ANNA BLIGH has been accused of politicising the public service.
Michele Bachmann, the Republican presidential candidate, has lost her campaign manager and his deputy, underlining the difficulty she faces in overcoming opponents Rick Perry and Mitt Romney.
Michele Bachmann has lost her campaign manager.
A pilot has been sentenced to probation for lying to federal investigators after his plane crash-landed at Wilmington International Airport in 2009.
A pilot has been sentenced to probation for lying to investigators after his crash.
Don Hewitt, the legendary mastermind of CBS News'``60 Minutes, is battling pancreatic cancer.
Don Hewitt is battling cancer.
Two new studies show commute times are dropping in the Puget Sound Region.
Commute times are dropping.
Johnson Outdoors Inc., the Racine-based manufacturer of Minn Kota motors, Humminbird fish finders and Old Town canoes, said Wednesday that it is restructuring its watercraft business, affecting 17 US jobs.
Johnson Outdoors Inc. is restructuring its watercraft business.
Yossi Benayoun is expected to leave Anfield this summer but Liverpool FC have yet to receive an approach for the Israel international.
Yossi Benayoun is expected to leave but Liverpool FC have yet to receive an approach.
Iranian First Vice President Parviz Davoudi has announced that Iran will invest $200 billion in its oil and gas sectors over the next five years.
Iran will invest $ 200 billion in its oil and gas sectors.
A deer got its head stuck in a fence at a cemetery in Bangor.
A deer got its head stuck in a fence.
Michael Lohan has been arrested for violating a restraining order by contacting his ex-girlfriend Erin Muller.
Michael Lohan has been arrested for violating a restraining order.
Wheelchair tennis star Vergeer retires Updated: 23:47, Tuesday February 12, 2013 Dutch wheelchair tennis star Esther Vergeer announced her retirement on Tuesday after an astonishing unbroken run of 470 wins spanning more than 10 years.
Wheelchair tennis star Vergeer retires.
Ronan Keating has admitted to making mistakes as a judge on TV'sThe X Factor.
Ronan Keating has admitted to making mistakes.
``The market may open and trade lower tracking weak Asian stocks, the day after a strong rally helped by a coordinated central bank action to cut the cost of funds in money markets. Trading of S\u0026P CNX Nifty futures on the Singapore stock exchange indicates a fall of 9.50 points at the opening bell,`` said Swastika Investmart.
The market may open and trade lower tracking weak Asian stocks.
Libyan tribal leaders will meet in Rome in the next few days to discuss the North African country's future, the Italian foreign minister said Thursday.
Libyan tribal leaders will meet in Rome.
Panda Security, The Cloud Security Company, today launches its new, ultra-light 2010 consumer solutions, which include Panda Antiivrus for Netbooks, Panda Antivirus Pro 2010, Panda Internet Security 2010, and Panda Global Protection 2010.
Panda Security today launches its, ultra-light 2010 consumer solutions, which include.
A police sniffer dog has died from nose cancer after years of smelling cocaine for work.
A sniffer dog has died from nose cancer.
On the heels of the recent release of Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull word comes down the pike from CBS Films that Harrison Ford will star in Crowley for CBS Films in the role of a maverick scientist.
Harrison Ford will star in Crowley for CBS Films.
JLS have missed out on making chart history after a blunder by the Official Charts Company.
JLS have missed out on making chart history.
Deputy Minister of Emergency Situations Akylbek Aitbaev will meet today afternoon with NATO Special Representative for Caucasus and Central Asia Robert Simmons.
Deputy Minister of Emergency Situations Akylbek Aitbaev will meet with NATO Special Representative.
A week after being released by the Houston Rockets, Marqus Blakely returned to the Iowa Energy of the NBA Development League.
Marqus Blakely returned to the Iowa Energy.
Student Senate held their first meeting of the 2009-10 academic year Sunday night at 6 pm in the River Valley Room of the Memorial Union.
Senate held their first meeting.
The Conference Board Leading Economic Index for the US rose 0.2 percent in January to 94.1, following a 0.5 percent increase in December and no change in November.
The Conference Board Leading Economic Index rose in January.
Investors should take data showing currency speculators started to bet against the US dollar this month for the first time since March with a big grain of salt.
Currency speculators started to bet against the dollar.
Saints cornerback Jabari Greer has a bruised left leg but should return to the game.
Saints cornerback Jabari Greer has but should return.
Charlottesville-based WorldStrides has opened a new office in Shanghai, China.
WorldStrides has opened a office in Shanghai.
College Football Performance Awards today announced its 2011 DI FBS \u0026 FCS annual and career recipients.
College Football Performance Awards today announced its 2011 recipients.
A plush insect toy sold at Dollar Tree stores has been recalled, according to the US Consumer Product Safety Commission.
A plush insect toy has been recalled.
It has been found that the citizen of Moldova promoted banned religious belief in Azerbaijan, APA reports quoting the website of the Interior Ministry.
The citizen of Moldova promoted banned religious belief in Azerbaijan.
A BIRMINGHAM MP is on the hunt for war veterans to share their stories with today's teenagers.
A BIRMINGHAM MP is on the hunt for war veterans to share their stories.
While the couple has gone through a lot, putting their marriage in a very vulnerable position, an article in People has verified that Kendra and Hank are not divorcing.
Kendra and Hank are not divorcing.
Duke Energy will release its second quarter 2011 earnings results at 7 am ET on Tuesday, Aug. 2.
Duke Energy will release its second quarter 2011 earnings results on Tuesday, Aug. 2.
With Americans being much more intelligent with their money after the ``Great Recession'' it comes as no surprise to see many searches for high yield checking, savings and bank accounts at local community banks.
It comes to see searches for high yield checking, savings and bank accounts at local community banks.
An American Airlines flight from Newark, NJ, to Dallas made an emergency landing at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport after a warning light in the cockpit indicated the rear slide might have deployed.
An American Airlines flight from Newark to Dallas made an emergency landing at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport.
PSA Peugeot Citroen have chosen TomTom as their global provider of location and navigation content and services for their infotainment systems.
PSA Peugeot Citroen have chosen TomTom as their global provider.
The butter sculpture in the Dairy Products Building will be unveiled later this morning.
The butter sculpture will be unveiled this morning.
Mumbai: 94.3 My FM is going to celebrate World Music Day on 21 June across its 17 stations.
Mumbai : FM is going to celebrate World Music Day.
Dutch lender Rabobank is to price its $2 billion, tier 1, hybrid bond at 8.4%, one of the banks running the sale said Wednesday.
Rabobank is to price its $ 2 billion, tier 1, bond at 8.4%.
Jennifer Aniston has revealed her huge engagement ring after being spotted embracing fiance Justin Theroux in Sante Fe, New Mexico.
Jennifer Aniston has revealed her engagement ring.
The US military estimates that Air Force One costs the taxpayers $181,757 per hour to run.
The military estimates Air Force One costs $ 181,757 per hour.
Aid agencies warn of 'human avalanche' in Sri Lanka as civilians caught in war between government and Tamil Tiger rebels Thousands continue to flee Sri Lanka war zone in Colombo guardian.co.uk , Wednesday April BST Thousands flee Sri Lanka war zone Link to
Thousands continue to flee Sri Lanka war zone.
Jonathan Yardley will visit Giles County Thursday as part of The Big Read's focus on F. Scott Fitzgerald's 1925 novel, ``The Great Gatsby.''
Jonathan Yardley will visit Giles County.
The application for a controversial skilled nursing facility on Route 571 near the Renaissance retirement community has been withdrawn, Manchester Mayor Michael Fressola announced Friday afternoon.
The application for a controversial skilled nursing facility has been withdrawn.
Analogue chip vendor Intersil is to cut its workforce by about 11% as part of its plan to cut costs and revamp its product portfolio.
Intersil is to cut its workforce by about 11%.
Seven Fort McMurray apartment buildings less than a decade old have been evacuated due to foundation problems.
Seven Fort McMurray apartment buildings have been evacuated.
Oscar-winning director Oliver Stone says he loves Indian cinema because of its flexibility to switch between comedy, romance and tragedy in a single story.
Oliver Stone loves Indian cinema.
The only benchmark I would need is how fast I can get my work done on the computer in front of me.
The only benchmark I would need is.
Sen. Edward M. Kennedy was laid to rest alongside slain brothers John and Robert on hallowed ground at Arlington National Cemetery, celebrated for ``the dream he kept alive'' across the decades since their deaths.
Edward M. Kennedy was laid to rest.
When he's not playing basketball with a busted digit or getting his Lakers ready for the playoffs, Kobe has time to jump over Aston Martin's.
Kobe has time to jump over Aston Martin.
Jermain Defoe is desperate to impress for Tottenham this season to ensure he does not miss out on next summer's World Cup finals.
Jermain Defoe is desperate to impress.
President Professor Dr Iajuddin Ahmed said Tuesday that the whole nation is marching towards holding general election scheduled for December 18.
The nation is marching towards holding election.
A Lakeland woman was arrested Nov. 21 after taking the fall for her drug-toting boyfriend, a Lakeland police report said.
A Lakeland woman was arrested after taking the fall for her boyfriend.
Sarah Jessica Parker is preparing for the birth of her twin daughters later this summer by stocking up on baby toys and clothes.
Sarah Jessica Parker is preparing for the birth of her twin daughters.
Pakistan, according to Foreign Minister Makhdoom Shah Mehmood Qureshi, is willing to walk the ``proverbial extra mile'' with India in pursuit of peace, but for this the two countries need to return to the negotiating table with the political will to resolve all outstanding issues, including the core issue of Jammu and Kashmir, peacefully and in accordance with international law and morality.
Pakistan is willing to walk the extra mile.
LA Nina, the weather phenomenon widely blamed for withering drought in the southwestern US and South America, might last longer than expected, into the Northern Hemisphere spring, the US Climate Prediction Centre warned on Thursday.
LA Nina, blamed, might last longer than expected.
Tim Holland, a world backgammon champion who was one of the most prominent competitors in the game's modern heyday, has died.
Tim Holland, a world backgammon champion, has died.
Tundra Lodge Resort and Water Park hosted homeless families today.
Tundra Lodge Resort hosted homeless families.
Horses pre-entered in the 14 Breeders' Cup races to be run Oct. 24-25 at Santa Anita will face drug testing ahead of racing's richest event.
Horses pre-entered in the 14 Breeders ' Cup races will face drug testing.
Atlanta Ballet will hold open auditions for ``Nutcracker'' on Sunday, Sept. 7, at Atlanta Ballet's Midtown studios at 1400 W. Peachtree St. Parking is on Spring Street directly across from the Centre for Puppetry Arts.
Atlanta Ballet will hold auditions for Nutcracker at.
A Newalla man faces a felony assault charge, following an alleged attack on his wife and brother-in-law, after his wife told the man about an extramarital affair.
A Newalla man faces a assault charge.
Media regulator Ofcom is to axe 170 jobs and cut its £143m budget by 28.2% as it faces up to the government's spending review.
Ofcom is to axe 170 jobs and cut its budget.
Rutgers coach C. Vivian Stringer will receive an honorary degree from the University of Iowa.
C. Vivian Stringer will receive an honorary degree.
An Onslow County elementary school teacher charged with providing alcohol to minors is due in court Tuesday.
An elementary school teacher charged with providing alcohol to minors is due in court.
Business Secretary Vince Cable visited Esher library on Friday, June 11, to talk about his book The Storm, which analyses the global economic crisis.
Vince Cable visited Esher library.
Ceramic Fuel Cells has raised 3.8m through a placing and subscription and plans to launch a rights issue and offer to existing investors.
Ceramic Fuel Cells has raised 3.8m.
KFOR demands unconditional freedom of movement for its troops, EULEX members, other institutions and citizens, says KFOR Spokesman Uwe Nowitzki.
KFOR demands unconditional freedom of movement.
The Pharmaceutical Society of Ghana is marking this year's World Health Day on the theme: ``Antimicrobial resistance: No action today, no cure tomorrow.''
The Pharmaceutical Society of Ghana is marking this year's World Health Day.
Christina Aguilera on Monday canceled plans for a summer concert tour blaming work on a new film and an upcoming album that squeezed rehearsal time, according to a statement from her spokeswoman.
Christina Aguilera canceled plans for a summer tour.
OAO Severstal announced an increase in its shareholding of Crew Gold Corporation and further operational data for its gold business.
OAO Severstal announced an increase in its shareholding of Crew Gold Corporation.
P!nk has topped a list of the most played artists in Australia for the third year in a row.
P ! nk has topped a list of the most played artists.
Former Montana Senator Conrad Burns has registered as a lobbyist for the American Quarter Horse Association.
Conrad Burns has registered as a lobbyist.
On Monday, the city of Seattle will significantly boost the number of ``pothole rangers'' out repairing rough roads.
The city of Seattle will boost the number of pothole rangers.
The former US First Lady Betty Ford, whose triumph over drug and alcohol addiction became a beacon of hope for addicts and the inspiration for her clinic in California, has died aged 93.
The former Betty Ford has died.
Camera-maker Polaroid, the inventors of instant photography, has filed for US Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection amid allegations of fraud by the founder of its parent group.
Polaroid has filed for bankruptcy protection.
USD Continues to Gain on Return to Risk Aversion The USD continued to advance Tuesday against major currencies as a measure of US consumer confidence registered an unexpected decline for October.
USD Continues to Gain on Return to Risk Aversion.
Some 200 Iraqi Shiites performed an important annual pilgrimage in southern Jordan on Friday because violence in their home country made it too dangerous to return.
Some 200 Iraqi Shiites performed an annual pilgrimage in southern Jordan.
A new study by researchers at Wake Forest University Baptist Medical Center is the first to refute the widely held belief that intentional weight loss in older adults leads to increased risk of death.
A study is the first to refute the widely held belief intentional weight loss in older adults leads to increased risk of death.
Government on Monday ruled out amending the abortion laws in consideration of cases like that of Niketa Mehta who wanted to terminate her 26-week pregnancy as the child would be born with a congenital heart defect.
Government ruled out amending the abortion laws.
SumAll, an online data analytics tool for e-commerce business owners, has integrated its platform with PayPal, allowing all current PayPal users access to deep business intelligence about their stores.
SumAll, an data analytics tool, has integrated its platform with PayPal.
HouseMAXX™ expands across Canada ... with the changing real estate market people are saving thousands in real estate commissions via professional private sale services.
HouseMAXX ™ expands across Canada.
Ubisoft has confirmed that the much-rumoured Assassin's Creed 2 is in development and will be out before the end of the publisher's financial year -- or more likely -- in time for Christmas.
Ubisoft has confirmed the Assassin's Creed 2 is in development.
Just two days after formally announcing her separation from music executive Jordan Bratman, pop singer Christina Aguilera filed for divorce Thursday in Los Angeles, citing irreconcilable differences.
Just two days after announcing her separation, Christina Aguilera filed for divorce.
A new soup kitchen will open soon in Kosovska Mitrovica, northern Kosovo, as part of Serbia's soup kitchen system, representatives of the local government announced on Monday.
A new soup kitchen will open in Kosovska Mitrovica.
Bank of America plans to cut 16,000 jobs by the year-end in a major restructuring that would end its title as the biggest US banking industry's largest employer, The Wall Street Journal reports.
Bank of America plans to cut 16,000 jobs.
But Michaelle Jean, who was appointed in 2005 amid concerns she was a separatist, is leaving behind big shoes to fill and her successor could be unveiled as early as this June, when the Queen will be in Canada and could play a role in the announcement.
But Michaelle Jean is leaving behind big shoes to fill.
Jets tight end Jeff Cumberland has signed his one-year tender offer from the club.
Jeff Cumberland has signed his tender offer.
Two young girls were arrested and produced before a Colombo Court for allegedly wandering in the streets at night in a way to lure people without a proper reason.
Two girls were arrested for wandering in the streets at night.
The US unemployment rate rose to a five-month high of 8.3 per cent in July, the government said on Friday.
The US unemployment rate rose to a high of 8.3 per cent.
Broncos coach Josh McDaniels isn't ready to turn to rookie quarterback Tim Tebow.
Josh McDaniels isn't ready to turn to Tim Tebow.
Fr Thomas Berry, an American Passionist monk who made it his life's work to explore the connection between humans and the earth, died on 1 June in the United States at the age of 94 years.
Thomas Berry, an monk, died.
THE SCHOOL opened its doors in 1967 as a primary school serving newly built houses in the surrounding streets.
THE SCHOOL opened in 1967.
For the first time in three decades, Saudis in the nation's capital did something that most Westerners take for granted -- they went to the movies.
For the time in three decades, Saudis did -- they went to the movies.
On May 25, 2012, His Excellency the Right Honourable David Johnston, Governor General of Canada, invested Bruce Kuwabara of Toronto, Ontario, as an Officer of the Order of Canada.
His Excellency invested Bruce Kuwabara as an Officer of the Order of Canada.
JOHANNESBURG is stepping up its measles vaccination campaign after more than 115 cases of the disease were reported in the city since September.
JOHANNESBURG is stepping up its measles vaccination campaign were reported.
Non-profit groups will continue to pay full tipping fees at the Steuben County landfill, according to the county Legislature's Public Works Committee.
Non-profit groups will continue to pay full fees at the Steuben County landfill.
MITCHELL, SD Former President Bill Clinton campaigned today in Mitchell for his wife, telling the crowd that Hillary Rodham Clinton has gotten stronger as the campaign has gone on.
MITCHELL, Bill Clinton campaigned.
Khaleej Times) UAE shares retreated yesterday as declines in the US and European markets pushed sentiment lower in the Gulf region.
UAE shares retreated as declines in the US and European markets.
John McCain raised $27 million in July, his largest one-month fundraising haul since clinching the Republican presidential nomination, while the Republican National Committee brought in nearly $26 million.
John McCain raised $ 27 million in July.
European producer prices dropped the most in at least 28 years in June as oil prices fell and the recession prevented manufacturers from charging more.
European producer prices dropped the most in at least 28 years in June.
UK stocks declined, trimming a monthly rally in the FTSE 100 Index, as Morgan Stanley analysts said British banks may be ``most impacted'' by the repercussions of Dubai's debt payment restructuring.
UK stocks declined.
TROUBLED Farsley Celtic avoided tomorrow's winding up order with just hours to spare after being placed into administration this evening.
Farsley Celtic avoided to spare after being placed into administration.
Clearwater firefighters are holding a fundraiser to raise funds for new rescue and extrication equipment.
Clearwater firefighters are holding a fundraiser to raise funds for new rescue equipment.
BPO firm Genpact said it has significantly increased its presence in the Netherlands market a year after it acquired European company Accounting Plaza.
Genpact has increased its presence in the Netherlands market.
Pak team manager ``disappointed and frustrated over under performance'' in Lanka series Islamabad, Tue, 18 Aug 2009 ANI Islamabad, Aug.18:
Pak team manager disappointed and frustrated over.
Australian stocks are expected to open in positive territory on Monday in line with a rally on Wall Street.
Australian stocks are expected to open in positive territory.
The Mississippi River is expected to crest at 23.3 feet sometime Saturday, a lower estimate than predicted earlier this week.
The Mississippi River is expected to crest at 23.3 feet Saturday.
A white supremacist from Austin accused of amassing several weapons and hundreds of rounds of ammunition as part of a plan to attack the government and minorities pleaded not guilty in US District Court last month and has a trial scheduled for July 16.
A white supremacist accused pleaded not guilty.
Sudan and South Sudan have agreed to restart oil exports, setting a two-week deadline for resuming the process of sending oil from South Sudan through pipelines in Sudan.
Sudan and South Sudan have agreed to restart oil exports.
A giant blue fin tuna fetched $177,000 in an auction at the world's largest wholesale fish market in Japan.
A giant tuna fetched $ 177,000.
Dow Chemical Co. said Monday it will slash 5,000 full-time jobs -- about 11 per cent of its total work force -- close 20 plants and sell several businesses to reign in costs amid the economic recession.
Dow Chemical Co. will slash 5,000 jobs.
Natalie Portman has admitted that she struggled to leave her character behind at the end of the day because she worked so hard training for the role.
Natalie Portman struggled to leave her character behind.
Hostess Brands said in bankruptcy court Friday that it expects to sell off its snack cakes and bread brands to separate buyers as it narrows down the bids it has received.
Hostess Brands expects to sell off its snack cakes to separate buyers.
Patrick Vieira is one of Mourinho's admirers and said to L'Equipe: ``Mourinho gives us the serenity that we didn't have in the past.
Patrick Vieira is and said : Mourinho gives the serenity.
CDS Global, one of the nation's largest billing and remittance processing providers, announces the acquisition of PayDQ, a leading provider of Electronic Bill Presentment and Payment solutions.
CDS Global announces the acquisition of PayDQ.
The Sydney Financial second mortgage program is helping homeowners find security during this time of national economic instability.
The second mortgage program is helping homeowners find during this time of economic instability.
The Vice President of India Shri M. Hamid Ansari was enumerated for the second phase of Census 2011 here today.
The Vice President was enumerated for the second phase of Census 2011.
Seoul, April 5 Samsung Electronics estimated Friday the record level of operating profit for the first quarter.
Samsung Electronics estimated the level of operating profit.
US network NBC is to remake Prime Suspect, the award-winning ITV police drama in which Helen Mirren played a detective battling against the prejudices of her colleagues as well as trying to solve murder cases.
NBC is to remake Prime Suspect.
Sir Lanka completed their 2 nd win in the Tri nation one day tournament at home, as they beat New Zealand by 3 wickets at the Rangiri Dambulla International Stadium.
Lanka completed, as they beat New Zealand by 3 wickets.
Ford Explorer owners have won a class action lawsuit after their sport utility vehicles lost value due to a perceived rollover danger, NBC 7/39 reported.
Ford Explorer owners have won a class action lawsuit.
Northern shut out Southern 4-0 Tuesday at Southern High School on the strength of four first-half goals.
Northern shut out Southern 4.
Sharpe, who satirized everything from apartheid to academe in a series of best-sellers, has died at the age of 85.
Sharpe, who satirized, has died at the age of 85.
Young Dreams are a symphonic pop band.They have revealed their new video for current single First Days of Something.
Young Dreams are a pop band.They have revealed their new video for First Days.
Toilet paper hanging from the Toomer's Oaks on the campus of Auburn University caught fire early this morning.
Toilet paper hanging from the Toomer's Oaks caught fire.
There is a new drug dealer in town, and it may be in the last place you expect - in your own home.
There is a new drug dealer in town.
India launched its first unmanned moon mission following in the footsteps of rival China.
India launched its moon mission.
The global financial crisis has little impact on the 2010 Shanghai Expo, senior Shanghai officials said Tuesday.
The financial crisis has little impact on the 2010 Shanghai Expo.
A Vancouver woman in her 20s whose car plunged into the Serpentine River in Surrey on the morning of Feb. 28, submerging her in five metres of water for more than an hour, has died.
A woman whose car plunged into the Serpentine River has died.
Two years after launching a controversial foray into selling hand-held gadgets to consumers, Cisco Systems said Tuesday that it will close its Flip video camera business and cut 550 jobs, as it turns its focus back to selling networking gear and other tech products to businesses and public agencies.
Cisco Systems will close its video camera business and cut 550 jobs.
Soles4Souls will hand out free new shoes at the Tennessee State Fairgrounds from 10 am to 2 pm on Tuesday, May 11.
Soles4Souls will hand out shoes.
PC to PC calls are based on the Voice over Internet Protocol technology.
PC to calls are based.
Strong winds and heavy rain knocked out power to hundreds of thousands in the Northeast, while diverting international flights and toppling a boom crane at an Atlantic City casino construction site.
Winds and rain knocked out power to hundreds of thousands in the Northeast.
Italian tyre manufacturer Pirelli has recently confirmed that hard and soft tyres will be used in the upcoming British Grand Prix, which will take place on July 10, 2011 at the Silverstone circuit.
Pirelli has confirmed hard and soft tyres will be used in the upcoming British Grand Prix.
A poacher has been arrested and two deer carcass seized from his possession in the district, police said here.
A poacher has been arrested and two deer carcass seized.
Blackpool striker Billy Clarke admits his frustration with the slow progress of his recovery from injury.
Billy Clarke admits his frustration.
Google is set to introduce on Tuesday a new Web browser designed to more quickly handle video-rich or other complex Web programs, posing a challenge to browsers designed originally to handle text and graphics.
Google is set to introduce a new Web browser.
A Morris County man pleaded guilty Monday to charges of attempted luring and attempted endangerment, involving two underage girls in online chat rooms.
A man pleaded guilty to charges of luring and attempted, involving two underage girls.
Property magnate and former Leeds United director Simon Morris has been bailed after being arrested for alleged fraud and money laundering.
Magnate and director Simon Morris has been bailed.
Samsung chairman keeps fortune Updated: 19:12, Friday February 1, 2013 The chairman of Samsung Electronics will keep his fortune and control of the Samsung conglomerate after a South Korean court ruled against his older brother in an inheritance battle.
Samsung chairman keeps fortune 19:12.
Manchester City youth player Courtney Meppen-Walter has been jailed for 16 months for causing the deaths of two people by careless driving.
Manchester City youth player Courtney Meppen-Walter has been jailed for causing the deaths by careless driving.
Declan Kidney has insisted that Ireland can finish their Six Nations campaign strongly despite back-to-back defeats.
Declan Kidney has insisted Ireland can finish their Six Nations campaign strongly.
A Silver Alert has been cancelled out of Robeson County for a missing elderly woman who has ties to Bladen County.
A Silver Alert has been cancelled for a woman who has ties to Bladen County.
29-year old Season Three Contender winner Sakio Bika of Cameroon was too big and too good on Thursday night at the Dunkin Donuts Center in Providence, Rhode Island, walking through 27-year old hometown favorite and Season One runner-up Peter Manfredo in three rounds.
Sakio Bika was walking through favorite and Season Peter Manfredo in three rounds.
The Raiders have hired Jim Michalczik as their offensive coordinator, according to ESPN.
The Raiders have hired Jim Michalczik as their offensive coordinator.
Safewalk, a University of Calgary volunteer service in operation since 1995, will be cutting its number of volunteers.
Safewalk, a volunteer service, will be cutting.
12/08/10 Prime Minister Syed Yusuf Raza Gilani has said that the message and essence of Ramazan is the concept of patience and sacrifice.
The message and essence of Ramazan is the concept of patience and sacrifice.
White House environmental adviser Van Jones resigned Saturday after weeks of controversy stemming from his past activism.
White House environmental adviser Van Jones resigned after weeks of controversy.
Prime Minister Syed Yusuf Raza Gilani has said despite financial constraints, the present government has spent unprecedented one point five trillion rupees on the development projects, adding that the time of wars has passed now the problems should be solved through dialogue.
The time of wars has passed the problems should be solved through dialogue.
Actor Rupert Grint has donated an original artwork of his to the Prince's Trust in the South West for the organization's inaugural Evening of Art.
Rupert Grint has donated an artwork to the Prince's Trust.
The legendary comedian George Carlin died Sunday evening of heart failure at the age of 71.
The comedian George Carlin died.
More than 20 people were feared dead on Monday after a boat carrying about 40 sank in rough seas far off northwest Australia, sparking frantic rescue efforts by a passing merchant ship and fishing vessel.
More than 20 people were feared dead after a boat sank far off Australia.
Oklahoma unveiled the state's new driver's license today aimed at stopping identity fraud.
Oklahoma unveiled the state's new driver's license.
And believe me, an indignant FA will hit Adebayor hard.
An FA will hit Adebayor hard.
Amidst a lot of hue and cry over his fitness and form, Anil Kumble finally hung up his boots, and announced his retirement minutes after the tea break surprising the cricketing fraternity.
Anil Kumble hung up, and announced his retirement minutes.
Britain amended its universal jurisdiction law last week to require private individuals who seek arrest warrants for foreign government officials for human rights offenses to obtain the consent of Britain's director of public prosecutions.
Britain amended its universal jurisdiction law.
Jason Isaacs is to star in a new BBC One drama based on Kate Atkinson's books featuring private investigator Jackson Brodie.
Jason Isaacs is to star in a new BBC One drama.
A MOTHER and her five-year-old son are to be sent back to Nigeria today despite fears that they will be killed.
A MOTHER and her son are to be sent back to Nigeria.
Teenagers charged over railway fire Updated: 11:33, Sunday January 13, 2013 Two teenagers have been charged with lighting a fire in Sydney's west.
Teenagers charged over railway fire.
All My Children Actress Debbi Morgan opens up about battling Lyme disease for 15 years.
All Debbi Morgan opens up about battling Lyme disease.
IT major Wipro and diversified group Siemens will exit the National Stock Exchange's benchmark index Nifty tomorrow.
Wipro group Siemens will exit Nifty tomorrow.
Tetley has launched an online shop to give caterers the opportunity to create their own ``bespoke'' case of teas.
Tetley has launched an online shop to give caterers.
Chrysler is recalling about 469,000 Jeeps worldwide, including 295,345 units in the United States, due to a gearshift problem.
Chrysler is recalling about 469,000 Jeeps worldwide due to a gearshift problem.
Lindsey Vonn of the United States won a World Cup super-combined race Saturday after nearly crashing during a jump in the downhill leg.
Lindsey Vonn won after nearly crashing.
UK stocks advanced, led by basic- resources companies, as economic growth in Germany and France accelerated more than economists' had forecast and commodities climbed.
UK stocks advanced.
Tennessee authorities have invalidated the 18-month marriage of a transgender woman and a man, saying the state considers them both men.
Authorities have invalidated the marriage of a transgender woman and a man, saying the state considers Tennessee both men.
Story: 92108 The Johnstown Tribune-Democrat newspaper reports the white-tailed deer crashed through the windshield of a public bus being driven Tuesday evening in Johnstown, about 65 miles east of Pittsburgh.
The deer crashed through the windshield of a bus.
India has begun its first poverty alleviation project in China, sponsoring a farmers' training and information center in Ningxia.
India has begun its poverty alleviation project in China.
The immigration invasion to which Britain is being subjected has added another £19 million per year to your tax bill to pay for translation services at schools -- for parents.
The immigration invasion has added another £ 19 million to your tax bill.
Nicki Minaj insists she is enjoying life without twitter, and is in two-minds about rejoining.
Nicki Minaj is enjoying life without twitter.
A former Fairfax County high school football coach and teacher pleaded guilty Thursday to dealing anabolic steroids.
A former Fairfax County football coach pleaded guilty to dealing steroids.
Florencia Lozano will return to GENERAL HOSPITAL as Tea Delgado on Friday, September 7, according to a new report by Soap Opera Network, for an unspecified number of episodes.
Florencia Lozano will return to GENERAL HOSPITAL.
FRESHLYGROUND, a South African Afro-fusion band billed to be the main act at the National Arts Merit Awards after party, is expected in Harare on Thursday, a day before the eighth edition of NAMA roars to life.
FRESHLYGROUND is expected on Thursday.
A prominent Uzbek human rights activist has been released from prison, just a month after he was sentenced to more than six years for fraud, a colleague said Friday.
A prominent Uzbek human rights activist has been released from prison.
A central New York recycling plant has been cited by the US Labor Department for 22 safety violations following an employee's death.
A recycling plant has been cited for 22 safety violations.
Vampires and wizards ruled the Teen Choice Awards in Los Angeles on but it was also a magical night for Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez.
Vampires and wizards ruled the Teen Choice Awards on.
A man found dead near a Rodeo creek late Monday night has been identified by the Contra Costa County coroner's office as Crockett resident Keith Claudino.
A man found dead near a Rodeo creek.
Regional bankholding company Synovus Financial Corp. says it will pay a quarterly cash dividend of 17 cents per share.
Synovus Financial Corp. will pay a dividend of 17 cents.
Toyota Motor Corp will end production at a California plant it has shared with General Motors for 25 years, prompting regret and criticism from labour and politicians facing more job losses in an industry and a state pummelled by recession.
Toyota Motor Corp will end production at a California plant.
THQ's officially announced the third Saints Row game at the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco.
THQ officially announced the Saints Row game.
Lawrence makes a much awaited welcome return to the side since suffering the injury in round 3 against Canberra at Campbelltown Stadium.
Lawrence makes a welcome return.
A fake Census collector has bashed a man on the doorstep of his home in southwest Sydney, prompting police to warn people to check for identification.
A fake Census collector has bashed a man.
An article in The Kansas City Times, Kansas City, Kan., offers tips on healthy snacking at work.
An article in The Kansas City Times, offers tips on healthy snacking.
Monday, October 4 is the last day to register to vote in the November 2 General Election.
Monday, October 4 is the last day to register to vote.
The police have initiated a suo motu case against Eastern Frontier Rifles personnel and their family members who were involved in the violence that rocked Salua on Wednesday and Thursday.
The police have initiated a suo motu case against Eastern Frontier Rifles personnel.
Private power group Ipsa has managed to find buyers for the four gas turbines that it initially acquired for a power project at Coega, near Port Elizabeth, the London-listed group said on Wednesday.
Ipsa has managed to find buyers for the four gas turbines.
Rudolf Elmer has been arrested on fresh charges of breaching Swiss bank secrecy laws, after giving data to Wikileaks.
Rudolf Elmer has been arrested, after giving data to Wikileaks.
Norwich City boss chris Hughton has insisted that he does not envy the club's big spending rivals according to talkSport.
Norwich City boss chris Hughton has insisted he does not envy the club's big spending rivals.
As expected Ron Paul won the CPAC straw poll with 37% followed by Mitt Romney with 31% and Gary Johnson with 21%.
Ron Paul won the CPAC straw poll.
First Division leaders Shelbourne slipped to a shock defeat at home to Wexford Youths on Friday as their lead at the top was slashed to just two points.
Shelbourne slipped at the top.
Agriculture Minister KP Mohanan has said that an agriculture zone will be formed in the state to ensure that the state becomes self-sustainable in vegetable production.
An agriculture zone will be formed in the state.
A man was seriously injured yesterday afternoon after being run over by a trailer, the Missouri Highway Patrol reported.
A man was seriously injured after being run over by a trailer.
Watson keen to cash in with bat in India Updated: 16:28, Monday February 18, 2013 Australia's vice-captain Shane Watson is waiting.
Watson keen to cash in with bat in India Updated.
Rep. Ulysses Jones Jr., described by colleagues as a passionate lawmaker and one of the first emergency officials to reach Elvis Presley when the entertainer died, has died in his hometown of Memphis.
Rep. Ulysses Jones Jr. has died.
A man with a knife robbed a south Lexington gas station early Monday, escaping with cash and merchandise, Lexington police said.
A man with a knife robbed a Lexington gas station.
UK private mail delivery firm TNT Post has restructured its operational management team with the promotion of Jon Ormond to director of DSA operations, Dean Hulse to director of transport and Gary Robinson to director of end-to-end.
TNT Post has restructured its management team.
Alcoa Inc, the largest US aluminium producer, opened the US earnings reporting season with a return to profit on stronger demand for its products.
Alcoa Inc opened the US earnings reporting season with a return to profit.
Joy Behar, a co-host on ABC's daytime talk show ``The View,'' has landed her own talk show on Current TV, the network announced on June 11.
Joy Behar, a co-host, has landed her own talk show on Current TV.
Indian telecommunications operator Bharti Airtel has signed a five year partnership agreement with Manchester United.
Bharti Airtel has signed a partnership agreement with Manchester United.
Leaders Harrogate maintained their unbeaten record with a five wicket win at Sheffield Collegiate in the ECB Yorkshire League.
Harrogate maintained their unbeaten record.
Los Angeles, Oct 29 Actress Reese Witherspoon is set to star in new comedy ''Sex Tape'' with Jason Segal.
29 Reese Witherspoon is set to star Sex Tape.
Courtesy of Larry ``Major Nelson'' Hyrb, as of November 1st 2010, Microsoft are to raise the price of a subscription to Xbox LIVE in the UK, USA, Canada and Mexico.
Hyrb Microsoft are to raise the price to Xbox LIVE in the UK, USA, Canada and Mexico.
Ricky Ponting says he is prepared to play with pain in his injured finger during the ICC World Cup campaign.
Ricky Ponting is prepared to play with pain.
A MAGISTRATE has warned Collingwood bad boy Heath Shaw to curb his drinking or risk going to jail and ruining his AFL career.
A MAGISTRATE has warned Collingwood bad boy Heath Shaw to curb his drinking.
Afghan President Hamid Karzai confirmed on Monday that he will stand for re-election on August 20, making official what had widely been expected.
Hamid Karzai confirmed he will stand for re-election.
Despite years of delay, an Arctic pipeline has ``never been closer'' to fruition, federal Environment Minister Jim Prentice said Wednesday.
An Arctic pipeline has never been closer, Jim Prentice said.
A Dunmore firefighter suing the borough for defamation testified in federal court Tuesday that he was ``humiliated'' when news of his eight-day suspension in 2005 was made public.
A Dunmore firefighter testified he was humiliated when news of his suspension was made public.
Address Is Approximate, a stop-motion film made by Tom Jenkins from The Theory as a personal project.
Address Is Approximate.
A downtown restaurant has been shut down for repeatedly violating food temperature requirements and food safety regulations.
A downtown restaurant has been shut down for violating requirements and food safety regulations.
Alexander Solzhenitsyn, the Nobel Prize-winning author whose books chronicled the horrors of the Soviet gulag system, has died of heart failure, his son said.
Alexander Solzhenitsyn, the author, has died.
At least 12 people were killed in three bomb attacks in Iraq on Monday, June 17, police and medics said, according to Reuters.
At least 12 people were killed in three bomb attacks in Iraq.
A Paris-bound Air France flight from Mumbai was forced to make an emergency landing in Mumbai on Monday after developing an engine problem, the airline and airport said.
A Air France flight from Mumbai was forced to make an emergency landing.
Brett Lee has blamed food poisoning for his poor show on the India tour and claimed that he also lost some weight during the four-Test series.
Brett Lee has blamed food poisoning.
NasJet, the private jet company in the Middle East and one of the top 20 in the world, announces revenues exceeding SR500m for 2012.
NasJet announces revenues exceeding SR500m for 2012.
British Airways has announced a new Cancun route, with flights starting in November 2010.
British Airways has announced a new Cancun route.
A sewage explosion forced families from their mobile homes in the town of St. Martins.
A sewage explosion forced families from their homes.
A Schofield Barracks soldier on Monday pleaded not guilty to murder and other charges in the fatal shooting of a contractor last September in Iraq.
A Schofield Barracks soldier pleaded not guilty to murder.
England's batting legend Geoffrey Boycott has warned that the lack of spectator interest is killing Test cricket, which requires radical changes to save it.
The lack of spectator interest is killing cricket.
``I'm fascinated by (Britney.) The fact that she's one of the most talked about -- not just pop stars -- but people in the world today, means that you've got this star power,'' he said.
I 'm fascinated by (Britney).
Hours before the UPA-Left Committee meeting to iron out differences on the Indo-US nuclear deal, the Left parties on wednesday rejected a compromise formula which would have allowed the government to finalise the safeguards agreement at the IAEA.
The Left parties rejected a compromise formula.
Professor Brian Cox, who scored ratings success with the BBC2's Wonders of the Solar System, is to deliver a lecture on making a big bang with science documentaries.
Professor Brian Cox is to deliver a lecture.
email Picayune has expanded its city limits in all directions, adding a total of 5.3 square miles to its boundaries.
Picayune has expanded its city limits.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said that withdrawal of militants of the Kurdistan Workers' Party was the priority of Turkey, Trend reports.
Withdrawal of militants was the priority of Turkey.
A plea deal was entered Thursday for a Shelbyville High School cheer coach accused of having sex with a student.
A plea deal was entered for a cheer coach.
The San Diego Padres today recalled Portland left-handed pitcher Joe Thatcher and designated left-handed pitcher Wil Ledezma for assignment.
The San Diego Padres today recalled Joe Thatcher and designated Wil Ledezma for assignment.
The New York Mets could have a new manager in place by Thanksgiving Day.
The New York Mets could have a manager by Thanksgiving Day.
WellPoint Inc. said Friday it will cut about 1,500 jobs, becoming the latest health insurer to take what analysts see as a tough-but-necessary step to cope with the recession.
WellPoint Inc. said it will cut about 1,500 jobs.
Some mining companies have refused to pay the new mining royalties introduced last year, it has emerged.
Some companies have refused to pay the mining royalties.
Cadillac will re-launch its certified pre-owned program, with the idea of boosting dealership sales and raising resale value on Cadillacs.
Cadillac will re-launch its certified pre-owned program.
Robert Mugabe has threatened to flood the world's diamond markets - despite being slapped down by the world's diamond control body.
Robert Mugabe has threatened to flood the world's diamond markets.
An 11-year-old Romanian rape victim is to have an abortion today in an NHS hospital.
An Romanian rape victim is to have an abortion.
Kansas City Royals owner David Glass says there have been no discussions about selling the team, despite recent rumors to the contrary.
Kansas City Royals owner David Glass says there have been no discussions about selling the team, despite rumors.
Clark Brands has added an electronic reader board option to its image program.
Clark Brands has added an electronic reader board option.
ST JOHN'S - Former international batsman Richie Richardson has been named the new West Indies team manager, the West Indies Cricket Board said on Saturday.
Richie Richardson has been named the new West Indies team manager.
Iran is ready to deliver a preventive strike on any country if it threatens Iran with an attack.
Iran is ready to deliver a preventive strike.
The autopsy details of pop star Michael Jackson gives a horrifying picture of the singer at the time of his death - he was a virtual skeleton as he was barely eating, there were only pills in his stomach.
He was a virtual skeleton as Michael Jackson was eating.
X Factor winner Alexandra Burke has revealed that she's in talks to support Beyonce on the European leg of her ``I Am'' tour.
Alexandra Burke's to support Beyonce on the leg of her tour.
Etihad Airways has won the best business class award following a global poll.
Etihad Airways has won the best business class award.
A cappella quartet Cadence is bringing its Juno Award-nominated sound to Clarkson.
A cappella quartet Cadence is bringing its sound to Clarkson.
Chief of staff of Armenian health ministry, Gagik Sahadian, has resigned after filing a relevant application, David Sarkisian, chief of the government staff, told a Cabinet session today.
Chief of staff of Armenian health ministry has resigned.
Gardena, California-based Digital Manga Publishing recently announced that they are seeking submissions of original manga, graphic novels, short stories and prose novels in all genres from ``aspiring and professional creators'' for eManga.com, their online manga rental website.
Digital Manga Publishing are seeking submissions of original manga, novels, from aspiring for eManga.com.
In order to make these changes a success, and to ensure that we deliver the best possible tennis experience to you, we need your help in letting us know what makes a great event.
What makes a great event.
Danish driver Allan Simonsen has died after a horror crash at the wheel of an Aston Martin at the Le Mans 24 Hour endurance race on Saturday, organisers reported.
Danish driver Allan Simonsen has died after a horror crash.
Oil rose for the first time in a week as an almost $1 trillion loan plan by European policy makers to end the region's sovereign-debt crisis caused global stocks to rally and signaled energy demand may strengthen.
Oil rose for the first time in a week.
Trinamool Congress supremo Mamata Banerjee on Saturday appealed to her partymen to lead a peaceful agitation on Sunday at Singur, the site of the Tata Motors small car plant.
Mamata Banerjee appealed to lead a peaceful agitation.
WASHINGTON The White House says its high-profile garden on the South Lawn has tested positive for lead although it is not at dangerous levels.
The White House says its garden has tested positive for lead.
``It is wrong that there are no women on the BBC Sports Personality of the Year shortlist. The BBC should be celebrating our great sportswomen. There are so many who could have been on the shortlist - like Jessica Ennis, Chrissie Wellington, Rebecca Adlington, Keri-Anne Payne and Sarah Stevenson. They are inspirations to girls and young sportswomen.
It is wrong there are no women. The BBC should be celebrating.
Australia plans to increase arson penalties to 25 years in jail after deadly bushfires two months ago which killed 173 people and engulfed entire communities, national and state legal lawmakers said today.
Australia plans to increase arson penalties.
Pakistan Muslim League has finalized list of its candidates from Rawalpindi, Attock, Chakwal and Islamabad which is likely be announced on Wednesday.
Pakistan Muslim League has finalized list of its candidates from Rawalpindi, Attock, Chakwal and Islamabad.
A wide range of cemetery visits are planned by area veterans' organizations on Memorial Day, Monday, May 30.
A range of cemetery visits are planned on Memorial Day.
Detroit Mayor Dave Bing remains hospitalized for observation after discomfort following dental treatment.
Dave Bing remains hospitalized.
After years of requests from customers, Amazon.com has introduced Kindle ebook lending as a kind of New Years' Eve gift to Kindle customers.
Amazon.com has introduced Kindle ebook lending.
Music legend Aretha Franklin turned 70 on Sunday and said she had a new album in the works.
Aretha Franklin turned 70.
Defence Minister Ch Ahmed Mukhtar had made it clear that Pakistan was taking action against all terrorist organisations said that we will not be intimidated by any threats.
Pakistan was taking action against all terrorist organisations.
Sugar planter members of the Mill District Development Foundation, Inc. have taken it upon themselves to address the child labor problem in the Ormoc-Kananga sugar district in Leyte province.
Sugar planter members, have taken to address the child labor problem.
The animal rights group PETA wants to help rebuild the ``King of Kings'' statue at Solid Rock Church in Monroe.
The group PETA wants to help rebuild the King of Kings.
A police chief, firefighters and city officials in Berkeley dropped everything for about an hour Friday to read.
A chief, in Berkeley dropped everything to read.
Mr. Daniel Dror, Chairman and CEO, announced today that the board of directors of American International Industries, Inc. has postponed the record date for its 20% stock dividend and special stock dividend of its subsidiary Hammonds Industries, Inc. common stock.
The board of directors of American International Industries, Inc. has postponed the record date for its 20% stock dividend and special stock dividend.
A 28-year-old man was injured Monday afternoon when a truck slammed into a building where he was working, the South Carolina Highway Patrol said.
A man was injured when a truck slammed into a building.
Miranda was recalled by the Yankees on Tuesday.According to the New York Post's Joel Sherman on Twitter, the New York Yankees will call up first baseman Juan Miranda to get another left-handed bat on the roster with both Curtis Granderson and Nick Johnson on the disabled list.
The New York Yankees will call up Juan Miranda.
Enel Green Power has added 40 MW to its local wind power network with the Salbatica I wind park, which has a total capacity of 70 MW.
Enel Green Power has added 40 MW to its local wind power network.
Metro set a record Friday for ridership, surpassing the previous record from 2004, set on the day of former President Ronald Reagan's state funeral.
Metro set a record for ridership.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has said Turkey would overcome current economic situation --global economic crisis-- with minimum loss.
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has said Turkey would overcome current economic situation with minimum loss.
MADERA COUNTY, Calif. Floodwaters have caused a huge sinkhole to open up in Madera County.
Floodwaters have caused a huge sinkhole to open up in Madera County.
He has a mission but no ambition, says Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi as speculation mounts about whether he will be the Bharatiya Janata Party's next prime ministerial candidate.
He has a mission but no ambition.
The senior Supreme Court lawyer and human rights activist Prashant Bhushan Tuesday said no Kashmiri is safe in India and army is responsible for killing of Kashmiri people.
No Kashmiri is safe in India.
Gay conservative group GOProud attacks Republican senate candidate Tom Campbell over his refusal to sign a pledge not to raise taxes.
GOProud attacks senate candidate Tom Campbell.
BLOOMINGTON, Ind. Victor Oladipo scored a career-high 21 points on Sunday to help Indiana beat Chattanooga 78-53.
Indiana beat Chattanooga 78 53.
Red Bee Media has selected a platform from Cordys, a global leader in next generation Business Process Management, to support its media management services for major broadcasters.
Red Bee Media has selected from Cordys to support its media management services for broadcasters.
Nicole ``Snooki'' Polizzi admitted that she thinks she's an alien on Tuesday while she was being interviewed by Celebuzz.
Nicole ``Snooki'' Polizzi thinks she's an alien.
AQUIS Hotel and Resorts has acquired its first city hotel, the five-star Corfu Palace Hotel, and plans on increasing its portfolio to 20 in total by the end of the year.
AQUIS Hotel has acquired its first city hotel.
Auto Racing Writer Struggling Nelson Piquet Jr. acknowledged Thursday that he faces an uncertain future with Renault, and could be forced out before the end of the Formula One season.
Nelson Piquet Jr. acknowledged he faces an uncertain future.
General David Petraeus stepped down as US commander in Afghanistan on Monday after a checkered year at the helm of what is the US' longest war.
David Petraeus stepped as commander in Afghanistan.
A Philadelphia-to-Dallas American Airlines flight was diverted to Nashville after a warning light signaled a possible malfunction.
A flight was diverted to Nashville after a warning light signaled.
Funeral services have been set for a Knox County girl who was accidentally shot to death by her brother earlier this week.
Funeral services have been set for a girl who was accidentally shot to death by her brother.
Sunday, church goers remembered 17-year-old Trayvon Martin during services across the country.
Church goers remembered Trayvon Martin.
Kentucky Governor Steve Beshear signed a law Wednesday banning new synthetic drugs whose effects resemble those of Ecstasy and methamphetamine.
Governor Steve Beshear signed a law banning new synthetic drugs.
Now he has been picked to host the Golden Globes Awards on January 17 in Los Angeles.
He has been picked to host the Golden Globes Awards.
Miami hosts a pair of midweek games when the Hurricanes face Penn State Tuesday and Maine Wednesday.
Miami hosts a pair of midweek games.
Murder Suspect in Fairhope Shooting is shot and killed by police on I-10 in Mobile.
Murder Suspect is shot and killed.
Washington Wizards three-time All-Star guard Gilbert Arenas was sentenced on Friday to two years' probation for bringing guns into the team's locker room.
Gilbert Arenas was sentenced to two years ' probation.
Portugal is voting in snap elections Sunday to designate a new government which is to implement a tough EUR 78 B bailout.
Portugal is voting in snap elections.
Decision Resources, one of the world's leading research and advisory firms for pharmaceutical and healthcare issues, finds that, in first- and second-line treatment of Clostridium difficile infection, nearly 70 percent of surveyed infectious disease specialists and internists will use Optimer's fidaxomicin and nearly half will use Medarex/Merck's CDA1 and CDB1, one year after the launch of these agents.
In first and second line treatment of Clostridium difficile infection, nearly 70 percent of surveyed infectious disease specialists and internists will use Optimer's fidaxomicin and nearly half will use Medarex / Merck's CDA1 and CDB1.
It has been reported that Rap star DMX has been arrested for failing to appear in court and other complaints at a Phoenix airport on Wednesday, all this adding to his legal woes that include drug possession and animal cruelty charges.
Rap star DMX has been arrested for failing to appear in court.
Saturday's Binghamton Mets game against the Connecticut Defenders was suspended because of rain at NYSEG Stadium.
Saturday's Binghamton Mets game was suspended.
Former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has been appointed to a UN panel on global sustainability.
Kevin Rudd has been appointed to a UN panel.
The House voted 283-136 to pass the 2012 defense authorization bill on Wednesday that contains controversial provisions requiring military detention for some terrorism suspects.
The House voted to pass the 2012 defense authorization bill.
A 20-year-old Egg Harbor City man was arrested for large amounts of heroin and cash ``consistent with distribution,'' on Tuesday morning, June 5, Galloway Police said Tuesday night.
A Egg Harbor City man was arrested for large amounts of heroin and cash.
CYPRUS has been warned to open its energy market or face legal action at the European Court of Justice by the European Commission.
CYPRUS has been warned to open its energy market.
The Chicago Cubs say Hall of Famer Ryne Sandberg will manage Triple A Iowa next season.
Hall of Ryne Sandberg will manage Iowa next season.
``Anna is a simple man, but he is surrounded by anti-national elements and people who have been supported by foreign forces,'' the minister of state in PMO told reporters at Chennai airport.
Anna is, but a man is surrounded by anti-national elements.
Hollywood actor JAKE GYLLENHAAL has been honored for his charity work by bosses of an eyecare organization he has supported since he was a child.
JAKE GYLLENHAAL has been honored for his charity work.
A 20-year-old Fresno man drowned Saturday afternoon in the San Joaquin River below Skaggs Bridge near the Madera County line, the Fresno County Sheriff's Department reported.
A Fresno man drowned in the San Joaquin River.
The US trade deficit narrowed in February after hitting a seven-month high in January, thanks to a drop in imports in part due to China's new year holidays, official data showed overnight.
The US trade deficit narrowed.
The New Orleans Saints announced Thursday that assistant coach Joe Vitt will serve as head coach in place of Sean Payton, who is set to serve a one-year NFL suspension over the team's bounty payments.
The New Orleans Saints announced Joe Vitt will serve as head coach in place of Sean Payton.
Barack Obama heads Rolling Stone's list of '100 Agents Of Change,' flashing those who have powerful ideas.
Barack Obama heads Rolling Stone's list, flashing those.
Time for a toast: ``How I Met Your Mom'' star Neil Patrick Harris, who was the talk of the town after his great job hosting the 2009 Tony Awards in June, has been tapped to host the 2009 Emmy Awards on September 20, according to The Hollywood Reporter.
Time : I Met has been tapped to host the 2009 Emmy Awards.
The Chiefs held on to beat the Crusaders 24-19 in their third Round Super Rugby clash in Napier New Zealand to secure back to back wins.
The Chiefs held on to beat the Crusaders.
The US military plans to to deploy a new intelligence drone in Afghanistan, which military experts say will allow US troops to monitor much larger operational theatres than before, the Washington Post reported on Sunday.
The US military plans to to deploy a new intelligence drone in Afghanistan.
``The unauthorised collection of deposits in exchange for the promise that exorbitant rate of return will be given, this is something which has to be curbed,'' Singh told reporters in the Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi.
The unauthorised collection of deposits, this is something which has to be curbed.
Motorola Inc. has achieved the first successful mobile WiMAX trial in Thailand, teaming up with United Information Highway Co. Ltd. The trial, demonstrating new wireless broadband experiences for users, marks the first among a series of Motorola's mobile WiMAX engagements in Thailand and yet another milestone in the company's global WiMAX development.
Motorola Inc. has achieved the successful mobile WiMAX trial in Thailand.
Dianna Agron has never been happier in her life and loves ''getting older and growing''.
Dianna Agron has never been happier.
Ausenco has been awarded a Create Phase Engineering Services contract for the USD 1.8 billion Bozshakol copper project owned by Kazakhmys.
Ausenco has been awarded a contract for the USD 1.8 billion Bozshakol copper project.
INDEPENDENT filmmakers, rights advocates and relatives of victims of human rights violations are set to gather at 6:00 PM tonight at the Ishmael Bernal Gallery in UP Diliman, to formally launch two new human rights film projects - ``RIGHTS 3'' and ``43.''
Filmmakers, rights advocates are set to gather tonight, to launch two new human rights film projects.
Fletcher Building today announced that it had sold its metals distribution businesses, Austral Wright Metals and Mico Metals, to AW Distribution Pty Limited and Wakefield Metals Limited, respectively.
Fletcher Building had sold its metals distribution businesses.
Pope Benedict XVI on Friday promoted his personal secretary to head of the papal household, giving Msgr.
Pope Benedict XVI promoted his personal secretary to head of the household.
A 47-year-old homeless man died shortly after he was hit by a van on Katella Avenue early Sunday morning.
A homeless man died after he was hit by a van.
Amanda Knox did not have any motive for killing British student Meredith Kercher, her lawyer has told a court.
Amanda Knox did not have any motive.
A key NATO summit, gathering more than 50 world leaders, opened in Chicago on Sunday with a minute's silence for all those who have fallen in combat around the world.
A NATO summit opened in Chicago.
Transfinder today announced that it has achieved a record number for providing clients uninterrupted service on its cloud hosting solution, Infofinder i, on the busiest school day.
Transfinder has achieved a record number for providing uninterrupted service hosting on the busiest school day.
Much of Scotland is on flood alert after torrential rain and strong winds caused scores of rescues and travel misery.
Much of Scotland is on flood alert after torrential rain.
President Barack Obama urged businesses to ``step up'' and hire workers, pressing banks and other corporations to do more to help an economy that he said would take ``several years'' to recover fully.
Barack Obama urged businesses to step up and hire workers.
GM and PSA Peugeot Citroën have confirmed plans to form a global alliance following weeks of industry speculation.
GM and PSA Peugeot Citroën have confirmed plans to form a global alliance.
Yahoo will reportedly announce its mass firings on the earnings call this week.
Yahoo will announce its mass firings call this week.
Daylight saving time ends at 2 am Sunday, meaning clocks fall back one hour.
Daylight saving time ends at 2 am Sunday.
David Miller and Adil Rashid took Yorkshire to a close win over Uva Next in the first qualifier of the CLT20 in Johannesburg.
David Miller and Adil Rashid took Yorkshire to a close win.
WISN 12 News has learned that a girl found unresponsive in a Brookfield pool last week has died.
A girl found unresponsive in a Brookfield pool week has died.
Middle East private equity fund managers raised a record $6.4bn in 2008, up more than 10 percent over 2007 and more than double the amount raised in 2005, according to a new report.
Private equity fund managers raised a record $ 6.4bn in 2008.
Women with diabetes are more likely than those without diabetes to report low overall sexual satisfaction, with insulin-treated women at higher risk for problems such as lubrication and orgasm, according to a study published in the August issue of Obstetrics \u0026 Gynecology.
Women with diabetes are likely to report low sexual satisfaction.
Pop singer Leona Lewis is set to duet with Robbie Williams and the 'Kings of Leon'.
Leona Lewis is set to duet with Robbie Williams.
DeNesha Stallworth scored 17 points and A'dia Mathies added 14 to help No. 6 Kentucky extend its school-record winning streak to 15 games with a 69-43 win over Missouri on Sunday.
Kentucky extend its winning streak.
An Oxnard man who may have been attending a party was shot late Saturday night.
An Oxnard man was shot Saturday night.
Chevron Corp. reported further drilling success in the Carnarvon Basin offshore Western Australia, Australia's premier hydrocarbon basin.
Chevron Corp. reported further drilling success in the Western Australia.
British Airways and Spain's largest airline Iberia agreed to a merger forming the world's third-biggest airline, the companies announced.
British Airways Iberia agreed to a merger.
On Aug. 4 the Habitat for Humanity Bancroft build team is looking for paddlers of any type to help raise the cash to get the first Bancroft Habitat home built.
The Habitat is looking for paddlers.
People.com is reporting Gisele Bundchen is pregnant.
Gisele Bundchen is pregnant.
Polish historian and dissident Adam Michnik, one of the prominent personalities of the Polish independent trade union movement Solidarity, Friday received honorary doctorate from Charles University in Prague.
Adam Michnik received honorary doctorate from Charles University in Prague.
Another report concerning the state education efficiency audit is taking longer than expected.
Another report concerning the education efficiency audit is taking longer.
During his participation in the Nuclear Security Summit, held in Washington DC, Mexican President Felipe Calderón Hinojosa met with Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt.
Mexican President Felipe Calderón Hinojosa met with Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt.
A woman who says she was held captive and repeatedly sexually assaulted over a three-week period says she borrowed a cell phone to call for help.
She borrowed a cell phone to call for help.
Pittsburgh Pirates third baseman Andy LaRoche and infielder Delwyn Young have become free agents after clearing waivers.
Third baseman Andy LaRoche and Delwyn Young have become free agents.
Man bites head off snake Updated: 13:35, Friday December 21, 2012 Orange local Rodney Williams has bitten the head off a brown snake he found in a friend's backyard - in order to stop the animal biting him first.
Man bites head off snake.
During the month of March, Penelec employees in Clearfield, Philipsburg and DuBois raised money and collected food as part of the annual 'Harvest for Hunger' program.
Penelec employees, raised money and collected food as part of the Harvest for Hunger ' program.
A 41-year-old Beaufort man was killed Wednesday in a two-car crash in Jasper County.
A Beaufort man was killed in a crash.
Most European stocks closed lower Thursday as concern about Greece's fiscal situation grew once again.
European stocks closed lower.
Singer-turned-Fashion Designer Victoria Beckham has launched her own fashion website for the convenience of her customers.
Victoria Beckham has launched her fashion website.
A 26-year-old man has been charged over an assault where a marine officer had his jaw broken in Scarborough.
A man has been charged over an assault a marine officer had.
Qatar will raise its LNG supply by 2.5 million tons to India from current 5 million tons of gas in order to meet its increased demand in India, according to Qatar`s oil minister Abdullah bin Hamad al-Attiyah.
Qatar will raise its LNG supply to India.
Author E. Lynn Harris, who wrote best-sellers about black gay life, died July 24 at a hotel in Beverly Hills.
Author E. Lynn Harris died.
So you can imagine our excitement over the news that Jason Derulo is planning to get together with boy band JLS!
Jason Derulo is planning to get together with JLS.
Honoré Beaugrand metro station was evacuated about 10:25 am because a substance was bothering commuters, Société de transport de Montréal spokesperson Isabelle Tremblay said.
Honoré Beaugrand metro station was evacuated.
A US Airways plane crashed into the Hudson River this afternoon, outside the Weehawken waterfront.
A US Airways plane crashed into the Hudson River.
North Korea is assembling a long-range missile capable of reaching Alaska, a news report said Wednesday, as the communist regime prepared to test-fire a barrage of missiles from both coasts.
North Korea is assembling a missile.
Chelsea FC have made a proposal to buy the land that Stamford Bridge sits on, presumably as a step towards eventually moving to a larger stadium.
Chelsea FC have made a proposal to buy the land Stamford Bridge sits on.
Goldman Sachs will cut 10% of its workforce, or 3,260 jobs, a source familiar with the investment bank's plans told CNN Thursday.
Goldman Sachs will cut 10%, or 3,260 jobs.
THE people of Wales have now delivered a resounding Yes in answer to the referendum question on whether the National Assembly should have full law-making powers.
THE people of Wales have delivered a resounding to the referendum question.
A truck driver was assaulted by toll tax collectors at Singjamei Mayengbam Leikai after the driver refuse to pay Rs 40 as tax.
A truck driver was assaulted.
Atlanta Hawks guard Anthony Johnson was ejected from Friday's game against the Raptors after elbowing Toronto guard Jose Calderón in the back of the head with 41.3 seconds left in the first half.
Atlanta Hawks guard Anthony Johnson was ejected after elbowing Toronto guard Jose Calderón.
``The Kroger Co. today (9/30/09) announced a new fuel incentive program that lets its customers save as much as $1 a gallon on gas purchases at any of its 48 Greater Cincinnati, Northern Kentucky and Dayton, Ohio fuel centers,'' reports the Cincinnati Enquirer.
The Kroger Co. today announced a new fuel incentive program.
European fire ants, capable of inflicting painful stings, are reported to be infesting Lower Mainland gardens.
Fire ants are reported to be infesting Lower Mainland gardens.
A Kaua'i attorney was convicted of harassment Thursday after being accused of licking his client's ear at his office last year.
A Kaua'i attorney was convicted of harassment Thursday.
So imagine what it's like to be Alex Auld, who will start in the Montreal net tonight in Atlanta for just the second time this season, his only other action having come 28 days ago.
Alex Auld will start in the Montreal tonight.
In an effort to help US residents with loved ones in Japan, wireless providers including AT\u0026T, Verizon, and digital home phone service provider Time Warner are offering free long distance calls and text messages to Japan from the United States and Puerto Rico, the companies reported in releases.
Wireless providers are offering free calls and text messages to Japan.
In Kenya, the United Nations World Food Programme is scaling up food assistance to feed 3.5 million people hit by drought and high food prices.
In Kenya, the World Food Programme is scaling up assistance.
A home contractor who unlawfully cashed a check and opened homeowners' mail pleaded no contest Thursday and was sentenced to two years probation and ordered to pay restitution.
A contractor pleaded and was sentenced to two years probation.
Ajax agreed to a two-year deal with Denmark midfielder Christian Poulsen on Thursday.
Ajax agreed to a deal with Christian Poulsen.
With sales tax revenue down 3.4 percent, they said, the city's ``serious economic crisis'' would be worsened if a sales tax exemption were granted on utility fees Omahans are paying to finance $2.8 billion in sewer, water and natural gas line improvements.
The city's economic crisis would be worsened.
New York based company Time Warner Cable has acquired cable operator Insight Communications for $3 billion in cash.
Time Warner Cable has acquired Insight Communications.
Pakistan's former President Pervez Musharraf announced he would return to Pakistan later this month and prepare for elections, something that could add to political turbulence in an already tense atmosphere in the country.
Pakistan's Pervez Musharraf announced he would return to Pakistan this month.
Muslim militants beheaded a 61-year-old farmer they abducted in the southern Philippines last month, a military spokesman said Monday.
Muslim militants beheaded a farmer they abducted in the southern Philippines.
Frank Lampard has admitted for the first time that he wants to become Chelsea boss.
Frank Lampard wants to become Chelsea boss.
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt announced late last week that it has acquired a number of popular assets from John Wiley and Sons.
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt has acquired a number of assets from John Wiley and Sons.
Prince Harry turns 27 Thursday, but the Royal ginger won't be partying it up too hard.
Prince Harry turns 27.
Two Indian brothers, one of them a pilot instructor, have died along with an American national in a plane crash in the US, reports here said.
Two Indian brothers have died in a plane crash in the US.
The retailer - who has recently announced a fashion-music venture with friend Simon Cowell - said that business was ``still good''.
Business was good.
The Ontario Legislature resumes Tuesday, but Premier Dalton McGuinty announced last week a prorogation will precede the upcoming throne speech and budget in March.
The Legislature resumes Tuesday.
Halifax, Nova Scotia-based Shear Wind has closed its previously announced private placement consisting of the issuance of 3.5 million units at a price of $0.47 per unit for total proceeds of $1.7 million.
Shear Wind has closed its private placement.
Korea has overtaken Japan in terms of trade surplus this year for the first time in its history on the back of local exporters' efforts to diversify their overseas markets coupled with the Japanese yen's strength against the dollar.
Korea has overtaken Japan in terms of trade surplus.
Mobily on Tuesday launched the latest BlackBerry phone, the Curve 8900.
Mobily launched the latest BlackBerry phone.
JJB Sports says it is likely to breach its banking covenants as sales continue to fall short of expectations at the sports shop chain.
JJB Sports says it is likely to breach its banking covenants.
The Stewards of the Irish National Hunt Steeplechase (INHS) Committee have confirmed that the new plastic hurdles will be trialled at Sligo, Roscommon, Kilbeggan and Ballinrobe with a review planned at the end of the racing season.
The new hurdles will be trialled.
A Brooklyn Park man was sentenced Tuesday to 20 years in prison for trying to kill his estranged wife in an bloody attack that took place a month after she left him in the wake of what prosecutors said was an earlier assault.
A Brooklyn Park man was sentenced to 20 years for trying to kill his wife.
The well-known theater play by Lakis Lazopoulos, ``Sorry...I'm Greek,'' which received warm applause in Europe lately, will also travel to Cyprus July 22-27 for limited performances.
The play by Lakis Lazopoulos will travel to Cyprus July 22.
American singer Lady Gaga has been tested for lupus.
Lady Gaga has been tested for lupus.
A mother and son avoided serious injury during a rollover accident on Wednesday afternoon thanks to their seatbelts.
A mother and son avoided serious injury during a rollover accident.
Mumbai, Aug 30 Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan, who filed a police complaint against an unknown person who had been sending derogatory and abusive messages on his blog and mobile phone, revealed Monday that the police is investigating the matter.
The police is investigating the matter.
``Today, markets are likely to open marginally higher. The undertone continues to be bullish. 5,625.50 is the immediate resistance, a crossover of which can take the Nifty all the way to 5,740. Yesterday low 5,567 is the immediate support. Economic data to watch out for include weekly inflation data from India and consumer credit, trade balance and jobless claims data from the US,`` notes brokerage house Anagram.
Markets are. 5,567 is the immediate support.
Former Calgary Flames forward Brett Sutter has pleaded guilty to punching a cab driver during an office incident on a road trip in Arizona.
Brett Sutter has pleaded guilty to punching a cab driver.
German stocks fell for the eighth time in nine days, led by banks, on concern the deepening global recession will curb company earnings.
German stocks fell.
Juan Martin del Potro will play for Argentina in their Davis Cup quarter-final at home to Croatia next month, captain Martin Jaite said on Monday.
Juan Martin del Potro will play for Argentina at home to Croatia.
After initially denying his mother's revelation that the late King of Pop Michael Jackson gave him drugs, after spending a night at Jackson's Neverland Ranch, singer Aaron Carter is now claiming that the King of Pop did give him drugs and alcohol, specifically wine and cocaine.
Singer Aaron Carter is claiming the King of Pop did give drugs, wine and cocaine.
A WOMAN hid her newborn baby in a toilet water tank because she did not want her roommates to find out about the baby, reported Metro Ahad.
A WOMAN hid her newborn baby in a toilet water tank.
The Coast Guard rescued a father and son after the two were in the water for more than 12 hours.
The Coast Guard rescued a father and son.
ITV, Britain's biggest free-to-air commercial broadcaster, has agreed to buy Channel Islands broadcaster Channel Television from Yattendon, bringing an independent corner of its regional network under its ownership.
ITV has agreed to buy Channel Television.
HolidayLEDs.com, an e-commerce company specializing in energy-efficient LED holiday and decorative lighting, announced today that it will extend its Christmas light recycling program indefinitely.
HolidayLEDs.com will extend its recycling program indefinitely.
Taylor, Bean \u0026 Whitaker Mortgage Corp. filed for relief under Chapter 11 bankruptcy to focus on restructuring its operations and potential wind-down of its assets, the company said Monday.
Taylor,, Bean \u0026 Whitaker Mortgage Corp. filed under bankruptcy.
Beach access has become a long drawn-out court battle in many coastal states.
Beach access has become a court battle.
A MAN is in a ``serious'' condition in hospital after being attacked in a South Woodford street earlier this evening.
A MAN is in a serious condition after being attacked in a South Woodford street.
Fitch Ratings has taken various rating actions on 266 classes in 30 small- balance commercial transactions.
Fitch Ratings has taken various actions in 30 small balance commercial transactions.
The YWCA has sold its former Downtown building to a local osteopath, thereby cutting the organization's most visible tie with its past.
The YWCA has sold its building to a local osteopath.
The Obama Administration's special envoy Richard Holbrooke met with President Asif Ali Zardari and discussed US-Pakistan cooperation in wide-ranging areas.
Richard Holbrooke met with Asif Ali Zardari.
``We are checking information that $100K were spent on Akmat Bakiyev's escape,'' announced Corruption Fighting Committee Head Turatbek Madylbekov to 24.kg news agency.
We are checking information $ 100K were spent on Akmat Bakiyev's escape.
The Volvo China Open will return to the European Tour international schedule for the seventh consecutive year when Jinji Lake Golf Club, in Suzhou, hosts the $2.5 million event from on April 15-18, 2010.
The Volvo China Open will return to the European Tour schedule.
It turns out Wyclef Jean really is serious about running for president of Haiti.
Wyclef Jean is serious about running for president of Haiti.
Kenji Johjima, Japan's first Major League Baseball catcher, played his final game on Saturday, starting behind the plate in the Western League game between Hanshin against Orix.
Kenji Johjima played his final game.
Britain Prime Minister Gordon Brown warned that the failed Detroit plane bombing showed that terrorism remains a ``very real'' global threat as the world enters a new year.
Terrorism remains a real global threat.
An Indianapolis man paralyzed in a diving accident two years ago is launching a nonprofit foundation to help other youths with spinal cord injuries attend college and succeed.
An man is launching a foundation to help youths with spinal injuries.
Nelson Mandela has been admitted to hospital with a lung infection, the office of South African President Jacob Zuma says.
Nelson Mandela has been admitted to hospital.
A Thai court issued arrest warrants Tuesday for exiled former premier Thaksin Shinawatra and 12 of his supporters over protests in the kingdom, police said.
A Thai court issued arrest warrants for former premier, police said.
The acclaimed singer has revealed on his website that his first love was a man.
The singer has revealed his first love was a man.
Celador International rested its case against Disney in the ``Who Wants to Be a Millionaire'' trial Tuesday -- and now that it's the defense's turn to start calling witnesses, you'd think some fresh perspectives were coming soon to the federal courtroom in Riverside.
Celador International rested its case against Disney.
With the rolling Atlantic ocean behind him, yachtsman Ben Ainslie set the London Olympic torch relay on the road from Land's End in the extreme south-west tip of England on Saturday.
Ben Ainslie set the torch relay on the road.
TearScience, a Morrisville, NC-based developer of a device to diagnose and treat chronic dry eye disease, has raised $44.5 million in Series C funding.
TearScience, has raised $ 44.5 million.
Republican Senator Lindsey Graham estimated US drone strikes had killed 4,700 people, but defended the program as a necessary tactical weapon.
Lindsey Graham estimated US drone strikes had killed 4,700 people.
MOODY'S cut the long-term ratings of five Danish banks, saying yesterday that the government had become less willing to bail out depositors and creditors in the event of a bankruptcy.
MOODY 'S cut the ratings of five Danish banks.
The Bombay High Court on Tuesday granted bail to cartoonist Aseem Trivedi, who is facing a sedition case, saying if drawing cartoons was the only allegation against him, then his custody was not required.
The Bombay High Court granted bail to cartoonist Aseem Trivedi.
A commission has recommended that a Forsyth County District Court judge be suspended for violating judicial ethics by fixing traffic tickets.
A commission has recommended a Forsyth County Court judge be suspended.
Many solicitors are threatening to boycott controversial virtual court sessions introduced to north Kent, according to one legal expert who branded the system an 'expensive gimmick'.
Solicitors are threatening to boycott virtual court sessions.
13 hours ago ST. JOHN'S, NL - Curtis McElhinney made 46 saves as the Springfield Falcons defeated the St. John's IceCaps 4-2 in American Hockey League action Saturday night.
Curtis McElhinney made 46 saves as the Springfield Falcons defeated the St. John's IceCaps 4 2.
FORMER Federal Commissioner for Information and Ijaw Leader, Chief Edwin Clark, said, yesterday, that at 85, he should not be afraid to say what he wants to say, against the backdrop that he was close to the grave.
At 85, FORMER Federal Commissioner for Information and Ijaw Leader should not be afraid to say what he wants.
Middle Eastern marketing consulting firm LOJINE has opened an office in Second Life, making it the first company in the region to do so.
LOJINE has opened an office in Second Life.
Town Sports International, New York, announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire Fitcorp, Boston.
Town Sports International has entered into an agreement to acquire Fitcorp.
Stock index futures are pointing to higher opening as investors digest the results of a key loan offering by the European Central Bank.
Futures are pointing to higher opening.
The Government said it has no plans to utilize unclaimed money of employees provident fund organisation which has accumulated to the tune of Rs 38.37 billion, even as EPFO is making efforts to trace those who have not taken their dues, reports Economic Times.
The Government said it has no plans to utilize unclaimed money, EPFO is making.
A new study suggests that this year consumers in Saskatchewan will spend less.
Consumers will spend less.
After Sunday's game was rained out, the Mets will give Johan Santana extra rest and push his next start back to Wednesday at Citi Field against the Phillies.
The Mets will give Johan Santana extra rest.
Finnish power plants and ship power solutions supplier Wartsila Corporation said on Monday that it will supply a 100 MW power plant to Togo to produce electricity for the national grid.
Wartsila Corporation will supply a power plant to Togo.
The new executive board of the Jacksonville Women Lawyers Association was sworn in at its first meeting under new President Stephanie Harriett Wednesday at the offices of Murphy \u0026 Anderson.
The executive board was sworn in.
A Thornville man was killed in a single-vehicle crash early Saturday morning, the Ohio Highway Patrol reports.
A Thornville man was killed in a crash.
We missed the actual date when Facebook jumped the shark, but I'm calling it now, even if I'm two years late.
Facebook jumped the shark.
A new sports bill is aimed at providing support for talented youth, top level sport and sport at schools, Education Minister Jan Mikolaj told SLOVAKIA on Monday.
A new bill is aimed at providing support for talented youth, sport and sport at schools.
A 30-year-old man from Nottinghamshire has admitted killing his grandfather and seriously injuring his grandmother, police said.
A man has admitted killing his grandfather.
Penn State Behrend split a non-conference baseball doubleheader with Fredonia State, with the host Lions winning the second game 10-2 after a 12-6 loss in the opener.
Penn State Behrend split a baseball doubleheader with Fredonia State.
The Bourse opened the week on a high note, with 5.3 million shares valued at Sh181 million, up from Sh57 million on a volume of 1.7 million shares posted last Friday.
The Bourse opened the week on a high note.
Mortgage Choice Ltd chief executive Paul Lahiff says Australia's housing cycle is ``bottoming'' and that mortgage volumes should pick up on the back of record rental demand, increased immigration and volatile other investment classes.
Australia's housing cycle is bottoming.
A cash heist at a butchers in the South African port of Durban ended in a bloodbath on Friday when police shot dead all eight suspects as they fled with their loot.
A heist ended in a bloodbath.
Two men were killed in a small plane crash in Grady County late Friday night.
Two men were killed in a small plane crash in Grady County.
The severely obese tend to feel too helpless to fight back and reduce their weight, says an Australian study.
The severely obese tend to feel too helpless to fight back.
Oil prices hit new highs for the year yesterday as the dollar fell to new lows against the euro, showing how much the weak US currency has come to dominate energy markets.
Oil prices hit highs for the year.
Rapper Lil Boosie aka Torrance Hatch has been indicted of first degree murder and drug charges.
Lil Boosie Torrance Hatch has been indicted of first degree murder and drug charges.
Cadillac said it would unveil its ATS luxury sedan on the eve of Detroit's North American International Auto show in early January.
Cadillac would unveil its ATS luxury sedan.
A deep low moved over the Taranaki Bight this morning and should cross the North Island before midday.
A deep low moved and should cross the North Island.
South Korea is pushing to sign a trilateral civil agreement with Japan and China to help curb illegal fishing in South Korean waters, Seoul officials said Wednesday.
South Korea is pushing to sign a civil agreement to help curb illegal fishing.
Thirty-six-year-old Yordan Yovchev won a bronze medal for Bulgaria at the European Gymnastics Championship in Milan, Italy.
Yordan Yovchev won a bronze medal for Bulgaria in Milan.
On Monday, city council will consider amending the current noise ordinance for residential neighborhoods from 75 decibels after 11 pm to 55 decibels.
City council will consider amending the noise ordinance.
Several Mexican newspapers are reporting that US President Barack Obama will visit Guadalajara next month to take part in the North American Leaders' Summit.
Barack Obama will visit Guadalajara next month.
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs told reporters today that President Obama will attend the memorial service for the 13 killed at Fort Hood.
Obama will attend the memorial service for the 13 killed at Fort Hood.
It is reported that the military are to take complete control of London airspace during the Olympics for the first time since the Second World War.
The military are to take control of London airspace.
A cockerel in Hucknall, Notts, is looking for a new home after his hen died from exhaustion.
A cockerel is looking for a new home.
A SCHOOL was evacuated for the third time within a week today after another chemical leak.
A SCHOOL was evacuated for the third time after another chemical leak.
Ford Motor Co surprised Wall Street with a quarterly profit on Monday and raised its 2011 outlook to ``solidly profitable,'' sending its shares up 5.7 percent in premarket trading.
Ford Motor Co surprised with a quarterly profit.
Two bomb blasts killed 19 people in Baghdad on Monday, police and Iraqi security forces said, despite increased security across the capital for a historic visit by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
Two bomb blasts killed 19 people in Baghdad.
The Missouri Department of Conservation has confirmed the presence of a mountain lion on the Department's Peck Ranch Conservation Area in northwest Carter and eastern Shannon counties based on trail camera photos taken Feb. 2, and the carcass of an elk calf found on the conservation area.
The Missouri Department of Conservation has confirmed the presence of a mountain lion, and the carcass found on the area.
US imposes duties for Korean washers Updated: 08:33, Thursday May 31, 2012 The United States has imposed anti-subsidy duties on large home washers made by South Korean manufacturers, slapping the largest by far on Daewoo Electronics.
US imposes duties for Korean washers.
Ferrellgas Partners LP shares fell Monday after an analyst downgraded the stock, saying the company's debt is bigger than peers and that it could have a tough time paying it down.
Ferrellgas Partners LP shares fell downgraded.
Antivirus software is extremely poor at detecting the top three Trojans responsible for theft from UK financial institutions, says IT security firm Trusteer.
Antivirus software is poor at detecting the top three Trojans, says Trusteer.
ITALIAN rugby union captain Sergio Parisse has been suspended for eight weeks for gouging during the 6-27 Test loss to New Zealand in Christchurch.
ITALIAN rugby union captain Sergio Parisse has been suspended for eight weeks.
Derby boss Paul Jewell is adamant he has nothing to prove to anyone at Sheffield Wednesday, despite enduring the worst time of his career with the Owls.
Paul Jewell has nothing to prove.
Ford said Thursday it will add 1,800 workers at a plant in Louisville to build the Escape, the second best-selling small SUV in the US after the Honda CR-V. The automaker is investing $600 million in the plant, which will be shut for a year while new equipment is installed so that Ford can build the Escape on a more fuel-efficient car platform.
Ford said it will add 1,800 workers.
As I read in the paper of all the recent deaths of our brave soldiers who gave their all to keep this great country of ours free, I have to wonder where are all those anti-war protesters who lined the corner of Stockdale and California Avenues.
Where are those protesters.
Digital River Inc. said Wednesday it has paid $10 million to buy in-game and online commerce service provider Fatfoogoo.
Digital River Inc. has paid $ 10 million to buy in game and Fatfoogoo.
He is now part of the ``serve at the pleasure'' club, the face-saving phrase that ousted government officials trot out whenever they're forced to leave office, or rumored to be soon sent packing.
He is part of the serve at the pleasure club.
A stunned farmer says the moment he found two American bulldogs savaging his prize bull was like seeing ``lions attacking a zebra''.
The moment was like seeing lions attacking a zebra.
The Israeli intelligence agency, Mossad, will apologize for using British passports in the murder of a Hamas commander this year in Dubai, the Daily Telegraph reported Sunday quoting Israeli sources.
The Israeli agency, Mossad, will apologize for using British passports.
28/05/11 News is that there is a new 'hottie' on the sets of Indra Kumar's 'Double Dhamaal'.
There is a new hottie on the sets of Indra Kumar's Double Dhamaal.
A roadside bomb probably set by Taliban insurgents killed at least 14 Afghan civilians aboard a minibus Thursday in the country's northwest, normally a relatively safe area.
A roadside bomb killed at least 14 Afghan civilians.
CONTROVERSIAL chairman Gianni Paladini is set to leave QPR with a two-year pay off.
Gianni Paladini is set to leave QPR.
Anna Hazare Saturday condemned the ink attack on yoga guru Baba Ramdev in the capital and asserted that such attempts will not scare those working for people.
Anna Hazare Saturday condemned the ink attack on Baba Ramdev.
The oil major Naftohaz Ukrainy paid in full for the Russian gas consumed in May, the head of its public and media relations directorate, Valentyn Zemlyanskyy said.
The Naftohaz Ukrainy paid in full for the Russian gas.
``The tragic loss of lives in the war between Azerbaijan and Armenia reminds us that there cannot be a military solution to the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict'', Acting Deputy Spokesperson Patrick Ventrell said during a briefing in Washington, APA reports.
There can not be a military solution to the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict.
A Winston-Salem man died Thursday after a two-vehicle wreck near the Yadkin River.
A Winston-Salem man died after a wreck near the Yadkin River.
Lindsay Lohan has amazingly compared herself to screen legend Marilyn Monroe and insists she does not want to be a celebrity.
Lindsay Lohan has compared herself to Marilyn Monroe.
Flood affected school children in the Kalutara District numbering about 40,000 who had lost their school books would get new school text books, new school uniform material and exercise books, Deputy Minister of Education Nirmala Kotelawala told The Island yesterday.
Flood affected children would get.
Labour has accused BBC Scotland of political bias, claiming that its use of phrases like ``the London government'' is playing into the hands of the Scottish Nationalists.
Labour has accused BBC Scotland of bias.
Kurt Busch will test an IndyCar for Andretti Autosport, two days before opening practice at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
Kurt Busch will test an IndyCar for Andretti Autosport.
A Welsh caretaker has raised £150,000 for a local hospice over the last 13 years, Wales Online reports.
A Welsh caretaker has raised £ 150,000 for a hospice.
Three Westport police officers were honored for their bravery Monday night by fellow Connecticut officers at a dinner in New Haven.
Three Westport police officers were honored for their bravery.
Coppell police are investigating reports of possible cougar or mountain lion sightings in the area around Belt Line Road and Mockingbird Lane.
Coppell police are investigating reports of possible cougar sightings.
Crystal Harris confirmed on Friday that she was indeed back with Playboy founder Hugh Hefner.
Crystal Harris confirmed she was back with Hugh Hefner.
Erich Segal, author of the tearjerker novel Love story and screenwriter of the Oscar-winning film version, has died at age 72, his daughter said Tuesday, according to The New York Times.
Erich Segal, author, has died.
Office fruit fans who are trying to shift some pounds can always find some time to fit in exercise during the day, one writer has suggested.
Office fruit fans can always find some time to fit in exercise.
A young girl was the victim of a serious assault in Donegal town in the early hours of last Sunday morning and had to be taken to Sligo General hospital by ambulance.
A girl was the victim of a serious assault.
Middletown senior running back/linebacker EJ Junior will visit UC this weekend, according to Middletown coach Troy Everhart.
Middletown senior running back / linebacker EJ Junior will visit UC this weekend.
Illinois quarterback Juice Williams left the game against Minnesota with an apparent left leg injury.
Juice Williams left the game against Minnesota.
A Fraser Valley restaurant was sprayed with bullets and threatening graffiti, in what police say was an attack aimed at those opposing gangs.
A Fraser Valley restaurant was sprayed with bullets and threatening graffiti.
Luxoft, a Russian offshore programming company, said it opened a software development center in Vietnam to cut costs.
Luxoft, a Russian company, said it opened a software center in Vietnam.
Joanna Lumley has turned her back on acting to become a TV director, making her debut with a short film about her own life, Sky1 drama 'Little Crackers'.
Joanna Lumley has turned back on acting.
Roger Federer pulled out of the Gerry Weber Open grass-court tournament to rest his groin ahead of Wimbledon.
Roger Federer pulled out of the Gerry Weber Open tournament.
The YM-YWHA of Union County will host a Blood Drive on Sunday, March 14.
The YM-YWHA of Union County will host a Blood Drive.
AP Jan 08, 2011 19:16:37 PM Indianapolis Colts cornerback Kelvin Hayden is inactive for Saturday night's playoff game against the New York Jets after being placed on injured reserve with a neck injury.
Indianapolis Colts cornerback Kelvin Hayden is after being placed on injured reserve with a neck injury.
``I have already said the elections will be held on time,'' he said in an interview with BBC Urdu's new television programme ``Sairbeen''.
The elections will be held on time.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has revealed that he would have ``preferred'' to have sold striker Robin van Persie to a club abroad as opposed to Premier League rivals Manchester United.
Arsene Wenger would have preferred to have sold Robin van Persie abroad.
After watching this gloriously NSFW video multiple times, the only things I know for sure is that John McAfee clearly isn't a fan of his former anti-virus software company that still bears his name, and that he continues to be one super weird dude.
John McAfee isn't, and he continues to be one weird dude.
Aerolineas Argentinas has rejoined IATA as a full member after a ten year break.
Aerolineas Argentinas has rejoined IATA as a full member.
Puma AG, Europe's second-largest sporting-goods maker, said Chief Executive Officer Jochen Zeitz will become executive chairman and the company will seek a new CEO.
Puma AG said Chief Executive Officer Jochen Zeitz will become chairman.
Oil dipped below $83 a barrel in Asian trade today as concerns over the US economic recovery weighed on sentiment.
Oil dipped below $ 83 in Asian trade.
And a hometown hero was there to throw out the first pitch.
And a hometown hero was to throw out the first pitch.
A bomb destroyed a police station in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi early on Thursday but caused no casualties, a security source told AFP, in a second attack targeting the building.
A bomb destroyed a police station in the Libyan city of Benghazi.
The state's quasi-public economic development agency lost track of $69 million in loans to businesses because no one was in charge of keeping tabs on that money, members of the board that oversees the agency were told Friday.
The state's agency lost track of $ 69 million.
the City of Clarksville will host its annual department-wide Chili Cook Off to benefit the United Way.
The City will host its annual Chili Cook Off to benefit the United Way.
To succeed at this game, the CEO should consider becoming the brand rejuvenation chief in order to provide the necessary recognition for the new positioning.
The CEO should consider becoming the brand rejuvenation chief.
A former Merrimack woman and Goffstown teacher will spend a weekend in jail after pleading guilty to violating the terms of her bail conditions.
A former Merrimack woman and Goffstown teacher will spend a weekend in jail.
Long-term insulin use does not harm people with diabetes or pre-diabetes or put them at risk of heart attacks, strokes or cancer, a new study has claimed.
Insulin use does not harm people with diabetes.
Transport for London has revealed that its £7.6bn efficiency programme is running ahead of schedule with £1.8bn already saved, £433M ahead of target.
Transport for London has revealed its efficiency programme is running ahead of schedule.
Adam LaRoche homered twice, including a grand slam, as the Pittsburgh Pirates rolled past the Los Angeles Dodgers 15-8 Wednesday.
Adam LaRoche homered twice.
That's right, columnist John Clay argues that the Run for the Roses, the so-called ``best two minutes in sports,'' should be run under the lights so that more TV ad revenue can be generated.
The Run for the Roses should be run under the lights.
Iranians and others held a candlelight vigil Sunday night in Westwood to voice their support for those in their homeland who are defying a government crackdown to protest the country's presidential election and call for freedom and democracy.
Iranians held a candlelight vigil in Westwood.
Deutsche Bank has launched its second bond issue in Taiwan, which offers investors a fixed interest rate of 3%.
Deutsche Bank has launched its second bond issue in Taiwan.
Away from the headlines of job losses, grumbling artists and falling global sales, the music industry is trying new business models to boost digital sales and offset the fall in CD sales.
The music industry is trying to boost digital sales.
As law enforcement agencies continued with their efforts to gain the upper hand against criminals disrupting peace in the city, 12 more target killing suspects were arrested on Friday from different parts of the cty.
12 more target killing suspects were arrested.
News presenter Natasha Kaplinsky has given birth to a baby girl, her publicist has confirmed.
Natasha Kaplinsky has given birth to a baby girl.
After unveiling an offbeat new track called One Way Trigger last week, The Strokes have officially announced a new studio album, Comedown Machine.
The Strokes have announced a new album, Comedown Machine.
McDonald's reveals the top 12 ``Voice of McDonald's'' global finalists; winners come from five continents and 11 countries.
McDonald reveals the 12 Voice of McDonald's finalists.
THE JSE ended 385 points in the red yesterday, weighed heavily by sharply weaker resources with an opening recovery on Wall Street and a rally in gold counters failing to push the bourse into positive territory.
THE JSE ended, weighed by weaker resources.
Japan Airlines filed for bankruptcy protection on Tuesday in Japan's fifth-largest corporate failures, even as the government pledged about Y900bn to keep the carrier operational until it completes its restructuring.
Japan Airlines filed for bankruptcy protection.
The fire danger level will be raised from ``high'' to ``very high'' Sunday in the Angeles National Forest as the mercury rose from below average to above average over the weekend.
The fire danger level will be raised to very high.
A Louisville man is accused of stealing more than $20,000 worth of computers and jewelry from the Wal-Mart at 3706 Diann Marie Road.
A Louisville man is accused of stealing worth of computers and jewelry from the Wal-Mart.
A Russian space craft Soyuz carrying a NASA flight engineer, a Japanese astronaut and a Russian commander has blasted off for the International Space Station.
A craft Soyuz, has blasted off for the International Space Station.
Moga, Aug 26 Private bus operators today blocked traffic for about an hour protesting against alleged manhandling by college students of a conductor and bus driver.
Private bus operators today blocked traffic.
BARCELONA, Spain -Espanyol drew 0-0 at last-place Real Sociedad on Sunday in the Spanish league.
Spain Espanyol drew 0 0 at Real Sociedad.
European shares extended losses on Friday afternoon, with banks sharply lower and oil producers and drugmakers not far behind.
European shares extended losses.
Speculations are firing up in the market that Apple would launch its long-awaited iPhone 5 in June.
Apple would launch its iPhone 5 in June.
Jersey Shore's Snooki has big dreams for her sentimental life, having grown tired of going out only with ``gorillas'' who don't know how to make a girl feel special: she wants to date a businessman.
Jersey Shore's Snooki wants to date a businessman.
The experimental traffic plan in the St. James and Woodbrook areas will now end in three days' time.
The experimental traffic plan will end.
The state faces an unprecedented drop in tax revenue and a widening budget deficit amid the deepest recession in decades, prompting Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger to propose cost-cutting steps that once seemed unthinkable.
The state faces an unprecedented drop.
Australia will again struggle with the weight of history, and the effects of altitude, in the Tri-Nations test against South Africa in Bloemfontein on Saturday as it searches for a long-awaited victory on the highveld.
Australia will struggle with the weight of history.
The Australian stock market has received mixed leads from overseas overnight, with Wall Street and oil trading lower, but precious metals higher in mid-afternoon trade.
The Australian stock market has received mixed leads.
(JURIST) JURIST (FAQ) was nominated Tuesday for a prestigious Webby Award (awards website) as the best Law website of 2008.
JURIST was nominated for a Webby Award as the best Law website.
Next year, Virgin Galactic is expected to release a state-of-the-art small satellite launcher, known as LauncherOne.
Year, Virgin Galactic is expected to release a small satellite launcher.
Cold wave conditions today continued to persist in Punjab and Haryana with the mercury settling below normal levels in the region.
Cold wave conditions today continued to persist in Punjab and Haryana.
Network Rail has told ITV News Central they are 'deeply sorry' after being found guilty of breaching health and safety rules.
Network Rail are deeply sorry.
The ``wet weather'' rally continued this week as more and more farmers sat down at their desks to put pencil to paper and make decisions regarding the fate of their unplanted acres.
The wet weather rally continued.
NHS Worcestershire is reporting a £3.1m overspend on Continuing Care due to a growth in client numbers compared to 2010-11.
Worcestershire is reporting a overspend on Continuing Care.
Fernando Gago was one of three domestically-based players added to the Argentina squad on Sunday for World Cup qualifiers against Colombia and Ecuador.
Fernando Gago was one of three players added to the Argentina squad for qualifiers.
YouTube has launched a memorial channel for journalists who have been killed while reporting from around the world.
YouTube has launched a memorial channel for journalists.
Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama took a day off the campaign trail in Chicago, but he spent Saturday in the battleground state of Missouri.
Barack Obama took a day off the campaign trail in Chicago.
Microsoft says more than 1.5 million Windows Phone 7 devices have been sold in the platform's first six weeks on the market.
Microsoft says more than 1.5 million Windows Phone 7 devices have been sold.
Nottinghamshire snatched the LV= County Championship First Division title away from Somerset on a thrilling final day of the season.
Nottinghamshire snatched the title.
SQLblog.com has chosen web hosting provider MaximumASP as its ``preferred hosting partner'', it was reported today.
SQLblog.com has chosen web hosting provider MaximumASP.
Los Angeles, Jan 19 The financially troubled actor Nicholas Cage has said that he intends to pay back all the IRS dues that are pending.
Nicholas Cage intends to pay back the IRS dues.
Desperately needed aid from around the world began arriving today in quake-stunned Haiti, while rescuers struggled frantically to save the trapped and injured, using pickup trucks as ambulances and doors as stretchers.
Aid began arriving in Haiti.
Two Men and a Truck donated their services to pick up and return wrestling mats for the tournament, which were donated by area schools, including Cincinnati Hills Christian, Mariemont and Kings High Schools.
Two Men and a Truck donated their services.
The Nigerian federal high court has overturned the election of well known local businessman Aliko Dangote as president of the Nigerian Stock Exchange following an appeal by shareholders in African Petroleum whose stock price the billionaire was accused of manipulating.
The Nigerian federal high court has overturned the election of Aliko Dangote as president of the Nigerian Stock Exchange.
President Obama on Thursday called on Congress to fully fund his State Department budget request, saying ``we're going to need Congress as a partner'' to help protect Americans serving overseas.
President Obama called on Congress to fully fund his State Department budget request.
Eight children have been injured in a school bus accident on the Key Peninsula in South Puget Sound, north of Olympia.
Eight children have been injured in a school bus accident, north of Olympia.
NBC News veteran Edwin Newman, one of the most respected of broadcast news journalists, has died at 91.
Veteran Edwin Newman has died at 91.
Furry, fuzzy and adorable, two 11-week-old snow leopard cubs at the Granby Zoo are being hailed as survivors.
Two snow leopard cubs are being hailed as survivors.
Afghan authorities detained a Japanese television journalist in Kabul overnight, officials said, after the government announced that media should not report violence during ongoing elections.
Afghan authorities detained a Japanese journalist.
The Canadian government could save up to $18 million a year by adopting ``Open Office'' software instead of continuing to deal with traditional suppliers who charge licensing fees for their computer applications, says a risk-assessment paper prepared for Public Works and Government Services Canada.
The Canadian government could save up by adopting software.
Banfield were crowned Apertura champions for the first time despite a 2-0 loss at Boca Juniors in the final round.
Banfield were crowned Apertura champions.
Nokia Siemens Networks has launched new EV-DO Advanced software to help operators meet rising demand for mobile broadband.
Nokia Siemens Networks has launched EV - DO Advanced software.
Jorge De La Rosa exited Tuesday's game against the Diamondbacks in the third inning with an apparent injury.
Jorge De La Rosa exited with an apparent injury.
Toyota Kirloskar Motor today announced that it will ramp up its annual production capacity to 2,10,000 units.
Toyota Kirloskar Motor will ramp up its production capacity to 2,10,000 units.
The United States is ``very close'' to selling some 18 F16 fighter jets to Iraq, a top Pentagon official announced Wednesday.
The United States is very close to selling some 18 F16 jets to Iraq.
Bob Dylan is set to release a ``surprise album'' this spring, marking the folk legend's first proper full-length since 2006's Modern Times.
Bob Dylan is set to release a surprise album.
Tipperary-based Trustwater has won the overall 'Innovation of the Year' award at the Irish Times InterTradeIreland Innovation Awards 2013.
Trustwater has won the overall Innovation of the Year ' award.
A woman employee of the Electronics Corporation of India Limited succumbed to burns she suffered in the yesterday's fire even as the police are waiting the internal inquiry report constituted by the ECIL authorities for further investigations in the case.
A woman employee succumbed to burns.
A local BP foreman was arrested in Bayou La Batre over a confrontation with a city inspector.
A BP foreman was arrested over a confrontation.
ISRAEL plans to order enough H1N1 flu vaccine to immunise all its 7 million citizens, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office said in a statement on Wednesday, days after Israel's first confirmed death from the disease.
ISRAEL plans to order vaccine.
Goshen approved another moratorium on new development that will give the town and its consultants time to consider proposed zoning code revisions.
Goshen approved another moratorium.
With potential computer security threats increasing it has also become more difficult to protect your computer against threats like viruses and spyware, so an external hard drive is good cheap insurance against loss of your computer data.
It has become, so an external hard drive is good cheap insurance.
Charming cueist Pankaj Advani reckons cue sport desperately needs an image makeover and it's time to bid goodbye to the traditional bow tie dress code.
Cue sport needs an image makeover.
The Pirate Bay has moved its servers to the cloud to hinder authorities' attempts to take it offline.
The Pirate Bay has moved to the cloud.
Former US President Jimmy Carter has been hospitalised after being suddenly taken ill on a flight to the city of Cleveland, a media report said.
Former US President Jimmy Carter has been hospitalised.
Bruno Bobak, who was Canada's youngest official war artist during the Second World War, has died in New Brunswick.
Bruno Bobak, who was, has died in New Brunswick.
9 to 5 Hoops will host eight-week basketball clinics in the Zanesville and Tri-Valley areas.
9 to 5 Hoops will host basketball clinics.
Altrincham-based architecture practice Pozzoni has opened a London studio to service its increasing client portfolio in the south.
Pozzoni has opened a London studio.
Hennes \u0026 Mauritz AB, the Stockholm fashion retailer, reported that for April, comparable sales rose 11% while total sales rose 21% from the year-earlier month.
Hennes \u0026 Mauritz AB reported for April, comparable sales rose 11%.
A 16-year-old boy was killed Saturday night in a drive-by shooting, authorities said.
A boy was killed in a drive - by shooting.
Parker McLachlin cruised to seven-stroke victory at the Reno-Tahoe Open on Sunday for his first career PGA Tour win.
Parker McLachlin cruised for his first career win.
Boston Scientific Corp., the Natick maker of medical devices, said yesterday it returned to a profit in the third quarter as sales of heart defibrillators held up despite reported hospital cutbacks.
Boston Scientific Corp. returned to a profit.
Crude oil prices fell as fears about the global economy resurfaced following reports that European banks may have more risky government debt.
Crude oil prices fell.
Long-running US cartoon show The Simpsons may inadvertently promote smoking with its frequent depictions of the habit and references to cigarettes, Australian research has found.
The Simpsons may promote smoking.
Lebanese singer Nancy Ajram denied circulating rumors that she had 18 different plastic surgeries done stressing that no human body can handle having this many operations.
Nancy Ajram denied circulating rumors she had 18 plastic surgeries done.
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev congratulated pop icon Alla Pugachyova on her 60th birthday on Wednesday.
Dmitry Medvedev congratulated pop icon Alla Pugachyova on her 60th birthday.
A man committed suicide in Baku detention center on the night of August 2-3, Sabunchu district prosecutor's office told APA.
A man committed suicide in Baku detention center.
The Associated Press Doug McDermott had 30 points and eight rebounds to lead No. 14 Creighton past Wisconsin 84-74 Friday night for a spot in the Las Vegas Invitational final.
The Doug McDermott had to lead No. 14 Creighton past Wisconsin 84.
A new study suggests another benefit to antimicrobial stewardship: a potential cost savings of millions of dollars now wasted on therapies that don't help patients.
A new study suggests another benefit to antimicrobial stewardship.
Telecoms watchdog Ofcom is backing plans to introduce up to 10 new HD channels on Freeview.
Ofcom is backing plans to introduce up to 10 new HD channels on Freeview.
A British soldier was killed by an explosion in southern Afghanistan today, the Ministry of defense has said.
A British soldier was killed by an explosion in southern Afghanistan.
John Wall is ready to go to Washington and clean up the Wizards.
John Wall is ready to go to Washington.
THE former Buganda Katikkiro, Daniel Muliika, has said he is President Yoweri Museveni's friend.
THE Buganda Katikkiro, Daniel Muliika, has said he is.
The Kootenay Ice have their fingerprints all over the Allan Cup this year, after three former members helped lead the Fort St. John Flyers to the top of the Canadian AAA senior hockey heap.
The Kootenay Ice have their fingerprints all over the Allan Cup.
Dragon Oil has dropped a plan to move its nominal corporate home from Ireland to Bermuda, the Financial Times reported yesterday.
Dragon Oil has dropped a plan to move its home to Bermuda.
The NBA doesn't think so: ``Lakers forward Trevor Ariza will not be suspended by the NBA for his actions on a flagrant foul Monday night against the Portland Trail Blazers. 'Ariza will not be further disciplined,' NBA spokesman Tim Frank said this morning. 'We are still looking at the aftermath of the play.'''
Trevor Ariza will not be suspended on a flagrant foul.
The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Government has planned Mass Transit System for Peshawar under technical assistance of Asian Development Bank to provide quality transport service to people of the city.
The Government has planned Mass Transit System for Peshawar.
The Bank of Canada should consider cutting its key interest rate by 50 basis points next week to avoid unwanted appreciation in the Canadian dollar, JP Morgan said on Wednesday.
The Bank of Canada should consider cutting its rate by 50 basis points, JP Morgan said.
The Defense Department will investigate complaints of substandard mental health care for Marines at Camp Lejeune.
The Defense Department will investigate complaints of mental health care.
Bighorn sheep populations are faring well in Grant County, said District Wildlife Biologist Ryan Torland of Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife.
Bighorn sheep populations are faring well.
Teaching has become far more of a science and far less of an intuitive art under No Child Left Behind mandates.
Teaching has become more of a science under No Child Left Behind.
Asthma is strongly associated with chronic rhinosinusitis and its prevalence varies widely across Europe, according to the results of a multicenter, international study published in the January issue of Allergy.
Asthma is strongly associated with chronic rhinosinusitis.
The Chicago Cubs are calling up top prospect Anthony Rizzo from Triple-A Iowa, reports Randy Peterson of the Des Moines Register.
The Chicago Cubs are calling up Anthony Rizzo.
``Like any sovereign, independent nation, Iraq is free to chart its own course.
Iraq is free to chart its own course.
George Strait and his wife, Norma, are expecting their first grandchild in February 2012, according to ABC News Radio.
George Strait are expecting their first grandchild.
YouTube plans to launch a music subscription service later this year, to allow people to listen to tracks online, and to possibly cut out the ads that precede each video for subscribers, according to Fortune.
YouTube plans to launch a music subscription service.
Democratic Rep. Jay Inslee of Washington will resign his House seat in order to focus on his 2012 run for governor of the state, a Democratic official confirmed to CNN on Saturday.
Jay Inslee will resign his House seat.
A man was killed in a single-vehicle crash early Thursday morning in Boone County.
A man was killed in a crash.
Malaysia Airlines has identified China as a major potential market due to strong growth in the country over the last few years.
Malaysia Airlines has identified China as a major potential market.
The yen rose against higher-yielding currencies as signs the global economic recovery is slowing boosted demand for Japan's currency as a refuge.
The yen rose as signs the global recovery is slowing boosted demand.
Presidential spokesman Mac Maharaj said it would be suicidal to reveal what he told the National Prosecuting Authority's section 28 inquiry in 2001, saying he was not a ``suicide bomber''.
Mac Maharaj was not a suicide bomber.
Cee Lo Green said he recorded a duet with Christina Aguilera while appearing on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon last night.
Cee Lo Green recorded a duet with Christina Aguilera.
The White Sox beat the Rangers 15-12 in 13-to-15-year-old Babe Ruth action Thursday night at Andalusia High School.
The White Sox beat the Rangers 15 12.
CUMBRIA police have launched an operation in a bid to tackle rural crime in the South lakes.
CUMBRIA police have launched an operation in a bid to tackle rural crime.
Madonna recently revealed today that she's planning on doing a new album.
Madonna's planning on doing a new album.
Alexander Haig, a retired four-star general who served as White House chief of staff under Richard Nixon and secretary of state under Ronald Reagan, died early Saturday morning.
Alexander Haig, a four-star general, died.
Stonehenge may have been a burial ground for an ancient royal family, researchers said on Thursday.
Stonehenge may have been for an royal family.
Microsoft announced this morning that it plans to acquire Portugese mobile application company Mobicomp, makers of some very cool mobile tools that we're excited to get our hands on.
Microsoft plans to acquire company Mobicomp.
Senior Housing Properties Trust today announced it has declared a regular quarterly common share dividend of $0.38 per common share.
Senior Housing Properties Trust today announced it has declared a quarterly dividend.
As far as we all know, Gonzalez is not hurt, so he is in fact a great playoff buy.
Gonzalez is a great playoff buy.
Press TV reported that Iran aluminum and alumina exports have exceeded USD 267 million in the first 7 months of the current Iranian year.
Iran aluminum exports have exceeded USD 267 million in the 7 months.
Marvel Studios boss Kevin Feige is convinced 'Iron Man' can live on without Robert Downey Jr because the character is as evergreen as James Bond.
Iron Man can live on without Robert Downey Jr.
Former first daughter Jenna Hager is joining the Today show as an occasional contributor.
Jenna Hager is joining the Today show.
WASHINGTON President Barack Obama said Wednesday that he will travel to Mexico next month as part of a journey that will take him to the Summit of the Americas in Trinidad.
Barack Obama will travel to Mexico next month.
The Australian stock market is set to open modestly higher, as Wall Street rose to another record high.
The Australian market is set to open higher.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has won his 4th world snooker title, beating fellow Englishman Ali Carter 18-11 in the final, having also beaten him the 2008 edition.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has won his 4th world snooker title.
ActionAid is launching its first ever child sponsorship awareness week as part of its efforts to encourage more people to get involved with its fundraising programmes.
ActionAid is launching its first awareness week.
Browns CB Joe Haden has been suspended four games, gutting Cleveland's secondary depth.
Joe Haden has been suspended four games.
Mahendra Karma, the opposition Congress heavyweight in Chhattisgarh who was widely said to be behind the controversial Salwa Judum movement against Maoists, says the state government wants to rule the restive Bastar region at gunpoint as it has lost touch with the people.
The government wants to rule the Bastar region at gunpoint.
The Lowell Devils of the American Hockey League announced that they have signed goaltender Dave Caruso, who has played in the ECHL each of his first two professional seasons.
The Lowell Devils have signed Dave Caruso.
A teacher hunger strike protesting LAUSD budget cuts officially comes to an end today after 24 days.
A teacher hunger strike comes to an end.
Not yet ready to have baby of his own, Spencer Pratt has said that he threatens to divorce Heidi Montag if she insists to get pregnant.
Spencer Pratt threatens to divorce Heidi Montag if she insists to get pregnant.
The Tamil Nadu government would soon unveil a comprehensive new IT policy, aiming to provide 30 lakh jobs and capture a 25 per cent share of Indian ICT production by 2011, local administration minister, Mr MK Stalin announced in the state assembly today.
The Tamil Nadu government would unveil a comprehensive IT policy.
The New York Times reports that Afghan President Hamid Karzai was warned 'that an attack was being planned on a military parade on Sunday, when he escaped an assassination attempt.
Hamid Karzai was warned.
A car bomb exploded in southern Thai province of Yala, triggering a big fire and injuring 18 soldiers and civilians on Sunday, local media reports said.The bomb hidden in a pickup truck was detonated by a remote control as a soldier patrol passed through a municipal area of Yala, Thai-language Matichon online reported by quoting police sources.The report said it needed three hours before the fire, damaging 12 houses and shops, could be stopped.The injured were treated at a Yala hospital, English-language Bangkok Post online said.The restive south of Thailand has been subject to violence for years, with a few thousands of soldiers and civilians already killed.Source:
A car bomb exploded in southern Thai province, triggering and injuring 18 soldiers and civilians.
American film actress Vanessa Hudgens has revealed that she tries to keep a low profile whenever out in public so as to avoid any negative comments from ``haters'' trying to bring her down.
Vanessa Hudgens tries to keep a low profile so to avoid any negative comments.
The University of Alabama has told a local store to stop selling items signed by current athletes, which is a potential violation of NCAA rules.
The University of Alabama has told a store to stop selling items.
Pakistan fast bowler Mohammad Asif was today released from a British jail after completing half of his one-year sentence for his role in a spot-fixing scandal.
Mohammad Asif was today released from a British jail.
Japanese luxury car brand Infiniti is gearing up for its official Australian launch in August with three dealerships positioned in Melbourne, Sydney and Brisbane.
Infiniti is gearing up for its Australian launch.
Nikolay Davydenko's crashed out in the third round of the German Open in Hamburg to Kazakhstan's world number 82 Andrey Golubev.
Nikolay Davydenko crashed out in the third round.
Two young twins have spoken of their ``devastation'' after losing their sight within months of each other while studying for medical and engineering degrees.
Two twins have spoken after losing their sight within months of each other.
The city of Mobile, Alabama, received a $390,000 federal stimulus grant to convert its vehicles to bifuel propane systems and to build a fueling station to support them.
The city of Mobile received a grant to convert its vehicles to bifuel.
SunAmerica Focused Alpha Growth Fund, Inc., a closed-end fund, today announced the estimated amounts of the sources of the Fund's fourth quarterly dividend distribution of $0.05 per share of common stock declared on December 2, 2009 and payable on December 30, 2009 and the cumulative dividend distributions paid year to date.
SunAmerica Focused Alpha Growth Fund, Inc., today announced the estimated amounts of the sources of the Fund's dividend distribution.
Monday, North Korea pledged more cooperation with Cuba to boost socialism as the impoverished nation's Foreign Minister Pak Ui Chun, began a three-day official visit to Havana, reports say.
North Korea pledged cooperation with Cuba to boost socialism, began.
Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram on Friday said a previously announced farm debt relief scheme would now cost 716.8 billion rupees, significantly higher than earlier estimates.
A farm debt relief scheme would now cost 716.8 billion rupees.
The body of an unidentified man was found in Dhaleshwari river in Munshiganj Thursday in what is believed to be another incident of secret killing and dumping.
The body was found in Dhaleshwari river.
The Giants announced on Saturday night that they have signed six tryout players from their rookie mini-camp.
The Giants have signed six tryout players.
Green Bay Packers cornerback Casey Hayward just got braces.
Casey Hayward got braces.
Dr Meredith Burgmann asks 'Why aren't we there yet?' with regards to women in Australian politics.
Meredith Burgmann asks Why aren't there yet.
Most district baseball and softball games involving Licking County teams scheduled for today have been postponed to Thursday because of weather and field conditions.
Most district baseball and softball games have been postponed.
Chancellor George Osborne was warned last night that his ``blatant U-turn'' on North Sea taxes would come back to haunt him.
George Osborne was warned his U-turn would come back to haunt him.
Nicolas Mahut of France won his first ATP title at the age of 31, playing impeccable serve and volley tennis to beat second-seeded Stanislas Wawrinka 6-3 6-4 in the Topshelf Open final today.
Nicolas Mahut won his first ATP title.
Former law and order minister Adriaan Vlok and four others have applied for a presidential pardon for the attempted murder of Reverend Frank Chikane, the Star reported on Tuesday.
Adriaan Vlok have applied for a presidential pardon.
National Party Health spokesman Tony Ryall is amazed that David Cunliffe issued a media statement with starkly false figures.
David Cunliffe issued a statement with false figures.
RESPONSIBLE mining can bring about peace and development, and be a life changer for the people in Mindanao, former Press Secretary Jesus Dureza said.
RESPONSIBLE mining can bring, and be a life changer for the people in Mindanao.
Madonna is reportedly planning a new six-month world tour and has already started auditioning dancers.
Madonna is planning a tour.
Oil prices have plunged 6% this week, erasing the gains of recent months and easing fears about $5-per-gallon gas ... at least for now.
Oil prices have plunged 6% this week.
Guests attending the investiture of new Dutch king Royals and other dignitaries are out in force Tuesday to watch the abdication of Dutch Queen Beatrix and investiture of her eldest son, Willem-Alexander, as new king.
Guests attending the investiture of Dutch Royals are as new king.
September 3, 2012 4:41pm John Heitinga admits he just has to wait for his chance at Everton after being left out of the starting line-up so far this season.
John Heitinga has to wait for his chance.
The US Department of Defense says a Wisconsin soldier connected with the Oregon Army National Guard has been killed in Iraq.
A Wisconsin soldier has been killed.
Motorcycle maker Harley-Davidson is cutting 8 percent of its workforce and said jobs will be lost at its headquarters in Milwaukee and at its largest plant, in York, Pa.
Harley-Davidson is cutting 8 percent of its workforce.
The American Red Cross, one of the World's leading humanitarian organizations, has recently implemented a remote deposit capture solution to assist in the processing of donations collected at their chapter locations throughout the country.
The American Red Cross has implemented a remote deposit capture solution.
The Advisor Confidence Index, a benchmark that gauges advisor views on the US economy and stock market, reports that advisor confidence fell in July, with the index slipping almost 6% from the June level to close at 98.75.
Advisor confidence fell in July, with the index slipping.
An elderly woman was beaten to death in a home invasion last night in southwest Houston.
An elderly woman was beaten to death in a home invasion.
Interstate 40 will be closed at 6 pm this evening and will remain closed until further notice.
Interstate 40 will be closed at 6 pm.
Ethiopia and South Africa have been working jointly to ensure peace and security of the continent, South Africa Ambassador to Ethiopia and Permanent Representative to the Africa Union \u0026 UNECA said.
Ethiopia and South Africa have been working to ensure peace and security of the continent.
Obama, appearing on NBC's ``Late Night with Jimmy Fallon'' show, joined the comedy host in a popular feature of his program.
Obama, appearing on NBC's Late Night with Jimmy Fallon show, joined.
An ankle injury has ruled out the Cincinnati Bengals defensive tackle Pat Sims for rest of current season of the American professional football's premier league, National Football League.
An ankle injury has ruled out the Cincinnati Bengals defensive tackle Pat Sims for rest of season.
The Spanish parliament approved a controversial fiscal amnesty Thursday, allowing taxpayers to avoid penalties by paying a levy on undeclared income or assets.
The Spanish parliament approved a controversial fiscal amnesty.
Artists are invited to submit their spiritual or religious work to the 8th Annual Juried Spiritual Art Show in March.
Artists are invited to submit their spiritual or religious work.
Alex Reid wants to be offered ``serious'' acting roles and hopes to be seen as more than just a ``loveable prat''.
Alex Reid wants to be offered serious acting roles.
The Chinese trade balance surplus narrowed to $14.17 billion in January compared with a previous surplus of $18.43 billion, and it was anticipated to show a surplus of $20.00 billion.
The Chinese trade balance surplus narrowed in January.
A new, $30 million foundation has been created in conjunction with the merger on Wednesday of Education Assistance Corp. of Aberdeen and Wisconsin-based Great Lakes Higher Education Corp.
A $ 30 million foundation has been created.
Kuala Lumpur, Feb 18 India and Malaysia today signed a comprehensive market opening pact that throws up myriad trade opportunities for both sides and gives a boost to India''s Look East Policy and the prospects for its economic integration with South-East Asia.
India and Malaysia today signed a comprehensive market opening pact.
The third oldest woman in the world passed away on Saturday, Dec. 6.
The third oldest woman in the world passed away.
Peruvian Mario Vargas Llosa won the 2010 Nobel Prize in literature on Thursday as the academy honored one of the Spanish-speaking world's most acclaimed authors and an outspoken political activist who once came close to being elected president of his tumultuous homeland.
Peruvian Mario Vargas Llosa won the 2010 Nobel Prize in literature.
The Regence Foundation unveiled its signature philanthropic program today, Sojourns, to foster best practices, leadership and collaboration that help people with life-threatening and incurable illness to access quality palliative care in their own community.
The Regence Foundation unveiled its signature philanthropic program to foster practices, that help to access quality palliative care.
The communist North has ordered UN atomic inspectors to leave the Yongbyon complex, which produced weapons-grade plutonium until it was shut down under a six-nation nuclear disarmament deal.
The North has ordered inspectors to leave.
Illinois football coach Ron Zook expects junior running back Rashard Mendenhall to enter the NFL draft.
Ron Zook expects Rashard Mendenhall to enter the NFL draft.
Senator Raza Rabbani, Chairman of the Implementation Commission on the 18th Amendment on Wednesday said that during the first phase of the implementation of 18th amendment, five ministries would be transferred to the provinces till the start of December this year.
Five ministries would be transferred to the provinces till the start this year.
Millwall manager Kenny Jackett admitted after defeat to Burnley that he wants to sign a new striker, while Eddie Howe was pleased with his side's battling characteristics.
Kenny Jackett wants to sign a striker.
Apparently, the planned 3p fuel duty increase has been put on hold until January of next year.
The fuel duty increase has been put on hold.
President Hosni Mubarak has sworn in his new cabinet despite his own increasingly precarious position.
Hosni Mubarak has sworn in his new cabinet.
Toyota is to reveal the all new Auris at the Paris Motor Show in September.
Toyota is to reveal the new Auris.
A leading British business group on Monday cut its growth forecasts for the country's economy over the next two years but insisted the government's austerity measures were correct.
A British business group cut its growth forecasts.
Doug Belgrad and Matt Tolmach have each been named president of Columbia Pictures and have extended their employment agreements with the studio through 2011, it was announced today by Michael Lynton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sony Pictures Entertainment, and Amy Pascal, Co-Chairman of the studio.
Doug Belgrad and Matt Tolmach have been named president of Columbia Pictures.
Singer Leona Lewis was recovering today after being punched in the head as she signed books for fans.
Singer Leona Lewis was recovering after being punched in the head.
CTV announced today that Robert Hurst will step down as President of CTV News and Current Affairs.
Robert Hurst will step down as President of CTV News.
For the second year in a row, the Detroit Tigers set a single-season attendance record at Comerica Park, the team announced Thursday.
The Detroit Tigers set a attendance record.
Despite Rihanna's best wishes and prayers on Twitter, Chris Brown failed his drug test.
Chris Brown failed his drug test.
Motion City Soundtrack will be releasing an acoustic EP via iTunes on May 6th.
Motion City Soundtrack will be releasing an acoustic EP.
German wholesale price inflation eased more than expected in November, data from the Federal Statistical Office showed Tuesday.
German wholesale price inflation eased in November.
The owner of a Waltham Mexican restaurant plans to open a second location in Framingham on Route 9.
The owner of a Waltham Mexican restaurant plans to open a second location on Route 9.
Consumers, beset by a credit crunch, rising energy and food costs and a prolonged housing slump, stayed away from the malls in March.
Consumers, stayed away from the malls in March.
Leelee Sobieski and her fiance, Adam Kimmel, are expecting a baby, RadarOnline reports exclusively.
Leelee Sobieski are expecting a baby.
The Bank of Canada did the expected and raised its benchmark interest rate to 0.5 per cent on Tuesday, the first hike in nearly three years.
The Bank of Canada did and raised its benchmark rate.
Schutt Sports Inc., a manufacturer of professional and youth foodtball and baseball helmets, has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
Schutt Sports Inc. has filed for bankruptcy.
Amid reports that he will fire ministers who support the Outpost Law, Netanyahu promises Likud activists to protect settlement enterprise.
Netanyahu promises activists to protect settlement enterprise.
Annual net migration to Britain remains at a record high of more than 250,000 a year despite the declared ambition of the home secretary, Theresa May, to reduce it below 100,000 by the time of the next election, according to figures published on Thursday.
Net migration to Britain remains at a high of more than 250,000 a year.
Former US surgeon general Richard Carmona said he's running for the US Senate in Arizona, giving big-name Democrats what they believe is their best chance to take a seat being vacated by Republican Jon Kyl.
Richard Carmona's running for the US Senate in Arizona.
Indian authorities suspect Islamist groups were behind coordinated bomb blasts in the troubled state of Assam that killed 76 people and wounded more than 320, police said today.
Indian authorities suspect Islamist groups were behind blasts.
MILWAUKEE -Major League Baseball commissioner Bud Selig got a standing ovation for a strike.
Bud Selig got a standing ovation for a strike.
Stephen Fry will explore his ``passion'' for language in a new BBC series titled Planet Word.
Stephen Fry will explore his passion for language.
Photographer David LaChapelle is suing Rihanna over her new video ``S\u0026M'', which he says directly steals from some of his images.
David LaChapelle is suing Rihanna over her video S\u0026M.
Labor has edged ahead of the coalition in the latest opinion polls, less than two weeks before the election.
Labor has edged ahead of the coalition in the polls.
A 41-year-old Muskegon Township man has been charged with second-degree criminal sexual conduct with a girl under the age of 13.
A man has been charged with criminal sexual conduct.
Shah Rukh Khan bonded well with the Chief Minister of West Bengal Mamta Banerjee at the inauguration ceremony of the 17th Kolkata Film Festival.
Shah Rukh Khan bonded with the Minister of Mamta Banerjee.
DMK MP Kanimozhi today walked free out of Tihar Jail after spending 193 days following her arrest in 2G spectrum allocation case and repeated denial of bail that had ignited a debate over bail jurisprudence in the country.
Kanimozhi today walked out of Tihar Jail.
Hollywood star Jude Law has insisted he enjoys a 'very normal life' and still uses public transport.
Jude Law enjoys and still uses public transport.
The juvenile was charged with domestic assault and battery, intimidating a witness and two counts of assault with a dangerous weapon.
The juvenile was charged with assault and battery.
The German luxury car maker BMW fell into the red early this year, posting a first quarter net loss of 152 million euros, a statement said.
The maker BMW fell, posting a first quarter loss of 152 million euros.
Japanese beer manufacturer Asahi Breweries has announced that it plans to become one of the world's top ten food companies, through acquisition and by expanding its business in China.
Asahi Breweries plans to become, and by expanding its business in China.
Singer Amy Winehouse, infamous for erratic public behavior, arrests and drug problems, was found dead at her apartment in London Saturday, police and her publicist confirmed.
Singer Amy Winehouse arrests, was found dead.
US average diesel fuel prices, which have increased 27 cents per gallon during the past two weeks, reached a record high at $3.55 during the week ending February 25 at 4.6 percent higher than the previous week and 39 percent higher than the same period a year ago.
US average diesel fuel prices reached a record high.
SafetyWeb, a Denver-based company that helps parents monitor their childrens' social networking activity in real-time, has raised $8 million in new VC funding.
SafetyWeb has raised $ 8 million.
If you're a Chase Bank customer, I doubt I'm telling you anything you don't know: the Chase website is down.
I 'm telling : the Chase website is.
Finnair is to launch flights from Helsinki to the city of Yekaterinburg in the Urals region of Russia at the beginning of September.
Finnair is to launch flights to the city of Yekaterinburg.
A Southern Pines police officer was killed in the line of duty Saturday, according to police.
A Southern Pines police officer was killed in the line of duty.
Jhargram, Mar 19 Thirteen Maoist-backed tribal women were granted bail by the court today after they were arrested for trying to storm into a police station in Jhargram area of West Midnapore district.
Jhargram, 19 Thirteen Maoist backed tribal women were granted bail.
Yellow fever vaccines are available in South Africa following a recent worldwide shortage, the department of health said on Monday.
Yellow fever vaccines are available.
SpeakOUT Boston has scheduled fall training sessions for LGBT people interested in using their personal stories to help create a society free of homo-, bi-, and trans-phobia.
SpeakOUT Boston has scheduled fall training sessions.
The Alberta government announced earlier this month that they will move forward on an inclusive education system, but they are facing criticism from Airdrie's MLA.
They will move forward on an inclusive education system.
The Supreme Court agreed Tuesday to hear a politically charged challenge to affirmative action at the University of Texas.
The Supreme Court agreed to hear a challenge to affirmative action.
With BJP backed panel winning in the elections of Gujarat State Cooperative Bank, BJP has gained control of the cooperative banking sector in the Gujarat.
BJP has gained control of the cooperative sector in the Gujarat.
A man who threatened to leap from a Southern California highway overpass has surrendered after a 12-hour standoff that disrupted road and rail commutes.
A man who threatened to leap from a overpass has surrendered.
Charter Communications will host a conference call on Thursday, May 6, at 9 am Eastern Time to discuss financial and operating results for the quarter ended March 31.
Charter Communications will host a conference call.
Students from North Point Church will continue to work on special service projects around Springfield today by helping with several community organizations.
Students will continue to work on service projects around Springfield.
Popstar Lady Gaga is helping her father recover after undergoing open-heart surgery.
Lady Gaga is helping her father recover after undergoing surgery.
Japanese-based Sony Corp. is expanding its Blu-ray Disc manufacturing operations in Terre Haute.
Sony Corp. is expanding in Terre Haute.
Federal authorities are investigating a 'security concern' aboard a US Airways aircraft at Philadelphia International Airport, the airline said.
Authorities are investigating a security concern aboard a US Airways aircraft.
Careers advice for teenagers in school has plummeted under Labour, research has suggested.
Careers advice has plummeted under Labour.
The Hobbit actor Christopher Lee has revealed that he will release a heavy metal album on his 91st birthday.
The Hobbit actor Christopher Lee has revealed he will release a heavy metal album.
The National Democratic Alliance's prime ministerial candidate LK Advani on Saturday said the Bharatiya Janata Party-led front will form the next government at the Centre.
The front will form the next government.
Portsmouth owner Alexandre Gaydamak has decided to sell the English Premier League club and has already rejected two offers, the Sunday Mirror reported.
Portsmouth owner Alexandre Gaydamak has decided to sell.
A Cochiti Pueblo man has been sentenced to 25 years in prison for killing his 95-year-old grandmother.
A man has been sentenced for killing his grandmother.
James has decided to open up a Twitter account on Tuesday.
James has decided to open up a Twitter account.
Israeli police overnight dismantled a Palestinian protest camp set up on a controversial piece of land on the outskirts of occupied Jerusalem, a police spokesman and activists said on Thursday.
Israeli police dismantled a Palestinian protest camp, said.
Free agent receiver Devard Darling, former star at Fort Bend Austin High School, signed Thursday with the Houston Texans.
Devard Darling signed with the Houston Texans.
After coming to Westwood as the nation's No. 1 recruit and leading the Bruins in scoring in his first -- and likely only -- season at UCLA, freshman phenom Shabazz Muhammad was named a Freshman All-American by the US Basketball Writers Association.
Shabazz Muhammad was named a Freshman All-American.
A FATHER saved his baby daughter's life after her pram was blown into a canal by a gust of wind.
A FATHER saved his baby daughter's life after her pram was blown into a canal.
Troopers issued 70 tickets Friday and Saturday in speed enforcements in Westchester County, state police said today.
Troopers issued 70 tickets Friday and Saturday in enforcements in Westchester County.
It has invested $32 million into Marketshare, an analytics company that helps advertisers figure out the best way to spend their budgets.
It has invested $ 32 million into Marketshare.
Grey's Anatomy star Eric Dane recently checked into a Los Angeles rehab clinic, RadarOnline.com is reporting.
Grey's Anatomy star Eric Dane checked into a rehab clinic.
Couples will be allowed to get married in the House of Commons in a historic move.
Couples will be allowed to get married in the House of Commons.
Robert Mulligan, who directed the classic film ``To Kill a Mockingbird,'' with its sensitive look at a child's world shaken by the racism of a Southern town, has died at 83.
Robert Mulligan, who directed To Kill a Mockingbird has died.
Foursquare, a location-based service app, will soon incorporate daily deals from partners such as Groupon, Living Social, Gilt Groupe, and others into its product, Mashable reports.
Foursquare will incorporate daily deals from partners such as Groupon.
Lily Allen has insisted that she is not promiscuous and is not fond of one-night stands.
Lily Allen is not promiscuous and is not.
Public schools will be closed today for Election Day, but some colleges and universities will be open.
Schools will be closed for Election Day.
Frontier Airlines has filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy.
Frontier Airlines has filed for bankruptcy.
Freddie Highmore says that his new movie The Art of Getting By tries to be truthful about relationships.
Freddie Highmore says his new movie tries to be truthful about relationships.
Punj Lloyd is likely to test Rs 90 in the coming sessions, says Shruti Vora, Antique Stock Broking.
Punj Lloyd is likely to test Rs 90.
The Vietnam veteran believes it is time for ``a regime change'' in the United States.
It is time for a regime change in the United States.
Venezuelan cableco and telecoms services provider NetUno has launched a new VoIP telephony service called Flash Phone, reports BNamericas, which enables clients to have a local fixed number as well as a fixed number in the US.
NetUno has launched a new VoIP service.
Ruggiero Ricci, a virtuoso violinist who first awed audiences at age 10 with his mastery of Mendelssohn and later remade himself into a mature musician whose range reached from the 19th-century acrobatics of Paganini's Caprices to premiere performances of contemporary works, died on Sunday at his home in Palm Springs, Calif. He was 94.
Ruggiero Ricci died, He was 94.
Theory will continue its trend of hosting multiple sample sales at a time this month, starting with a sale at Chelsea Market on May 14th, along with another at Clothingline.
Theory will continue its trend of hosting multiple sample sales this month.
Reliance Communications - the second largest mobile operator in India based on users - claims 2.8 million active 3G users, the highest in India.
Reliance Communications claims 2.8 million active 3G users.
Debt-laden property investor City Pacific has suspended monthly distribution payments to unitholders for July and August in one of its key funds, citing continuing market volatility.
City Pacific has suspended payments to unitholders.
Oakland Raiders wide receiver Javon Walker was ``quickly recovering'' following hospitalization for a concussion and facial injuries after a Las Vegas robbery.
Oakland Raiders wide receiver Javon Walker was quickly recovering.
With just under 10 days left for election results, post-poll posturing gained momentum on Thursday with Samajwadi party setting conditions for their support while attempts were made to clear the air on Congress' ties with the DMK and Trinamool.
Post-poll posturing gained momentum.
STOCKTON, Calif. The California State Controller said the city of Stockton is losing money for not turning in a financial transaction report for 2010-11.
The city of Stockton is losing money for not turning in a financial report.
Patrick Hall ran for 129 yards and two touchdowns and Gardner-Webb held off Charleston Southern 35-25 Saturday in its Big South Conference opener.
Patrick Hall ran and Gardner-Webb held off Charleston Southern 35 25.
Despite tough economic times, President Obama assured the world that the United States is a good investment, and he's playing down reports that he and his European counterparts are at odds on how to fix the global economic crisis.
Obama assured the world the United States is a good investment.
Stocks rose Monday after the death of Osama bin Laden, several strong earnings reports and a big acquisition in the drug industry.
Stocks rose Monday after the death of Osama bin Laden.
President Obama insisted today that ``we will not miss a beat because of the change in command in the Afghan theater,'' since the new commander, General David Petraeus, helped formulate the strategy and knows many of the key players on the ground.
President Obama insisted we will not miss a beat because of the change in command in the Afghan theater.
Former Illinois Attorney General Jim Ryan will speak about his son's suicide at the 10th anniversary ceremony of Suicide Prevention Services Inc.
Jim Ryan will speak about his son's suicide.
MIDDLESBROUGH mayor Ray Mallon has apologised for a sex slur about one of his officers.
MIDDLESBROUGH mayor Ray Mallon has apologised for a sex slur.
Shoe and apparel company Nike Inc. said Thursday that it will cut about 1,750 jobs worldwide, or 5 percent of its global work force.
Nike Inc. will cut about 1,750 jobs worldwide.
If the buzz is to be believed, Mega power star Ram Charan is planning to remix yesteryear chartbuster 'Guvva Gorinkatho' song in his upcoming movie to be directed by VV Vinayak.
Ram Charan is planning to remix chartbuster Guvva Gorinkatho ' song.
Now, Dhoni led Team India has no option but to return home empty handed.
Team India has no option but to return home empty handed.
Fox13Now.com The man hit and killed by a FrontRunner train Wednesday night has been identified.
The man hit and killed by a FrontRunner train has been identified.
Azerbaijan will purchase T-90S tanks from Russia, military sources told APA.
Azerbaijan will purchase T-90S tanks from Russia.
The Postal Service is cutting more than 300 jobs in Washington as it consolidates eight mail processing centers into two - at Seattle and Spokane.
The Postal Service is cutting more than 300 jobs in Washington.
The latest buzz in B'Town is that ``Slumdog Millionaire'' girl Freida Pinto denies her wedding rumors with Dev Patel calling it stupid.
Girl Freida Pinto denies her wedding rumors.
During the Lakers' 5.20.09 practice, Pau Gasol discusses a late charge he drew against Carmelo Anthony, which both energized his team and himself.
Pau Gasol discusses a charge he drew against Carmelo Anthony.
Former CNN sports broadcaster Nick Charles Dies
Sports broadcaster Nick Charles Dies.
Scientist possibly fathered 600 kids Updated: 05:13, Monday April 9, 2012 A pioneering British scientist who set up a controversial London fertility clinic with his wife in the 1940s may have fathered up to 600 children, according to research from two men who have discovered they are his biological sons.
Scientist possibly fathered 600 kids.
A Miami developer is in the process of purchasing the vacant lot between Beverly Hills and Century City at 10000 Santa Monica Blvd, according to The Los Angeles Times.
A developer is in the process of purchasing the vacant lot between Beverly Hills and Century City.
Germany's Daimler AG confirmed Wednesday that it will enter a partnership with Renault SA and Nissan Motor Corp. to develop a new generation of small cars, share engines and cooperate in small commercial vans.
Germany's Daimler AG will enter a partnership with Renault SA and Nissan Motor Corp..
Amazon.com, Inc. today announced that it has reached an agreement to acquire Kiva Systems, Inc., a leading innovator of material handling technology.
Amazon.com Inc. has reached an agreement to acquire Kiva Systems, Inc..
Russia reacted ``with regret'' Saturday to the start of international military action in Libya, and it urged an end to violence on all sides.
Russia reacted with regret to the start of military action in Libya.
Republican presidential hopeful Mike Huckabee traded jokes with Jay Leno and played bass guitar with the ``Tonight Show'' band on Wednesday, the eve of the Iowa caucuses he hopes to win.
Mike Huckabee traded jokes with Jay Leno.
Funny man and former talk show host Dick Cavett came home to talk about depression, what he called ``the worst agony devised for man.''
Dick Cavett came to talk about depression.
A driver crashed a vehicle into the bedroom of a Garden Grove apartment today, but no one was hurt, police said.
A driver crashed into the bedroom of a apartment.
Former Lok Sabha deputy speaker Charanjit Singh Atwal was on Tuesday unanimously elected speaker of the Punjab assembly and Dinesh Singh Babbu as deputy speaker.
Charanjit Singh Atwal was elected speaker of the Punjab assembly as speaker.
Yao Ming is returning to the Houston Rockets -- a giant selling point for general manager Daryl Morey as he begins courting big-name free agents this week.
Yao Ming is returning to the Houston Rockets.
A federal judge in Florida stayed his own ruling against the Obama health care law on Thursday, allowing the act to be carried out as the case progresses through the Courts of Appeal and on to the Supreme Court.
A judge stayed his own ruling against the health care law.
A Quincy man who was pulled from the water at Wollaston Beach on Saturday died after suffering an apparent heart attack.
A Quincy man who was pulled from the water at Wollaston Beach died.
President Asif Ali Zardari and Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani have agreed on dissolving local bodies system and reshuffling in the federal cabinet during their meeting here Tuesday.
Asif Ali Zardari and Yousaf Raza Gillani have agreed on dissolving and reshuffling in the federal cabinet.
A collision between a semi trailer and a Jeep on Highway 33 near Lajord sent one man to hospital, Thursday evening.
A collision sent one man to hospital.
ACTRESS Frances Barber has lamented the disappearance of older women's faces from the screen - but revealed that she is saving up for a facelift.
Frances Barber is saving up for a facelift.
Hong Kong share prices closed slightly lower on Friday, down 0.25 per cent, weighed down by the Shanghai market and the drop of PetroChina's A-shares below their IPO price, dealers said.
Hong Kong share prices closed lower.
IGate Corp said it accepted minority shareholders' offer of 520 rupees per share to delist its Indian unit Patni Computer Systems .
IGate Corp accepted minority shareholders ' offer of 520 rupees to delist its unit.
Cyclone Aila has killed at least 62 people in Bangladesh, private television station ATN said on Tuesday.
Cyclone Aila has killed at least 62 people in Bangladesh.
A Boulder High School principal has been arrested on suspicion of domestic violence, child abuse and criminal mischief following a dispute with his wife at his home.
A Boulder High School principal has been arrested on suspicion of domestic violence, child abuse.
Auckland Airport is looking for a new chief executive after today's resignation of Simon Moutter.
Auckland Airport is looking for a new chief executive.
Security forces have also destroyed two Farari camps in Dera- Bugti, arrested nine injured militants and seized huge cache of arms from their possessions.
Forces have destroyed two Farari camps.
A Mississippi man died early Tuesday morning after crashing his pickup truck while trying to evade sheriff's deputies.
A Mississippi man died after crashing his pickup truck.
Former Liberian President Charles Taylor took the stand in his own defence at his war crimes trial on Tuesday and told judges the case against him was built on lies and misinformation.
Charles Taylor took the stand at his war crimes trial.
S. Korea ruling party meets to pick new leaders The Grand National Party will elect a new chairman or chairwoman from seven candidates, all in their late 40s or early 50s.
S. Korea ruling party meets to pick new leaders.
A UN expert on Thursday opened a special investigation into drone warfare and targeted killings, which the United States relies on as a front-line weapon in its global war against al-Qaida.
A UN expert opened a special investigation into drone warfare and targeted killings.
The Dodgers activated shortstop Hanley Ramirez from the disabled list Monday, making room for him on the roster by placing pitcher Clayton Kershaw on the bereavement list.
The Dodgers activated Hanley Ramirez.
Panasonic Corporation has expanded line of mini-notebooks Let's Note model R9, equipped with 10.4-inch display.
Panasonic Corporation has expanded line of mini-notebooks Let's Note.
A fine arts center sponsored by the China National Academy of Painting will be established on May 25 to promote the art industry, the academy said Wednesday.
A arts center will be established to promote the art industry.
James E. Bennett, the President and CEO of the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority recently announced his retirement after 14 years of service.
James E. Bennett, the President and CEO of the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority announced his retirement.
North Korea could conduct a third nuclear test or missile launch before next year's US and South Korean presidential elections if nuclear disarmament talks fail, a senior Seoul official said Friday.
North Korea could conduct a third nuclear test.
After a morning practice that saw wide receiver Brandon Marshall injure his hamstring, it was twistedly ironic to hear John Mellencamp's Hurts So Good blasting from the outdoor speakers as the players took the field, sans Marshall.
Brandon Marshall injure his hamstring.
The Coca-Cola Co. said today that its fourth-quarter profit fell 18 percent as it dealt with the global recession and volatility in the currency markets.
Its profit fell 18 percent as The Coca-Cola Co. dealt.
George Jones, the iconic country music singer known by generations for his distinctive voice and phrasing, died Friday in Nashville at 81, his publicist said.
George Jones, the iconic country music singer, died at 81.
Russia, the UAE, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and Hong Kong are top five financial locations for expatriates and France is the least popular, showed a global survey.
Russia, the UAE are top five financial locations for expatriates.
About 200 Arabtec workers, who took part in a four-day strike by foreign workers seeking higher pay, will be repatriated to their home countries, Dubai's police chief has said.
About 200 Arabtec workers will be repatriated.
Gaza terrorists fired a rocket at Ashkelon on Wednesday night.
Terrorists fired at Ashkelon.
Dannii Minogue has announced she has split with Kris Smith, the father of her son.
Dannii Minogue has split with Kris Smith.
Shortly after receiving the Printz Award for her 2005 novel How I Live Now, she returns to the young adult scene with What I Was -- a stark, edgy portrayal of a sixteen-year-old boy whose life is suffocated by the stodgy pressures of St. Oswald's boarding school.
She returns with What I Was.
Walmart says it plans to hire more than 100,000 veterans in the United States over the next five years.
Walmart says it plans to hire more than 100,000 veterans.
The death toll in Tuesday's deadly shooting spree in south Alabama rose to 12 Wednesday as police searched for clues into the deadly shooting rampage that stretched across two counties.
The death toll rose to 12.
Wolves striker Steven Fletcher is considering a transfer request to try to push through a move away from Molineux.
Wolves striker Steven Fletcher is considering a transfer request.
The Bengals' Sept. 25 home game at 1 pm vs. San Francisco will not be televised locally.
The Bengals ' game will not be televised.
Olympic and world 200-meter butterfly bronze medalist Takeshi Matsuda won the 200 freestyle at the national swimming championships Friday.
Takeshi Matsuda won the 200 freestyle at the national championships.
The largest hydropower station on Lancang River in Southwest China's Yunnan Province - known as the Mekong River in Southeast Asia - went into operation Thursday with its first power generating unit up and running.
The hydropower station known - went into operation.
Canadian housing starts fell 12.3 percent in February to a seasonally adjusted annualized rate of 134,600 units from 153,500 units in January, Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. said on Monday.
Canadian housing starts fell 12.3 percent, said.
A federal magistrate judge has entered a not guilty plea for a Wichita pharmacist accused of distributing controlled substances outside a medical practice.
A judge has entered a plea for a Wichita pharmacist.
itsmy, a mobile social game developer and gaming network is expanding its mobile browser game platform to accommodate new social features to connect the various games and game players better.
Itsmy, is expanding its mobile browser game platform to accommodate new social features.
The renowned Muslim scholar Dr Zakir Naik has been banned from entering UK.
The scholar Dr Zakir Naik has been banned from entering UK.
WYCOMBE'S X Factor contestant's band Rhythmix will change its name after a children's charity threatened to sue.
Rhythmix will change its name.
On Friday, the Faith Temple Church food giveaway will return to the church parking lot because of activities of the Sioux Empire Fair.
The food giveaway will return to the church parking lot.
Schwabe, Williamson \u0026 Wyatt - Schwabe's Intellectual Property Practice Sees Strong Growth in 2009 Firm projects similar growth in 2010.Despite the difficult economic circumstances in 2009, the intellectual property practice group of Northwest law firm Schwabe, Williamson amp;amp;
Schwabe, Williamson \u0026 Wyatt - Schwabe's Intellectual Property Practice Sees Strong Growth in 2009 projects.
Kim Kardashian has revealed that she's become a 'workaholic' and has turned to torturous work-outs at the gym after breaking up with boyfriend Reggie Bush.
Kim Kardashian's become a workaholic.
A plan to overhaul the Cleveland Metropolitan School District was signed into law on Monday before a crowd at John F. Kennedy High School.
A plan to overhaul the Cleveland Metropolitan School District was signed into law.
Chief of his own faction Pakistan Muslim League Muhammad Nawaz Sharif on Wednesday decried the PPP government for having established double standards in the US-led war against terrorism, saying that US drones fly from nowhere but the Pakistani soil, report said.
Drones fly but the Pakistani soil.
The PGA Tour dropped its doping case against Vijay Singh on Tuesday based on new information from the World Anti-Doping Agency.
The PGA Tour dropped its doping case against Vijay Singh.
Illinois may rank low in pet ownership, but the Daily Herald ranks high.
Illinois may rank low in pet ownership.
The Sprint Center is celebrating a successful first year with the opening performance of rock legend Tina Turner's first tour in eight years.
The Sprint Center is celebrating a successful first year.
Toro Rosso driver Jean-Eric Vergne says they need to keep on making progress so as to improve the pace of their car in order to achieve good results in the 2012 Formula 1 season ahead.
Toro Rosso driver Jean-Eric Vergne says they need to keep on making progress.
The LA Times is now reporting that Brooke Burke is set to join ABC hit Dancing With the Stars once again, but this time the brunette beauty returns as the show's newest co-host.
Brooke Burke is set to join ABC hit Dancing With the Stars again.
PESHAWAR, PAKISTAN // A remote-controlled bomb killed 35 people and wounded more than 60 others yesterday in the deadliest attack in months in north-western Pakistan.
PAKISTAN A bomb killed 35 people and wounded in the deadliest attack in months.
After waiving Mason on Monday, the Wizards signed Almond, a 26-year-old, 6-foot-6 shooting guard from Rice.
The Wizards signed Almond.
More rain is predicted over the next 10 days for the southern part of the nation's corn belt, potentially delaying the start of corn planting.
More rain is predicted, delaying the start of corn planting.
A Kenyan terror suspect admitted guilt in court Monday for possession of six bombs including four suicide vests and being a member of al-Shabab, the Somali Islamist extremist group allied to al-Qaida that has vowed terrorist attacks on Kenya.
A Kenyan terror suspect admitted for possession of six bombs.
Pakistan possessed up to 110 nuclear weapons and spent a whopping $2.2 billion on its atomic arsenal last year, claims a report by an international NGO, prompting Islamabad to call it ``highly exaggerated''.
Pakistan possessed up to 110 nuclear weapons.
Madonna was inducted into the Rock n' Roll Hall of Fame on Monday, March 10, 2008 at The Waldorf Astoria in New York City, among a crowd of A list stars and legendary musical artists such as Tom Hanks, Meg Ryan, Ed Burns, and Justin Timberlake.
Madonna was inducted into the Rock n ' Roll Hall of Fame at The Waldorf Astoria in New York City.
Parker's remains were found in Chattooga County on the east side of the Chattooga River.
Parker's remains were found.
A human head has been found in a bag by a woman out for a morning walk.
A human head has been found in a bag.
The Nanocade lets you turn your netbook into a mini arcade cabinet and if you don't want to use a netbook you can also use a mini-ITX motherboard and a 10.1 inch display to make this awesome MAME arcade cabinet.
The Nanocade lets you turn your netbook into a arcade cabinet.
Charlie Sheen has been fired from CBS sitcom Two And A Half Men following his most recent and troubling behaviour.
Charlie Sheen has been fired from sitcom Two And A Half Men.
State Sen. Kirk Dillard, R-Hinsdale, recently was selected to serve on several key Senate committees by Senate Republican Leader Christine Radogno, R-Lemont, including a reappointment to serve as Republican spokesman on the Senate Judiciary Committee.
State Sen. Kirk Dillard was selected to serve on several committees.
The state level satyagrah movement which was to be organized by MP Employees Congress on 4th of October for the solution of the 20 point demands of state employees has been cancelled regarding the retirement age to be 65, payment of 10 % DA, to implement soon the approval of Agrawal salary commission, policemen, fourth grade, timely salary of work charged employees and to regularize the service of daily wage employees.
The state level satyagrah movement has been cancelled.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson has insisted that he is happy with Sunday's 2-2 draw with Chelsea in the FA Cup quarter-finals.
Alex Ferguson has insisted he is happy with Sunday's draw.
After walking the ramp for designers like Vivienne Westwood and Ritchie Rich, Pamela Anderson is turning fashion designer with an environment friendly fashion line.
Pamela Anderson is turning fashion designer.
High pressure cylinders for motor vehicles that use Compressed Natural Gas for their propulsion can now benefit from lightweight, cost competitive, advanced composite materials.
High pressure cylinders can benefit from lightweight, cost competitive, advanced composite materials.
The health inspectors in the public health services pulled back their planned protest on Thursday following intervention by the health minister and health secretary, who have promised to look into their demands.
The health inspectors pulled back their protest.
Nakheel is expected to temporarily open the British cruise liner QE2 to visitors in its current condition before the restoration work on the ship begins.
Nakheel is expected to open the QE2 to visitors.
``I've said time and again, I'm a pro-life candidate, I'll be a pro-life president,'' Mr. Romney told reporters Wednesday in response to a question as he campaigned at Bun's Restaurant in the city of Delaware, north of Columbus.
I 've said, I 'm a pro-life candidate.
David Beckham said he was humbled to present a lifetime achievement award to Pele at a charity event in Manhattan Wednesday.
David Beckham was humbled to present a award to Pele.
Los Angeles-based Uber.com, the new startup headed by former Friendster CEO Scott Sassa, said this morning that it has expanded its board.
Uber.com has expanded its board.
Hollywood socialite Paris Hilton, who is famous for sporting multifarious hair extensions, has launched her own hair extension line called 'Bandits'.
Socialite Paris Hilton has launched her hair extension line.
Atheism is reportedly on the rise in Texas, which isn't that surprising considering the overall number of atheists in the United States is on the rise as well.
Atheism is on the rise in Texas.
Australian sprinter Black Caviar stretched her unbeaten run to 21 with an effortless victory in the Group One Goodwood at Morphettville.
Black Caviar stretched her unbeaten run.
US Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security Eric Boswell will visit Azerbaijan on April 3, spokesperson for the US embassy in Azerbaijan Keith Bean told APA.
US Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security Eric Boswell will visit Azerbaijan.
Jaguars running back Fred Taylor went to his first Super Bowl in January.
Jaguars running Fred Taylor went.
In a major development, Pakistan is all set to divert the water flows of the River Neelum into the tunnel of much touted Neelum-Jehlum Hydropower project of 969 MW of electricity by 15th of the current month meaning thereby that the river will get dried below the place of Suneri on the said date.
Pakistan is set to divert the water flows of the River Neelum.
Ferrari driver Felipe Massa has said that he is feeling pleased with his performance in 2012 Monaco Grand Prix held at Circuit de Monaco on May 27.
Felipe Massa is feeling pleased with his performance in 2012 Monaco Grand Prix.
Dubai, Jun 16 India plans to streamline the recruitment process for Indian housemaids to Oman in a bid to protect them from exploitation and provide greater security and better service condition.
Dubai, India plans to streamline the recruitment process for Indian housemaids to Oman.
Samsung has launched its flagship Galaxy Note in white exclusively at John Lewis today.
Samsung has launched its Galaxy Note in white.
Red Wings defenseman Nicklas Lidstrom agreed to a one-year deal yesterday worth $6.2 million to return to Detroit for his 20th season.
Nicklas Lidstrom agreed to return for his 20th season.
Cocaine use doubled in Mexico in the six years to 2008, the health minister says, arguing that tougher border controls on smuggling has pushed more of the drug into the domestic market.
Cocaine use doubled in Mexico.
The city plans to uproot and replace 12,000 street trees in the next 10 years.
The city plans to uproot 12,000 street trees.
Japan is considering lending about $60 billion to the International Monetary Fund to help strengthen a global firewall against contagion from the European sovereign debt crisis, Kyodo news agency said yesterday.
Japan is considering lending about $ 60 billion to the International Monetary Fund.
The Clinton campaign has announced that former President Bill Clinton will return to Montana on Sunday, June 1 st .
Bill Clinton will return to Montana.
Mike Thompson was elected to membership on the Community Council of the Georgia Mountain Research and Education Center at its April meeting.
Mike Thompson was elected on the Community Council.
The Colombian navy said Thursday it killed a drug trafficker and seized 3.4 tons of cocaine overnight from a boat in the northwestern Gulf of Uraba.
The Colombian navy said it killed a trafficker and seized 3.4 tons of cocaine.
Kate Hudson is engaged to Muse frontman Matthew Bellamy, her beau of nearly a year and father to her unborn child.
Kate Hudson is engaged to Matthew Bellamy.
A Gainesville teen driver who reportedly hit a motorcyclist has been charged with leaving the scene of an accident.
A teen driver has been charged with leaving the scene of an accident.
A 20-year-old drunk driver was arrested after attempting to evade officers, according to the El Paso Police Department.
A drunk driver was arrested after attempting to evade officers.
Moorhead police say a woman used a window fan to block a suspected burglar from entering her apartment early Wednesday.
Moorhead police say a woman used a fan to block a burglar.
``A democracy is always temporary in nature; it simply cannot exist as a permanent form of government.
A democracy is always temporary.
The Steel Secretary said that steel pipe and tube makers will cut product prices by 10%.
Steel pipe and tube makers will cut prices by 10%.
Briton Claude Choules, the last World War I combat veteran, has died aged 110 in Australia, ending the living connection with a conflict that saw 70 million military personnel mobilised.
Claude Choules, the last combat veteran, has died in Australia.
Las Vegas Sands, the casino operator run by billionaire Sheldon Adelson, swung to a quarterly profit as it benefited from improved businesses in Macau and Singapore.
Las Vegas Sands swung to a profit.
Anton Ferdinand has told a court that he found alleged racist abuse by John Terry ``very hurtful''.
Anton Ferdinand has told a court.
An Armenian family was killed in Syria fighting in Damascus, Aztag daily correspondent reported from Syria's capital.
An Armenian family was killed in Syria fighting.
The Girl Scouts of Eastern Pennsylvania will be honoring outstanding women in their communities with their ``Take the Lead'' program.
The Girl Scouts will be honoring outstanding women with their Take the Lead program.
Nadine Coyle has revealed that she's planning on having a long engagement to her fiancé Jason Bell - she even says the wedding could be 10 years away! ``It will definitely be a long engagement,'' she said.
Nadine Coyle's planning on having a long engagement.
Defence Minister Lindiwe Sisulu on Monday revealed the details of controversial sponsorships received by her department, ranging from marble rolling pins to funds to host golf days and conferences.
Lindiwe Sisulu revealed the details of sponsorships.
The NHS is suffering potentially devastating cuts to jobs and patient services under the government's austerity drive, the British Medical Association has warned.
The NHS is suffering potentially devastating cuts to jobs and services, the British Medical Association has warned.
The first batch of Indian Haj pilgrims will leave for Saudi Arabia Tuesday, beginning a two-and-a-half month operation during which over 123,000 Indian Muslims will perform the annual pilgrimage in the holy city of Makkah.
The first batch of Indian Haj pilgrims will leave Tuesday.
US consumer spending rose 0.8% in May as Americans cashed in on the government's $145bn economic stimulus package.
US consumer spending rose in May.
Residential, commercial and investment property auctioneer Auction House has launched a West of England office.
Auction House has launched a West of England office.
FISHWORKS has reported pre-tax losses of £2.59 million for the six months leading up to the end of January this year.
FISHWORKS has reported losses.
Frankfurt - German airline Lufthansa plans to pack passengers tighter together so that it can save costs by carrying more people per jet, a spokeswoman confirmed Tuesday in Frankfurt.
Lufthansa plans to pack passengers tighter so it can save costs.
The Secret Slide by Brems Doors is a sliding door, which does not stand or hang from a visible rail.
The Secret Slide is a sliding door.
ECB plays down fresh crisis fears Updated: 11:28, Friday March 8, 2013 The European Central Bank has held its main refinancing rate at a historic low of 0.75 per cent, playing down concerns that political gridlock in Italy could trigger a resurgence in the debt crisis.
ECB plays down fresh crisis fears.
With the recent storm damage, it's a good idea to remember how to protect yourself from scammers.
How to protect from scammers.
Forsyth will perform for one night only at the Royal Albert Hall on May 3, 2012.
Forsyth will perform only at the Royal Albert Hall.
Jones made a family feud public when he posted a video message on his website Wednesday, April 25, 2012, thanking fans as he recovers from an upper respiratory infection and accusing his daughter, Georgette, of spreading lies about him on the Internet, which she denies.
Jones made a family feud public.
Heating stove distributor Euroheat has opened a biomass training centre and showroom in Bishops Frome, Worcestershire.
Euroheat has opened a biomass training centre.
Belk is planning to add about 150 employees to its corporate workforce over the next year.
Belk is planning to add about 150 employees over the next year.
Associated Press - February 10, 2011 1:35 PM ET Police say a CD found by an Ohio toddler showing another child being sexually abused in Palm Springs, Calif., about six years ago has led to an Ohio man's arrest.
A CD found by an Ohio toddler has led to an Ohio man's arrest.
Union Home Minister Shivraj Patil will be on a day-long visit of Chhattisgarh tomorrow.
Shivraj Patil will be on a visit of Chhattisgarh tomorrow.
Classes were canceled at an area school Monday because it didn't have sufficient heat for the cold temperatures.
Classes were canceled at an area school Monday.
THE British Foreign and Commonwealth Office have released the latest annual British Behaviour Abroad report that reveals Britons are continuing to get into trouble abroad, with key concerns including drink and drug related cases.
Britons are continuing to get into trouble abroad.
Veteran striker Alessandro del Piero shot Juventus into the last 16 of the Champions League after scoring both goals in their 2-0 victory over Real Madrid in Spain.
Alessandro del Piero shot Juventus into the last 16.
A market stallholder from Hayes has been prosecuted for selling fake DVDs at Wembley market.
A stallholder has been prosecuted for selling fake DVDs.
The Pennsylvania Game Commission said a hunter in Lackawanna County shot himself in the backside.
A hunter shot himself.
A woman's ex-husband came to her rescue Thursday morning after her car slid off an icy road and into a creek near Smithville.
A woman's ex-husband came to her rescue.
A Horncastle man will face three charges when he appears before Skegness Magistrates this Friday.
A Horncastle man will face three charges.
The San Francisco Chronicle's Susan Slusser suspects that Jack Cust may be designated for assignment shortly.
Jack Cust may be designated for assignment.
A man was shot and killed Sunday night in San Francisco``s Mission District, police said.
A man was shot and killed in San Francisco Mission District.
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said Thursday that he'll stay in his job for the ``foreseeable future,'' addressing speculation he might leave the Obama administration after the current round of budget negotiations.
Timothy Geithner said he 'll stay for the foreseeable future.
European Capital Markets report that the European real estate debt market is loosening up as more financing options become available and new lenders are entering the market.
The European real estate debt market is loosening up.
Three Lake Country youths saved each other from the frigid cold waters of Wood Lake.
Three youths saved each other from the waters of Wood Lake.
Warid Telecom introduced a review of post-paid packages up to 40 percent savings on call rates.
Warid Telecom introduced a review of post-paid packages.
Lord Andrew Lloyd-Webber has quit the BBC to front a show for ITV1 for to find a star to appear in a touring production of 'Jesus Christ Superstar'.
Andrew Lloyd-Webber has quit the BBC.
DC Mayor Adrian Fenty and his main challenger Vincent Gray will debate at the Newseum in Washington shortly before the September primary.
Adrian Fenty and his challenger Vincent Gray will debate at the Newseum.
Families with children will be hardest hit by tax and benefit changes aimed at cutting the deficit, a charity argues.
Families with children will be hit by tax and benefit changes.
IBM earned the award for World Community Grid, in essence the virtual equivalent in processing power to a Top 10 supercomputer devoted to humanitarian research.
IBM earned the award for World Community Grid.
A group of rebel military officers is still plotting against the Philippine government, a senior official said yesterday as he warned senior police to be on their guard.
A group of rebel officers is still plotting against the Philippine government.
Detroit Free Press staff members won Emmys for three projects at the 35th annual National Academy of Television Arts \u0026 Sciences Michigan chapter Emmy Gala Awards at the MotorCity Casino's Sound Board on June 15.
Detroit Free Press staff members won Emmys for three projects.
The BRIC countries continue to surge higher in 2009, as they've far outpaced stock markets of so-called ``developed' countries.
The BRIC countries continue to surge in 2009.
Chip makers will stick to using 300mm wafers out of which to craft their wares, while the economics of next generation 450mm wafer production remain unproven.
Chip makers will stick to using 300mm wafers.
In a recent interview with Rolling Stone Magazine, Taylor Swift talked about her next album after ``Fearless.''
Taylor Swift talked about her next album after Fearless.
Scientists at the Swedish Medical University, Karolinska Institutet, have confirmed that the fear of free radicals may be exaggerated.
The fear of free radicals may be exaggerated.
A popular College Park restaurant was destroyed in a fire that burned for nearly 24 hours.
A restaurant was destroyed in a fire.
A severe thunderstorm watch has been issued for counties near the Kansas-Colorado border.
A severe thunderstorm watch has been issued.
A former New England mob boss pleaded guilty to federal charges Monday in a plea deal that could get him released from prison in nine months.
A former New England mob boss pleaded guilty to federal charges in a plea deal.
Youth can play a pivotal role in the economic development by efficiently utilising their skills and education, said Federal Minister for Ministry of Youth Affairs Shahid Hussain Bhutto.
Youth can play a pivotal role in the economic development.
Smithfield Foods say it plans to cut 1,800 jobs and close six factories as part of a restructuring.
Smithfield Foods plans to cut 1,800 jobs.
Sioux Falls Police are investigating an Armed Robbery at Crown Casino, 2516 W. 41st Street just before 2 this morning.
Police are investigating an Armed Robbery.
Dr. Keith Payne, President of the National Institute for Public Policy, argues in his latest article that the Senate was misinformed by the Obama Administration about New START.
The Senate was misinformed about New START.
Wholesale prices moved up 0.2% in May, seasonally adjusted, the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the US Department of Labor reported.
Wholesale prices moved up 0.2% in May.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. - President Barack Obama is remembering 14 Americans killed Monday in helicopter crashes in Afghanistan, saying ``they gave their lives to protect ours.''
Barack Obama is remembering 14 Americans killed in crashes in Afghanistan.
As expected, the Phillies activated Jose Contreras from the disabled list prior to today's game.
The Phillies activated Jose Contreras from the disabled list.
Outboard mirrors are to be banned from Formula 1 effective with from the Chinese Grand Prix, following concerns over poor visibility from sidepod-mounted mirrors creating a safety issue.
Outboard mirrors are to be banned.
Sewage that overflows into urban creeks and streams during periods of heavy rain can promote the spread of West Nile virus, a study led by Emory University finds.
Sewage that overflows into urban creeks and streams can promote the spread of West Nile virus.
Václav Havel, the Czech dissident playwright and human rights advocate who helped peacefully lead his nation out of communist control, died today at 75.
Václav Havel, the dissident playwright, died.
The US consulate in the cosmopolitan Gulf Arab business hub of Dubai closed to the public for security reasons Wednesday, it said without giving details of any threats.
The US consulate in the hub of Dubai closed for security reasons.
Accrington manager Paul Cook has called for consistency from officials after being sent to the stands in the 2-2 draw with Southend.
Paul Cook has called for consistency.
BETHLEHEM, West Bank The traditional birthplace of Jesus is celebrating its merriest Christmas in years, as tens of thousands of tourists thronged Bethlehem on Friday for the annual holiday festivities in this biblical West Bank town.
BETHLEHEM, is celebrating its Christmas in years.
Mayfest organizers are banking on warm weather and sunny skies this week to bring the Fort Worth festival into the black, two years after swine flu threatened to end the event for good.
Mayfest organizers are banking on weather and sunny skies this week.
A Bridgeport museum reopened after a tornado caused extensive damage last week, and there's nothing like a party to celebrate the world's greatest show.
A museum reopened after a tornado caused damage.
Socialite heiress Paris Hilton has vowed never to appear on reality TV show ``I'm A Celebrity...
Paris Hilton has vowed never to appear I 'm.
Von Maur Inc. has settled a federal discrimination lawsuit in which the Davenport-Iowa based company allegedly failed to hire black applicants because of their race.
Von Maur Inc. has settled a federal discrimination lawsuit.
'England under Capello' hit a new low last night, as the Three Lions stumbled to a 0-0 European Championship qualifier against football minnows Montenegro at Wembley.
England under Capello hit a new low night, minnows Montenegro.
Executive Director of Armenian-American Health Center Khachanush Hakobyan said that due to unknown reasons oncological diseases not only affect greater number of people but also growingly affect younger generations both in Armenia and across the globe.
Oncological diseases affect but also growingly affect younger generations in Armenia.
Shaun Alexander, accompanied by two Chick-fil-A cows, emerged from a pick-up truck to deliver the game ball to the officials.
Shaun Alexander emerged to deliver the game ball.
A benefit meal and raffle are planned from 6 to 8 pm Saturday at the Moose Lodge for Eli Hale, an 11-year-old Concordia boy who underwent a heart transplant on July 13.
A benefit meal and raffle are planned to 8 pm Saturday.
Kobe Bryant wants Gilbert Arenas to join the Los Angeles Lakers and has even contacted Arenas personally.
Kobe Bryant wants Gilbert Arenas to join the Los Angeles Lakers.
Global brewing giant SABMiller PLC said Thursday it will enter the high growth market of specialty beers, where its main competitors Belgian Anheuser-Busch InBev NV and Dutch Heineken NV are already active, with a distribution agreement with the Belgian Van Steenberge Brewery.
SABMiller PLC said it will enter the high growth market of specialty beers.
A FREAK weather divide yesterday saw Scots escape snow that brought much of England to a standstill.
Scots escape snow that brought much of England to a standstill.
Bristol Rovers today lost at home to Walsall making it 4 games with out a win.
Bristol Rovers today lost at home to Walsall.
PETN explosive used by Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, alleged Detroit terrorist on board Northwest flight 253 on Friday.
PETN explosive used by Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, alleged Detroit terrorist.
Jamie Roberts will take a trip down memory lane when he returns to action for the Blues this weekend.
Jamie Roberts will take a trip down memory lane.
Busch led 378 of 502 laps on Sunday to win at Bristol, his second victory of the season.
Busch led to win at Bristol.
With India putting Pakistan on the defensive over cross-border terrorism, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh Wednesday said President Asif Ali Zardari did not raise the Kashmir issue during his discussions with him in Russia.
Asif Ali Zardari did not raise the Kashmir issue.
Dutch teachers are going on strike on Tuesday in protest against cuts in special schools.
Teachers are going on strike against cuts in special schools.
A MOLOTOV cocktail was thrown at a synagogue in the centre of the Egyptian capital on Sunday, causing no casualties or damage, the official news agency Mena reported.
A cocktail was thrown at a synagogue.
Two and a Half Men star Charlie Sheen entered a not guilty plea on charges of assaulting his wife last Christmas in a ski resort in Aspen, Colorado where the family was having their vacation.
Charlie Sheen entered a not guilty plea.
Vibo Telecom, one of the five 3G mobile telecom carriers in Taiwan, plans to procure 2,000 HSPA+ base stations as well as 300,000 handsets of which 50% may be smartphones in 2011, according to company CEO George Chou at the 2011 shareholders meeting on June 10.
Vibo Telecom plans to procure 2,000 HSPA + base stations as well as 300,000 handsets 50% may be in 2011.
DREW Mitchell could make a shock early return to save NSW's ailing Super Rugby season - if the Waratahs can stay alive by beating the Bulls on Friday.
DREW Mitchell could make a shock return - if the Waratahs can stay.
A UK newspaper says British and French nuclear submarines collided in the Atlantic earlier this month.
Submarines collided in the Atlantic.
An accident closed route 41 in southern Vigo County Saturday night.
An accident closed route 41 in Vigo County.
Cromwell wineries are opposing a proposed asphalt manufacturing plant because of fears emissions will taint their grapes.
Cromwell wineries are opposing a asphalt plant.
As the tussle for the top job at International Monetary Fund hots up following the resignation of its disgraced former chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn, India has lashed out at the rich nations, saying they don't ``want to give up power easily''.
India has lashed out at the rich nations.
All Pigs Must Die have posted a new song from their forthcoming album onto the Brooklyn Vegan website.
All Pigs Must Die have posted a new song.
Former NFL and Michigan State receiver Andre Rison faces a court-ordered bankruptcy to pay more than $105,000 in back child support and other claims.
Andre Rison faces a bankruptcy.
SANTO DOMINGO, Dominican Republic Minnesota Twins pitcher Francisco Liriano said Monday he received his US visa and was preparing to travel to spring training in Florida.
SANTO DOMINGO, Minnesota Twins pitcher Francisco Liriano said he received his US visa.
Louis Auchincloss, a prolific author of fiction and nonfiction whose dozens of books imparted sober, firsthand knowledge of America's patrician class, has died.
Louis Auchincloss, a author has died.
A Russian national channel said Thursday it would censor ``The Simpsons'' cartoon series to comply...
A Russian channel said it would censor The Simpsons series.
Lake Delton authorities say a Chicago woman remains in critical condition after nearly drowning at a Wisconsin Dells water park.
A woman remains after nearly drowning at a Wisconsin Dells water park.
The most deadly form of ``ovarian'' cancer arises in the fallopian tubes -- not the ovaries -- of knockout mice that lack two genes associated with the disease, said researchers led by Baylor College of Medicine in a report that appears online in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The form of ovarian cancer arises in the fallopian tubes of knockout mice.
A Kentucky man allegedly shot and killed the legendary chupacabra after he found it prowling on his front lawn.
A Kentucky man shot and killed the chupacabra.
Del Monte Foods Co. sold $1.3 billion of eight-year senior notes on Tuesday, part of a $4.75 billion debt offering to fund its leveraged buyout by a private-equity consortium led by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts \u0026 Co.
Del Monte Foods Co. sold $ 1.3 billion of notes.
JPMorgan Chase has released its full set of corporate responsibility reports, highlighting the firm's global efforts to help grow the economy, strengthen the communities in which it operates, expand educational opportunity, and promote environmental sustainability.
JPMorgan Chase has released its set of corporate responsibility reports.
US Border Patrol halts flights with illegal immigrations from Mexicans The US government has halted flights home for Mexicans caught entering the country illegally in the deadly summer heat of Arizona's deserts, a money-saving move that ends a seven-year experiment that cost taxpayers nearly $100 million.
US Border Patrol halts flights with illegal immigrations from Mexicans.
Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced Tuesday the creation of a job center at the Brooklyn Public Library.
Michael Bloomberg announced the creation of a job center at the Brooklyn Public Library.
The Ashland Food Co-op Thursday agreed to a settlement of the unfair labor practice charge filed against it by a local union in November.
The Ashland Food Co-op Thursday agreed to a settlement.
Social Development Minister Paula Bennett's self congratulatory tone in Parliament on youth unemployment doesn't match with the reality that 3000 more young Kiwis have gone on the dole since she announced her Job Ops scheme, says Labour's Youth Affairs spokesperson Jacinda Ardern.
3000 more young Kiwis have gone on the dole.
HSBC has launched a 1.99% mortgage - it's lowest rate ever.
HSBC has launched a 1.99% mortgage.
The Pentagon announced yesterday that it had dropped conspiracy and terrorism charges against five Guantanamo detainees, including a Briton, but said it could reinstate them ``at a later time.''
The Pentagon had dropped conspiracy and charges against five detainees.
Lil Wayne's built a skate park in Lower 9th Ward, New Orleans, one of the areas of the city left devastated by Hurricane Katrina.
Lil Wayne built a skate park in Lower 9th Ward, New Orleans.
India Entertainment City Company, a subsidiary of Abu Dhabi Investment House, announced yesterday the commencement of infrastructure work on its $400m India Entertainment City project, in Navi Mumbai.
India Entertainment City Company announced the commencement of infrastructure work on its India Entertainment City project.
A new study done by the World Anti-Doping Agency may reveal international-level athletes to be doping.
A new study may reveal athletes to be doping.
Brooke Vincent reportedly had to break up a row outside a Manchester club after a night out turned sour.
Brooke Vincent had to break up a row outside a club.
``Nifty has a good support around 5,280-5,290 and weekly closing above 5,300 is a further strong signal. It would face strong resistance around 5,400-5,405. However, traders are suggested to buy at dips as long as Nifty is holding 5,280. IT, Banking and Metals may attract buying while Pharma and FMCG might appear weak,`` said brokerage house FairWealth, while commenting on the outlook for next week.
Traders are suggested to buy at dips long as Nifty is holding 5,280.
TV Land has announced it has renewed its High School Reunion revival for a second season, which is currently scheduled to debut in early 2009.
TV Land has renewed its High School Reunion revival for a second season.
North Korea vowed yesterday to bolster its nuclear deterrent, describing an exercise by United States and South Korean troops as preparation for a ``war of aggression'' against the communist state.
North Korea vowed to bolster its deterrent.
The FIFA head office in Johannesburg was burgled last weekend.
The FIFA office was burgled.
The food inflation rate shot up to 11.43% for the week ended October 15, the sharpest increase in six months.The last time that food inflation stood this high was on April 9 at 11.53 %.
The food inflation rate shot to 11.43%.
US President Barack Obama has postponed his trip to Australia and Indonesia until June as he attempts to push his historic health care reform bill through Congress.
Barack Obama has postponed his trip to Australia.
IPTV home connectivity products provider Entone has unveiled FusionTV, a managed service that provides telecommunication operators with the ability to offer 'over the top' content blended with linear HDTV programming.
Entone has unveiled FusionTV.
Two recent foot pursuits by the Pomeroy Police Department resulted in as many arrests, including the arrest of an alleged fugitive from Mingo County, W.Va.
Two foot pursuits resulted in arrests.
The federal government will build three dams in southern Sudan costing 600 million US dollars to meet the needs of electricity demand in the semi-autonomous region.
The government will build three dams in southern Sudan.
Mexican airport operator Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte, SAB de CV, known as OMA provided information regarding the total suspension of operations of the airlines Mexicana de Aviación, Click Mexicana, and Mexicana Link that was effective noon, Saturday, August 28th.
Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte known as OMA provided information regarding the suspension of operations of the airlines Mexicana de Aviación, Click Mexicana, and Mexicana Link.
Oil tumbled below $82 in Asian trade on Monday, extending last week's losses as financial markets reeled from the impact of fraud charges against Wall Street icon Goldman Sachs, analysts said.
Oil tumbled below $ 82 in Asian trade.
Perkins Coie, a law firm in Seattle, is opening a Dallas office to focus on real estate and lending issues.
Perkins Coie, a law firm in Seattle, is opening a Dallas office.
The Department of Education, Arts \u0026 Culture is issuing a call to artists to provide art class instruction as part of its Artsploration program.
The Department of Education,, Arts \u0026 Culture is issuing a call to artists.
Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback signed massive income tax cuts into law Tuesday, expressing confidence they would boost the economy and not create future budget problems or shift the state's tax burden to the poor.
Sam Brownback signed income tax cuts.
Rumors that the BoE is to cut the repo rate in an emergency announcement today, after ONS data releases at 8.30GMT.
The BoE is to cut the repo rate in an emergency announcement today.
The defence ministry on Monday cleared an over Rs 12,000-crore project to acquire 56 transport aircraft for the IAF to replace its ageing fleet of Avro planes.
The defence ministry cleared an over Rs 12,000 crore project to acquire 56 transport aircraft for the IAF.
A novel 3D printing method could allow the creation of polymer features at a resolution of just 10nm, opening up the path to a raft of new metamaterials.
A 3D printing method could allow, opening up the path to a raft of new metamaterials.
The White House says Vice President Joe Biden has met with U2 frontman Bono to discuss global development, AIDS and efforts to fight poverty.
Joe Biden has met with U2 frontman Bono.
Unlike Dropbox and Google Drive, Sony Playmemories Online offers 5GB of free cloud storage solely for stashing media files including photos and HD videos, rather than emails and documents.
Sony Playmemories Online offers 5GB of free cloud storage.
Microsoft Windows Communications Manager, Brandon LeBlanc, has announced that availability for the Windows 7 beta download has been extended until February 10th, 2009.
Availability for the Windows 7 download has been extended.
A Grand Rapids nursing home says an elderly patient hit a nurse with a hammer.
An patient hit a nurse with a hammer.
Some TV stations will cut their analog signals today and move to digital-only broadcasting.
Some TV stations will cut their analog signals today.
``I join with people of all faiths to express devotion and gratitude to the Lord, who has so richly blessed us. On this National Day of Prayer, we are reminded of those who have sacrificed so much to give us the freedom to worship freely and to speak openly about our faith. As I travel across this country every day, I see God's grace and faithfulness in the lives of so many Americans who share their stories. And it is my prayer that as we strive to better America and to protect her from those who would do her harm, the Lord will keep us strong and free and we will remain one nation under God.''
I join to express devotion and gratitude to the Lord.
Oil held steady above $74 today, buoyed by industry data showing a sharp drawdown in US crude stocks and an unexpected fall in gasoline supply, but the firm dollar limited gains.
Oil held steady above $ 74.
Iraqi police say a car bomb that exploded in Baqouba killed at least 30 people and wounded dozens of others.
A car bomb that exploded in Baqouba killed at least 30 people and wounded dozens.
Actor, Ethan Hawke is about to become a daddy again, this time with Ryan Shawhughes, described as the nanny of his previous two children with Uma Thurman.
Ethan Hawke is about to become a daddy again.
The trial of a Pitt County man accused of brutally murdering his girlfriend has been delayed again.
The trial of a man accused of murdering his girlfriend has been delayed again.
Jones said after practice Tuesday that he had talked extensively with Bryant, who was arrested July 16 for allegedly assaulting his mother.
Jones had talked with Bryant, who was arrested.
AJAY Rochester has denied dumping her household rubbish in someone else's skip, as she prepares to move to America in the hope of kickstarting her TV career.
AJAY Rochester has denied dumping her household rubbish in someone's skip.
Microsoft has announced that it will be releasing an emergency security patch to combat the hackers which may be taking advantage of security flaws in Internet Explorer.
Microsoft will be releasing an emergency security patch.
20 year stand-up comedy vet Yul Spencer is gearing up for his new one man show, Ya Gotta Go Higher.
Yul Spencer is gearing up, Ya Got ta Go Higher.
AS Roma have been fined 50,000 euros for racist behavior by fans in Sunday's Serie A match at AC Milan, a game interrupted by the referee early in the second half.
AS Roma have been fined 50,000 euros for racist behavior by fans.
With UPA facing allegations of corruption, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today said his government wants to use new technology to curb dishonesty and bring transparency in governance.
His government wants to use technology to curb dishonesty.
A structural biologist at the Florida State University College of Medicine has made discoveries that could lead scientists a step closer to understanding how life first emerged on Earth billions of years ago.
How life first emerged on Earth billions of.
Yesterday, an investigation by Reuters revealed that Wellpoint routinely drops coverage of women with breast cancer.
Wellpoint drops coverage of women with breast cancer.
A contrite Ben Roethlisberger said he got caught up in being acaricature called Big Ben, not the grounded player and person he oncewas, leading to his off-field problems and affecting his play as theSteelers quarterback.
A Ben Roethlisberger said he got caught up in being.
Ryan Mathews is expected to retake his starting job ``soon,'' perhaps as early as Week 6 against the Rams.
Ryan Mathews is expected to retake his job soon.
New Delhi, April 26 The Supreme Court Thursday said it wanted journalists to know their limits in reporting court proceedings even as the central government favoured framing of guidelines for the media, claiming that the right to freedom of speech and expression was for the benefit of people and not the press.
The Supreme Court Thursday wanted journalists to know their limits.
ING believes it does not need to make an acquisition on the Romanian banking market, with the first strategic option being the continuation of organic growth for which it has sufficient resources, says Michel Tilmant, 56, CEO of the biggest Dutch banking group.
ING believes it does not need to make an acquisition on the Romanian market.
A man died after falling from a rock face at a well known climbing area, police said.
A man died after falling from a rock face.
WLNE-TV, Channel 6, laid off six employees this week, four full-time workers and two part-time, among them reporter Jennifer Gannon.
WLNE-TV, Channel 6, laid off six employees.
After sitting out the Bears' game against the Carolina Panthers last week because of a concussion, quarterback Jay Cutler is expected to play -- and is expecting to play -- against the Seahawks in Chicago on Sunday.
Jay Cutler is expected to play -- and is expecting.
Cognitec Systems, leading provider of face recognition technology, recently released two product upgrades with the new face recognition algorithm B6T8.
Cognitec Systems released two product upgrades with the new face recognition algorithm.
Rep. Mike Pence said today he will not vote for the financial industry rescue plan that the House could consider as soon as this evening.
Mike Pence said he will not vote for the financial industry rescue plan.
A woman has been charged with child endangerment after a crash that ended with her car in the Mississippi River.
A woman has been charged with child endangerment after a crash.
Birds Eye is to withdraw three beef ready meal products from stores in UK and Ireland after tests found 2% of horse DNA in a chilli con carne dish sold by Birds Eye in Belgium.
Birds Eye is to withdraw three beef products.
A helicopter made an emergency landing Saturday afternoon near Avila Beach Drive and Highway 101, according to the San Luis Obispo County Sheriff's Department.
A helicopter made an emergency landing afternoon.
Sikkim Football Association has congratulated former Indian captain Baichung Bhutia on being appointed chairman of the technical committee of the All India Football Federation.
Sikkim Football Association has congratulated Baichung Bhutia.
Meriden police are investigating a bank robbery on East Main Street Monday afternoon.
Meriden police are investigating a bank robbery.
Padres placed RHP Chris Young on the 15-day disabled list, retroactive to April 7, with right shoulder tightness.
Padres placed RHP Chris Young on the disabled list.
Leader of the House in the Senate Raza Rabbani Sunday said PML-Q will not be a part of coalition government.
PML-Q will not be a part of government.
Many techies are giving reasons why Motorola Droid X is better than iPhone 4 \u0026 HTC Evo 4G?
Why Motorola Droid X is better than iPhone 4 \u0026 HTC Evo 4G.
A judge has dismissed allegations against Bob Barker in a wrongful termination lawsuit filed by a ''Price Is Right'' employee, saying the game-show's longtime host was not her boss.
A judge has dismissed allegations against Bob Barker in a lawsuit.
John Mayer is canceling his upcoming US tour and will take an indefinite hiatus from live performing.
John Mayer is canceling tour and will take an indefinite hiatus.
Max New York Life Insurance launched its `Lifeline` health insurance plans.
Max New York Life Insurance launched its Lifeline plans.
THE latest football transfer rumours on Friday, August 10, involve Sunderland, Tottenham, Real Madrid, Manchester City and Chelsea amongst many others.
THE football transfer rumours, involve.
BASE metals on the London Metal Exchange have closed mostly higher after the euro strengthened following the European Central Bank's rate decision, lifting the appeal of the US dollar-denominated metals to euro holders.
BASE metals have closed higher.
Bibliographic information company Bowker will provide ISBNs for Google Editions, which do not already have publisher assigned ISBNs.
Bowker will provide ISBNs for Google Editions.
POLICE attended an incident in Ahoghill at the weekend in which a dog was struck by a vehicle.
A dog was struck by a vehicle.
Sources inform ''Globes'' that Noble Energy Inc. has fired its Israeli lobbyist, Gilad Government Relations and Lobbying, which was the focus of an investigative report on lobbying in the Knesset by Ilana Dayan's ``Uvda'' program on Channel 2.
Noble Energy Inc. has fired its Israeli lobbyist.
Loudoun County ranks fourth in the nation for job growth over the last eight years, according to a survey by CNNmoney.com.
Loudoun County ranks fourth in the nation for job growth.
China will play a more important role in the world economy if the global financial crunch leads the three richest economies into recession next year.
China will play a more important role in the world economy.
Fife youth boys were rescued from frostbite in the mountain between Pleven hut and Levski hut, the National Medical Coordinative Centre told FOCUS News Agency.
Youth boys were rescued from frostbite.
Singapore and Vietnam agreed to forge deeper economic ties through the Singapore-Vietnam Connectivity Framework Agreement amidst the global economic downturn.
Singapore and Vietnam agreed to forge deeper economic ties.
A man killed his daughter and her paramour in the area of Nishatabad police station here late Thursday night.
A man killed his daughter and her paramour.
The Calgary Stampeders announced they have signed non-import receiver Jabari Arthur to a contract extension on Monday.
The Calgary Stampeders have signed Jabari Arthur to a extension.
The Indian rupee opened at 53.24-53.25 to the dollar today as against previous day's closing value of 53.30 a dollar.
The rupee opened at 53.24 53.25 to the dollar.
Vitali Klitschko will defend his WBC heavyweight title against Shannon Briggs on October 16.
Vitali Klitschko will defend his WBC title against Shannon Briggs.
HOMS, -More than 30 army and law enforcement members were injured, some severely, by armed terrorist groups in Bab Sba' in Homs.
HOMS - More than 30 army and law enforcement members were injured by armed terrorist groups.
Redmond O'Neal, who remains in police custody, was formally charged with one felony count of heroin possession Tuesday.
Redmond O'Neal was formally charged with one count of heroin possession.
Farrah Fawcett is refusing to give up hoping for a cure in her battle with anal cancer and admits she is praying ``for a miracle''.
Farrah Fawcett is praying for a miracle.
Transaero, Russia's third largest airline, has signed a five year, multi-million dollar agreement with aviation IT specialist SITA for its passenger management system.
Transaero has signed a, multi-million dollar agreement with aviation IT specialist SITA.
Bell Canada is boosting internet speeds in Ontario and Quebec by rolling out new fibre infrastructure, bringing Canada in line with what has been happening in other parts of the world for years.
Bell Canada is boosting internet speeds.
A Rhinelander man is facing mulitple charges in Lincoln County following a motorcyle crash on Saturday night.
A Rhinelander man is facing charges following a motorcyle crash.
Manchester City defender Kolo Toure made an unexpected appearance at a soccer convention on Thursday and said he hoped to be back soon after being suspended for a positive drug test earlier this month.
Kolo Toure hoped to be back soon.
Lately reports say that actress Angelina Jolie could play Marilyn Monroe in a new movie about the actress' life.
Angelina Jolie could play Marilyn Monroe in a new movie.
A Salt Lake City man has been charged with sexually assaulting a boy he met at church.
A man has been charged with sexually assaulting.
SPIRIT DSP, the world's top voice and video over IP engines provider, today announced a significant upgrade to its TeamSpirit cross-platform voice and video engines, a set of sophisticated SDKs for service providers, software application developers and OEMs/ODMs to quickly launch
SPIRIT DSP, the world's voice and video, today announced a significant upgrade to its engines, a set of SDKs for service providers, application developers and OEMs / ODMs.
Dynegy Inc. is denying a request by major shareholder Seneca Capital to get rid of its ``poison pill'' plan on the same day that billionaire investor Carl Icahn extended his tender offer for the energy producer.
Dynegy Inc. is denying a request to get rid of its poison pill plan.
Andrei Kondakov, the president of the Black Sea Trade and Development Bank, said Monday in Yerevan that the Bank was considering the possibility of acquiring stakes in several successful Armenian companies.
The Bank was considering the possibility of acquiring stakes in successful Armenian companies.
Lt. Gov. Patrick Quinn called on Gov. Blagojevich today to ``do the right thing and step aside.''
Patrick Quinn called on Blagojevich to do the right thing.
Shame-faced Kristen Stewart has broken her silence.
Kristen Stewart has broken her silence.
As posted earlier, Alex Ferguson was indeed charged by the FA this afternoon with improper conduct following his comments about match official Martin Atkinson's performance following the Mancunians 2-1 defeat at the hands of Chelsea.
Alex Ferguson was indeed charged with improper conduct.
Coach Bob Stoops said after Monday's practice that he expects cornerback Jamell Fleming and center Ben Habern to return to the field Saturday against Texas A\u0026M.
Bob Stoops expects Jamell Fleming and Ben Habern to return.
A new poll released this week by McLaughlin and Associates shows that Americans understand better than Congress that Iran is a serious a threat to our national security and is a dangerous actor amongst its neighbors.
Americans understand Iran is a a threat.
Aguero said Monday on his official website that he wants to take ''a new step'' in his career, saying it's difficult to leave Atletico but necessary to continue his development as a player.
Aguero said he wants, saying it's to leave Atletico.
Thatta flood survivors celebrated Eid as another day of worries.
Thatta flood survivors celebrated Eid.
Essendon legend Matthew Lloyd is expected to announce his retirement from the AFL this morning.
Matthew Lloyd is expected to announce his retirement.
Getit Infoservices, a producer of yellow pages and directories has raised Rs.20 crore from venture capital fund Helion Venture Partners.
Getit Infoservices, has raised Rs.20 crore from Helion Venture Partners.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini is confident his team will bounce back quickly from Monday's 2-1 defeat to Chelsea, claiming 'the result is a lesson for us'.
The result is a lesson.
British medical scientists have devised a test to identify the best potential AIDS vaccines, a newspaper reported Monday.
British scientists have devised a test to identify the best AIDS vaccines.
To me it is mindboggling we still hear financial commentators and others who should know better utter this inane phrase on a regular basis: ``Investors hate uncertainty.''
Investors hate uncertainty.
What kind of traveling hat do you wear when you fly from the Cleveland+ region?
What kind of traveling hat do you wear.
Korean Air, Korea's national airline, is to resume flights to Colombo next month following the boom in tourism and increased travellers from there.
Korean Air is to resume flights next month.
Brazil ( Images ) playmaker Kaka ( Images ) shrugged off worries about his fitness and form after a difficult season for Real Madrid ( Images ) on Tuesday and said he would be 100 percent fit at the World Cup.
Kaka would be 100 percent fit at the World Cup.
Adeyemi, who was out of contract at the Premier League club this summer, joins the a Blues on a two-year-deal and will officially become part of Lee Clark's squad on July 1.
Adeyemi joins the a Blues.
Attorney-General Johannes Tomana has taken over a ranch in Masvingo in the midst of an apparent spree of acquisition of properties in the province by President Robert Mugabe's senior officials.
Johannes Tomana has taken over a ranch in Masvingo.
Glendale Mayor Ara Najarian said with the opening of a branch of Glendale Memorial Hospital in Armenia, the Armenian community of Glendale intends to boost ties with the motherland.
The Armenian community of Glendale intends to boost ties with the motherland.
Human rights activists have expressed concern that Russian soldiers stationed in South Ossetia are living in ``horrendous'' conditions.
Russian soldiers stationed in South Ossetia are living in horrendous conditions.
San Mateo County workers, including the courts and public health, agreed to a new nine-month contract Friday, just one day before the current agreement expires.
Workers agreed to a contract.
GE Oil \u0026 Gas has announced that it has entered into an agreement with Shenyang Turbo Machinery Corporation to acquire a minority interest.
GE Oil \u0026 Gas has entered into an agreement with Shenyang Turbo Machinery Corporation.
Pink Floyd have launched a legal battle to stop their songs being sold individually on iTunes and other internet music sites.
Pink Floyd have launched a legal battle.
Belarus police detained journalists covering a topless protest Monday outside the office of ex-Soviet state's KGB security service to mark President Alexander Lukashenko's disputed re-election a year ago.
Belarus police detained journalists covering a topless protest.
JUST nine state board members have given up their entire annual fees in response to Public Expenditure Minister Brendan Howlin's voluntary scheme.
JUST nine state board members have given up their annual fees.
Republican gubernatorial candidate Carl Paladino says his no-holds-barred style won't change if he makes it into the governor's office.
Carl Paladino says his - style won't change.
League leaders South Woodford suffered a surprise defeat to Chelmsford after a disappointing batting display on Saturday.
South Woodford suffered a surprise defeat.
A suicide bomber struck Shiite pilgrims Sunday on a highway south of Baghdad, killing at least 25 people and wounding 20, police said.
A suicide bomber struck Shiite pilgrims on a highway south of Baghdad, killing at least 25 people.
Isentress, Merck's integrase inhibitor, is now approved for children 2 years of age and older, according to a US Food and Drug Administration announcement.
Isentress is approved for children 2 years of age and older.
The Sensex slipped in the red, led by losses in realty, power and metal sectors, on the back of subdued European cues.
The Sensex slipped in the red.
Wolves have recalled striker Sam Vokes from his loan spell with Championship promotion-chasers Norwich.
Wolves have recalled Sam Vokes with Norwich.
A boil water alert has been partially lifted in Palm Bay after a water main ruptured Saturday at a construction site.
A boil water alert has been partially lifted in Palm Bay.
In a statement to the Tampa Bay Times, Florida Sen. Bill Nelson has pledged to support gay marriage.
Bill Nelson has pledged to support gay marriage.
Minister of Local Government and Regional Development, Kellawan Lall says the beautification of market structures across the country is ongoing.
The beautification of market structures across the country is ongoing.
Helio Castroneves, the two-time Indianapolis 500 winner and TV ``Dancing With the Stars'' champion, was indicted Thursday on tax evasion and tax fraud charges, accused of using offshore accounts to hide millions of dollars in income from the Internal Revenue Service.
Helio Castroneves was indicted on tax evasion and charges.
Spartanburg Community College has received a $300,000 grant for a program called Gateway to College.
Spartanburg Community College has received a $ 300,000 grant.
The markets continued to trade weak in late-morning trades with the BSE Sensex at 16,134, down 238 points and the Nifty at 4,836, down 70 points.
The markets continued to trade weak.
``Future plans for Ras al-Zour call for the industrial city to be bigger than Jubail,'' Al-Dabbagh said.
Plans for Ras al-Zour call to be bigger than Jubail.
Lamar avoided another large halftime deficit by opening to a 14-0 lead against Central Arkansas.
Lamar avoided another halftime deficit.
Canada's international travel deficit narrowed in the summer quarter, shrinking to less than $3 billion for the first time in a year.
Canada's travel deficit narrowed in the summer quarter.
Court records show actor Gary Busey has filed for bankruptcy and is listing more than $500 000 in estimated personal debts.
Gary Busey has filed for bankruptcy.
Actress ROBIN WRIGHT PENN has turned to ex-boyfriend JASON PATRIC as she struggles to cope with her split from husband SEAN PENN.
ROBIN WRIGHT PENN has turned to JASON PATRIC.
Hollywood star George Clooney testified before a Milan court as part of a trial of a fraud case involving three men accused of using the actor's name for a fashion label.
George Clooney testified before a Milan court.
Everton manager David Moyes has hit back at claims he was forced to sell his top stars, saying: 'I make the decisions here'.
Everton manager David Moyes has hit, saying : I make the decisions here.
A 24-year-old Billings woman faces charges after someone tried to break into a pharmacy through the triple-paned, bulletproof drive-up window.
A woman faces charges after someone tried to break into a pharmacy.
President Mahinda Rajapaksa yesterday placed the Sacred Relics of the Buddha in the Sanda Hiru Seya Stupa being constructed in Anuradhapura, dedicated to War Heroes who made the supreme sacrifice on behalf of the nation.
President Mahinda Rajapaksa yesterday placed the Sacred Relics of the Buddha in the Sanda Hiru Seya Stupa.
US stock futures pointed to a stronger open Thursday as markets absorbed news that Spain raised nearly $4.3 billion in a bond auction.
Stock futures pointed to a stronger open Thursday.
Korean tech giant Samsung's smaller Galaxy S4 Mini release date seems to have been delayed.
Samsung's Galaxy S4 Mini release date seems to have been delayed.
New Zealand kiwifruit packer EastPack plans to invest NZ$8.5m in new equipment this year to handle a planned growth in output by 14 per cent.
EastPack plans to invest in new equipment.
A total of 551 tons of narcotics were withdrawn in Iran within last 11 months, Iranian Counter Narcotics Department Chairman Hamidrza Huseynabadi said, the Iranian Mehr News Agency reported.
A total of 551 tons of narcotics were withdrawn in Iran.
The Twilight Saga cast are back together as they make their way to the set of Breaking Dawn!
The Twilight Saga cast are as they make their way to the set.
The host of The Bachelor, Chris Harrison, 38, shares the 25 things you don't know about him with UsMagazine.com.
The host, shares the 25 things you don't know.
A new law in Wisconsin will ban many teen drivers from talking on their cell phones while driving.
A law will ban teen drivers from talking on their cell phones.
Prosecutors say a Virginia woman has pleaded guilty to government fraud which netted her and her husband more than $100,000.
A woman has pleaded guilty to government fraud.
Judgment in the marathon ``heist gang'' trial which began in Pongola four-and-a-half years ago got under way yesterday with the presiding judge getting through the first 10 pages of what is believed to be a typed document exceeding 1 000 pages.
Judgment in the heist gang trial which began in.
Marriott ExecuStay®, a leader in temporary housing, now offers online reservations on ExecuStay.com with the new Book Online Now feature.
Marriott ExecuStay ® now offers online reservations.
The US approved a new nuclear plant design on Dec 22, paving the way for the country's first new nuclear power facilities since 1996 to be built.
The US approved a new nuclear plant design.
This 51 year old Kent woman was murdered according to Seattle Police Homicide Detectives.
This 51 year old Kent woman was murdered.
Xenophon wants breast implant inquiry Updated: 16:46, Sunday February 5, 2012 Senator Nick Xenophon will move for a probe into how the Therapeutic Goods Association has handled the problem of substandard silicon breast implants.
Xenophon wants breast implant inquiry Updated.
The Independent has hired Mary Ann Sieghart, the former veteran Times executive and columnist, to write a weekly political column.
The Independent has hired Mary Ann Sieghart, the former Times executive.
Nobel Peace Prize winner Archbishop Desmond Tutu has announced he is withdrawing from public life.
Desmond Tutu is withdrawing from public life.
Interpol has issued a global alert against Libyan leader Muammer Gaddafi and 15 others, including members of his family and close associates, the global police organisation said on Friday.
Interpol has issued a global alert against Muammer Gaddafi and 15 others.
Former All Black prop Clarke Dermody has re-signed with London Irish for a further two years, ending speculation he might be back in the maroon of Southland this year.
Clarke Dermody has re-signed with London Irish.
WOMEN can learn how a simple test can save their life at a lecture at Sheffield University Medical School tomorrow.
A simple test can save their life.
Police are searching for two men involved with a stabbing on East Market Street on Thursday evening.
Police are searching for two men involved with a stabbing.
The Canadian dollar opened at 97.41 cents US this morning, up 0.14 of a cent from Tuesday's close.
The Canadian dollar opened at 97.41 cents US, up 0.14 of a cent.
The Naples Daily News reported that Derek Lamely has a small cartilage tear in his wrist.
Derek Lamely has a small cartilage tear in his wrist.
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Wednesday evening criticized the US economic sanctions imposed on Iran and said US should change its approach regarding the Islamic Republic.
US should change its approach.
Dubai Municipality has deployed a Nortel data center for supporting e-government services in the municipality.
Dubai Municipality has deployed a Nortel data center.
Bellevue-based Motricity completed its IPO last night, raising $50M in an IPO on the NASDAQ Global Market.
Motricity completed its IPO, raising $ 50M.
Nearly 400 athletes participated in a Special Olympics basketball tournament Saturday on the USM campus in Gorham.
Nearly 400 athletes participated in a Special Olympics basketball tournament.
Taiwan share prices closed 0.5 percent lower in quiet trade Wednesday as investors took cues from Wall Street's weak close amid fears of a collapse of General Motors, dealers said.
Share prices closed 0.5 percent lower.
A Winter Storm Warning remains in effect for Cowley and surrounding counties until 6 pm tonight, according to the National Weather Service in Wichita.
A Winter Storm Warning remains in effect.
Commodity prices fell across the board on Friday as concerns about global demand overshadowed the possibility that Greece could avoid a default on its debt.
Commodity prices fell as concerns about demand overshadowed.
Defence solutions provider MKU today said it has bagged an order worth $35 million for armouring 186 high-speed boats procured for coastal security forces.
MKU has bagged an order worth $ 35 million.
No Thank you Catherine Ceips, you just lost any slim chance of getting my vote.
No Thank Catherine Ceips.
The Minister of State for IT and Telecommunication Sachin Pilot on Monday said that the country will soon have a new telecom policy in place.
The country will soon have a new telecom policy in place.
Texas Gov. Rick Perry will campaign for Mitt Romney at the Iowa State Fair this weekend.
Rick Perry will campaign for Mitt Romney at the Iowa State Fair.
LASPAU, a non-profit organization affiliated with Harvard University, has launched a new site at http://www.laspau.harvard.edu which features scholarship and educational opportunities for individuals from Latin America and the Caribbean.
LASPAU has launched a new site which features scholarship and educational opportunities for individuals from Latin America and the Caribbean.
Actor Matt Damon is all set to make his directorial debut in a yet-untitled drama, which will also star him.
Matt Damon is set to make his directorial debut.
David Beckham employs armed guards to protect his family, it has been revealed.
David Beckham employs armed guards.
Recent data has confirmed that fewer Japanese students are choosing to study abroad, with significantly less studying in the United States in particular.
Fewer Japanese students are choosing to study abroad.
Identical twins Jennifer and Jessica Patterson have given birth on the same day at the same hospital in Indiana.
Identical twins Jennifer have given birth on the same day at the same hospital.
A Fort Recovery, Ohio, teacher has been charged with sexual battery, the Mercer County sheriff said today.
A teacher has been charged with sexual battery.
Mervyn King, the governor of the Bank of England, has this evening played down the threat of inflation in the UK suggesting that inflation is just as likely to under shoot its target as to overshoot.
Mervyn King has this evening played down the threat of inflation.
Actress and model, Jaime Pressly was charged with two counts of drunken driving Tuesday following her arrest in Santa Monica, California early this year.
Actress, Jaime Pressly was charged with two counts of drunken driving.
A MAN accused of attacking former Mansfield Town FC owner Keith Haslam appeared in court on Wednesday morning.
A MAN accused of attacking Keith Haslam appeared in court.
Senator McCain accepted the Republican presidential nomination on the final night of the Republican National Convention.
McCain accepted the Republican presidential nomination.
The world largest video sharing service, YouTube is testing a new live streaming platform.
YouTube is testing a new live streaming platform.
An Australian fugitive won a small part as a policeman in a murder mystery film after he auditioned while on the run for allegedly decapitating a man.
An fugitive won a part as a policeman in a murder mystery film.
The Citizens Against Government Waste released their annual ``Pig Book'' Wednesday, which details the government's most egregious uses of pork barrel spending.
The Citizens Against Government Waste released their annual Pig Book.
Artomatic 419!, featuring the work of 200 seasoned and emerging artists and continuous musical and spoken-word entertainment, opens Saturday and continues on April 25 and May 2.
Artomatic 419, featuring the work of 200 artists, opens.
Corona city officials today cut more than 100 staff positions and sliced $10.5 million from the budget, moves they expect will avert a major shortfall.
Corona officials today cut more than 100 positions and sliced $ million from the budget.
With a new twist in survival programming, Discovery Channel brings a new series ONE CAR TOO FAR.
Discovery Channel brings a new series ONE CAR TOO FAR.
Those octuplets born yesterday in Bellflower are reportedly doing well.
Those octuplets born yesterday are doing well.
WILLISTON, ND A rural Williston church that was destroyed by fire in February 2007 has risen from the ashes.
WILLISTON, rural church has risen from the ashes.
A man accused of killing his neighbor's dog back in February pleaded guilty to a lesser charge of disorderly conduct on Monday.
A man accused of killing his neighbor's dog pleaded guilty.
President Obama is warning health insurance companies against big rate hikes as a sweeping new reform law starts to take hold.
Obama is warning health insurance companies against big rate hikes.
Actavis pharmaceutical company will open a platform for disabled people at the Uspenie Bogorodichno Cathedral /Dormition of the Theotokos Cathedral/ in the coastal city of Varna.
Actavis company will open a platform for disabled people.
Apple has announced that it will be posting videos of all the WWDC sessions during the conference.
Apple will be posting videos of the WWDC sessions during the conference.
In a bid to gain access to a promising new treatment for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, or COPD, pharmaceutical giant AstraZeneca announced today it is acquiring privately held Pearl Therapeutics in a deal that could have a total valuation of $1.15 billion when all is said and done.
AstraZeneca is acquiring Pearl Therapeutics in a deal that could have a valuation of $ 1.15 billion.
Jil Sander have opted out of Milan Fashion Week and will hold two independent shows instead.
Jil Sander have opted out of Milan Fashion Week.
President Barack Obama on Saturday urged his fellow Americans to get tested for HIV in an effort to reduce transmission of the virus that causes Aids.
Barack Obama urged his Americans to get tested for HIV.
People who believe in fate and destiny tend to dump superstition when faced with the death, says a recent study.
People tend to dump superstition when faced with the death.
MANILA, Philippines Manny Pacquiao returned to the Philippines on Saturday to help flood victims in his home province, a week after his loss to Timothy Bradley.
Manny Pacquiao returned to help flood victims.
European wheat futures continued to rise on Thursday following a jump to a one-week high the previous day in Chicago on US and European weather concerns, and supported by a weak euro against the dollar, traders said.
European wheat futures continued to rise.
The Montreal Canadiens signed former Harvard center Louis Leblanc to a three-year contract Friday.
The Montreal Canadiens signed former Harvard center Louis Leblanc.
Hitachi Data Systems has unveiled 'IT Operations Director' which it says is a an integrated IT lifecycle management solution that offers security management, asset management and software distribution.
Hitachi Data Systems has unveiled IT Operations Director.
Fidessa group, a supplier of multi-asset trading, portfolio analysis, decision support, investment compliance, market data and global connectivity solutions for the buy-side and sell-side, has launched its intelligent liquidity access strategy in Europe.
Fidessa group has launched its intelligent liquidity access strategy in Europe.
Internet safety experts say our courts are finally recognising that the impact of online crime is as serious as that committed elsewhere.
Our courts are recognising the impact of online crime is.
Lance Armstrong ( Images ) is confident the ongoing federal investigation into alleged doping will go his way, the seven-times Tour de France ( Images ) champion said on Thursday.
Lance Armstrong is confident the investigation will go his way.
Buster Posey is, according to Bruce Bochy, ``good to go,'' and is set to see more work soon.
Buster Posey is good to go, and is set to see more work.
Former president Bill Clinton left hospital Friday saying surgery to open a blocked artery had been ``miraculous'' and that he would return to his fundraising work for Haiti.
Bill Clinton left hospital saying surgery.
He hosted a Congress at Your Corner event, where he got a chance to sit and chat one on one with the people of his district.
He hosted a Congress at Your Corner event.
Gov. Jim Doyle has called a special session of the Legislature for tomorrow to take up the hospital assessment.
Jim Doyle has called a special session of the Legislature to take up the hospital assessment.
On Monday, January 16, at 12.00, the press center of the Interfax-Ukraine news agency will host a press conference entitled ``The Real Estate Market - The Results of 2011.
January 16 the press center of the Interfax-Ukraine agency will host a conference entitled The Real Estate Market - The Results of 2011.
WREXHAM'S Glyndwr University will be governed by Bangor and Aberystwyth universities in the future, Wales education minister Leighton Andrews revealed today.
WREXHAM 'S Glyndwr University will be governed by Bangor and Aberystwyth universities.
JACKSONVILLE, Florida - Tiger Woods says he's taking an indefinite leave from golf to work on saving his marriage, using the word ``infidelity'' for the first time in a statement posted on his Web site on Friday.
Tiger Woods's taking an indefinite leave from golf.
(JAKARTA) Indonesia and Liberia's coral reef fisheries are most vulnerable to collapse, says a study that has ranked the vulnerability of coastal nations based on indicators for their coral reef management, fisheries and food security.
Indonesia and Liberia's fisheries are most vulnerable to collapse.
A Las Cruces couple was arrested Thursday on charges of illegal sexual contact and child abuse stemming from incidents involving their two young children.
A couple was arrested on charges of contact and child abuse.
Bath golden girl Amy Williams is looking forward to the next chapter of her life after retiring from skeleton because of injury.
Bath golden girl Amy Williams is looking after retiring from skeleton because of injury.
TO better serve its expanding and global web-based clientele, TractorExport.com has launched its new and enhanced web site with SEO Samba.
TractorExport.com has launched its new and enhanced web site.
However, the ABC report, similar to most media and educational presentations about dating violence, primarily or exclusively proffer girls as docile and passive victims and boys as assertive and aggressive offenders.
The ABC report proffer girls as docile and passive victims and boys as assertive and aggressive offenders.
Malaysian society should change their bad perception of foreign students as they too contribute to the country's economy.
Malaysian society should change their bad perception of foreign students.
A man has lost his arm in a freak accident when it became entangled while he was swinging on a rope over a western Victorian river.
A man has lost his arm in a freak accident.
Cheryl Cole has announced her very first solo arena tour, confirming she'll play nine tour dates across the UK as part of the A Million Lights event, starting off in Belfast this October.
Cheryl Cole has announced her first solo arena tour.
Vijay Singh will return to Malaysia after a seven-year absence to appear in the Iskandar Johor Open which tees off in October, organisers said on Thursday.
Vijay Singh will return to Malaysia.
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said here Thursday that ``we must realistically assess the situation and put in place more effective projections'' for the UN staff in Afghanistan, following a Wednesday attack killed at least five UN staff members in the Afghan capital of Kabul.
We must realistically assess the situation and put for the staff in Afghanistan.
In preparation for his 30-date UK arena tour this autumn, Michael McIntyre will perform at the Villa Marina on Tuesday 11th August.
Michael McIntyre will perform at the Villa Marina.
Robot flies causing a buzz Updated: 15:28, Thursday May 2, 2013 If you're ever thinking shoo fly, don't bother me, take a closer look because the insect may not be what it seems.
Robot flies causing a buzz 15:28.
One of the best ways you can invest your money, in a safe manner, is to get a high yield savings account.
One is to get a high yield savings account.
BNP lawmakers on Saturday morning form a human chain at the Jatiya Sangsad Bhaban premises.
BNP lawmakers form a human chain.
The Yankees announced today that they signed Dante Bichette Jr., their Supplemental Round draft pick.
The Yankees signed Dante Bichette Jr..
Chemicals giant DuPont unveiled plans to streamline its organization Thursday morning by consolidating its wide-ranging 23 businesses and eliminating five group vice president positions.
DuPont unveiled plans to streamline its organization.
The International Monetary Fund says it strongly endorses a plan by rich countries to fight the global credit crisis.
The International Monetary Fund endorses a plan by rich countries to fight the credit crisis.
David Nalbandian will miss the French Open after an illness hampered his recovery from a hernia operation and a muscle injury.
David Nalbandian will miss the French Open.
He is expected to be extradited to the US within days, where he faces charges that he was responsible for ``the greatest military hack in history''.
He is expected to be extradited within days, the US he faces.
FARMERS who are missing out on funding have been urged to contact a Northumberland MP.
FARMERS have been urged to contact a MP.
Cathay General Bancorp, the holding company for Cathay Bank, is scheduled to announce its third quarter 2010 financial results after the markets close on Tuesday, October 26, 2010.
Cathay General Bancorp is scheduled to announce its third quarter 2010 financial results.
Ranbir Kapoor, who lives with his parents Rishi Kapoor and Neetu Kapoor, says that he wants to stay in a live-in relationship.
Ranbir Kapoor, who lives, says he wants to stay in a relationship.
View full size Dr. Neil deGrasse Tyson will speak on ``10 things you should know about the Universe'' and sign books at Colgate University on Monday, Feb. 25th at 7 pm The Associated Press
Dr. Neil deGrasse Tyson will speak on 10 things you should know about the Universe and sign books at Colgate University.
The Obama administration is increasing agency accountability for improving programs at all levels of government.
The administration is increasing agency accountability.
No, it isn't a concert or even the big game - it's to watch civil unions become legal in Illinois.
Civil unions become legal in Illinois.
``I've been there and I've done it all. I did the drugs, I've been with men, I've been with women. All of it,'' she said July 13 on the Atlanta-based V103′s ``Frank \u0026 Wanda in the Morning'' radio program.
I 've been and I 've done I 've been with women.
Malaysia has launched a fleet of women-only taxis, an initiative that follows pink-colored train coaches and buses aimed at shielding women from harassment, reports said Sunday.
Malaysia has launched a fleet of women - only taxis reports said.
Air Arabia has doubled flights to the Turkish city of Istanbul following increased demand for low-cost services to the city.
Air Arabia has doubled flights to the city of Istanbul.
In his first season with the Browns, Pat Shurmur will serve as head coach and offensive coordinator.
Pat Shurmur will serve as coach and coordinator.
Bollywood star Salman Khan on Monday got a relief in the 1998 chinkara poaching case as the Jodhpur bench of the Rajasthan High Court allowed him to leave the country without informing it in advance.
Salman Khan got a relief in the 1998 chinkara case.
A lawsuit challenging the initiative wants the ballot language rewritten to emphasize the potential influence of money on the judicial selection process.
A lawsuit challenging wants the ballot language.
President Barack Obama enjoys a favorable rating from 60 percent of likely voters, as well as modest expectations for how quickly the economy will improve under his administration, a new Zogby Interactive poll shows.
Barack Obama enjoys a favorable rating from 60 percent.
The Green Party candidate for governor says Illinois should legalize and tax marijuana, but his opponents disagree.
The candidate for governor says Illinois should legalize and tax marijuana.
Lake County officials say human remains were found in Big Arm last week and have been taken to the state crime lab in Missoula for identification and to determine the cause of death.
Human remains were found in Big Arm.
North Korea presents a serious security threat and US forces in South Korea are ready to respond quickly and decisively to counter any attack, the US Defense Secretary and military leaders said on Tuesday.
North Korea presents a serious security threat.
JAVIER MASCHERANO could stay at Liverpool after Inter Milan president Massimo Moratti insisted the club must sell before they can buy.
JAVIER MASCHERANO could stay at Liverpool.
Skyhook Wireless, provider of the Wi-Fi Positioning System and XPS 2.0, the hybrid positioning system, has announced its formal launch in Europe.
Skyhook Wireless, has announced its launch in Europe.
Padraig Harrington was voted PGA Tour player of the year by his peers Tuesday, becoming the first European player to win the award since it began in 1990.
Padraig Harrington was voted PGA Tour player of the year.
Super middleweight champion Andre Ward says he would consider a rematch with Britain's world champion Carl Froch.
Andre Ward would consider a rematch with Carl Froch.
Florida A\u0026M has fired Robert Lucas as head baseball coach, following the worst finish in the history of the program that left the Rattlers out of this week's MEAC tournament.
Florida A\u0026M has fired Robert Lucas.
Mobile operator Vodafone Romania has added five new channels to its AdPlus mobile advertising services.
Vodafone Romania has added five new channels to its AdPlus advertising services.
Dr. Fehmida Mirza, Speaker National Assembly has said that the economic crisis in the country can be resolved through collective efforts by health expert's community leaders, politicians and religious leaders with the special cooperation of masses.She said this in her message on the world population day being commemorated under the auspices of United Nations throughout the globe on July 11, says a press release.
The economic crisis in the country can be resolved through collective efforts.
NDP Group researchers have pulled out their geeky pocket calculators and Vegas style visors to work out that Mac sales have dropped 6 percent in January.
Mac sales have dropped 6 percent.
Ed Hardy womens hoodies and bikinis are very popular among women of all ages, and are regularly seen in fashion magazines, on runways, and worn by fashion mavens everywhere.
Ed Hardy womens hoodies.
The B season is almost upon us and it's the most exciting time, every state and territory Australia wide is ready, only weeks out from competitions which are all geared towards athletes of all ages and categories qualifying for the Ultimate competition the Australian Natural Physique Championships.
The B season is.
The state Department of Motor Vehicles has announced it has begun a review of training and licensing of young drivers in an effort to make tests tougher and more comprehensive.
The Department of Motor Vehicles has begun a review of training and licensing of young drivers.
The court appearance of Michael Adebolajo, charged with the murder of Drummer Lee Rigby on May 22, has been delayed.
The court appearance has been delayed.
Newly single Jennifer Aniston has burrowed herself in her business, which currently is the filming of her new romantic comedy 'The Baster' in New York.
Jennifer Aniston has burrowed in her business.
Legendary musician Paul McCartney will appear as a guest on ``The Colbert Report'' tonight.
Paul McCartney will appear as a guest on The Colbert Report tonight.
Teachers and school staff protested about Novopay outside New Plymouth MP Jonathan Young's office this morning.
Teachers protested about Novopay.
Toys ``R'' Us on Thursday sold $450 million of senior notes to raise money that will be used to pay down some of its long-term debt that comes due next year.
Toys ``R'' Us sold $ 450 million of senior notes.
The European Union may impose a travel ban on 158 Belarusian government officials and other individuals on January 31 over the rigged presidential election and the post-election crackdown on the opponents of the Belarusian government, the Brussels-based online newspaper EUobserver said on January 28.
The European Union may impose a travel ban on 158 Belarusian officials and other individuals.
We're sorry to hear that tennis legend Martina Navratilova has been diagnosed with a form of non-invasive breast cancer, called DCIS.
Martina Navratilova has been diagnosed with a form of breast cancer.
Sir Paul McCartney closed the Isle of Wight festival last night with a career spanning headline slot.
Paul McCartney closed the Isle of Wight festival.
A FORMER Sheffield primary school teacher who taught hundreds of city youngsters to read and write has celebrated her 106th birthday.
A teacher has celebrated her 106th birthday.
A senior Iranian legislator on Sunday urged world powers to recognize Iran's nuclear capabilities and said that Tehran would not make any concessions on its nuclear program, AFP reported.
A Iranian legislator urged world powers to recognize Iran's nuclear capabilities.
09:30:00 Juventus midfielder Felipe Melo has joined Galatasaray on a one year long loan deal, with an option for the Turkish side to purchase him outright at the end of the season.
Felipe Melo has joined Galatasaray on a loan deal.
Swiss chipmaker STMicroelectronics NV reported a wider first-quarter loss Wednesday as sales sank across the board, and said it would lay off 1,200 people.
STMicroelectronics NV would lay off 1,200 people.
Home '' Pittsburgh Pirates '' What's The Solution?
What's The Solution.
While Hayden Panettiere is eager to move into an apartment with her boyfriend of just a few months, Milo Ventimiglia is calling himself single.
Milo Ventimiglia is calling himself single.
After review of the program's full development strategy, GSK will focus development efforts on the subcutaneous delivery of ofatumumab in autoimmune indications and will stop further development work on the intravenous route of administration in autoimmune disease.
GSK will focus efforts on the subcutaneous delivery of ofatumumab.
Savings.com, the leading online source for coupons, deals and expert shopping tips, today announced that it has achieved a major milestone -- it has posted 1,000,000 deals to the site since being founded almost five years ago.
Savings.com, today announced -- it has posted 1,000,000 deals.
Dana Holding Corporation formally broke ground Sunday for a $20 million technical center in Pune, India.
Dana Holding Corporation broke ground for a $ 20 million technical center in Pune, India.
Australian conglomerate Wesfarmers, faced with turmoil in global debt markets, will sell 2.6 billion Australian dollars, or $2.4 billion, in new shares to help refinance its 18 billion Australian dollar acquisition of supermarket operator Coles.
Wesfarmers will sell 2.6 billion dollars, or $ 2.4, in new shares.
The European Union on Thursday welcomed abolition of death penalty in the US State of Connecticut, and expressed the hope that other US states where capital punishment is still in vogue will follow suit.
The European Union welcomed abolition of death penalty in the US State of Connecticut.
CARDIFF CITY chairman Peter Ridsdale hopes to tie up a major Far East cash investment for the Bluebirds.
CARDIFF CITY chairman Peter Ridsdale hopes to tie up a Far East investment.
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev ordered OAO Gazprom to reduce gas supplies to Belarus, which carries about 20 percent of Europe-bound exports of the fuel, this morning after talks over a gas debt failed, said a Kremlin official, who declined to be identified.
Dmitry Medvedev ordered OAO Gazprom to reduce gas supplies to Belarus after talks over a debt failed.
Arms dealer Viktor Bout, dubbed the ``merchant of death'', has been sentenced to 25 years in jail by a US judge, BBC reported.
Arms dealer Viktor Bout has been sentenced.
Bosnian-born defender Neven Subotic has chosen to play soccer for Serbia instead of the United States.
Neven Subotic has chosen to play for Serbia.
Pittsburgh Penguins star Evgeni Malkin has passed concussion related tests, and will play tonight against the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Evgeni Malkin has passed tests, and will play tonight.
Regional leaders say Zimbabwean negotiators have the basis for a power-sharing agreement.
Zimbabwean negotiators have the basis for a agreement.
The Backstreet Boys were forced to cancel several promotional appearances after member Brian Littrell was diagnosed with swine flu.
The Backstreet Boys were forced after Brian Littrell was diagnosed with swine flu.
Three JD leaders were expelled on Friday from the party for anti-party activities by party president Sharad Yadav.
Three JD leaders were expelled.
A London man has been charged with murder after he reportedly stabbed his girlfriend multiple times late Monday, according to London Police Chief Stewart Walker.
A London man has been charged with murder.
Ecommerce firm Myntra.com has acquired SherSingh.com, a private label online brand specialising in sports-inspired lifestyle apparel.
Myntra.com has acquired SherSingh.com.
THE PENTAGON HAS cleared retired General Stanley McChrystal of wrongdoing after Rolling Stone magazine said that he and his staff had spoken disrespectfully about top US officials.
THE PENTAGON HAS cleared Stanley McChrystal of wrongdoing.
​On his boyculture blog, Matthew Rettenmund helps narrow down just who it might be who's supposedly coming out on the cover of People on May 5.
It might be who's coming out on May 5.
Model-turned-actress Esha Gupta has showcased her bold and daring side in ``Jannat 2'' and ``Raaz 3'', but she says she doesn't care about being typecast in the Hindi film industry.
Esha Gupta doesn't care about being typecast.
Hong Kong has signed comprehensive double tax agreements with eight countries since March.
Hong Kong has signed double tax agreements with eight countries.
Houston, TX - Houston Texans defensive end JJ Watt suffered an elbow injury during practice on Thursday.
Houston, JJ Watt suffered an elbow injury.
India on Monday said it was free to make a nuclear bomb should it feel it necessary to do so keeping in view the regional geo-political situation and the country's defence requirements.
India was free to make a nuclear bomb.
Lindsay Lohan and Dina Lohan allegedly got into a fight early this morning.
Lindsay Lohan and Dina Lohan got into a fight.
Paul Haeberlin, a famous French chef who transformed his family's modest restaurant into a world-class affair that won Michelin stars, died yesterday.
Paul Haeberlin, a French chef, died.
Six central banks, including the Bank of England, have cut their interest rates by half a percentage point in an effort to steady the faltering global economy.
Six central banks have cut their interest rates.
Two men from East London have been jailed and fined £7,000 for poisoning wildlife at a park.
Two men have been jailed for poisoning wildlife.
Fiat is close to reaching an agreement that would allow Chrysler to build Jeeps in China at a plant owned by Guangzhou Automobile Group.
Fiat is close to reaching an agreement that would allow Chrysler to build Jeeps in China.
Al Jazeera journalists were assaulted and briefly detained in Zimbabwean while covering a cabinet meeting after Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai's boycott, Reporters Without Borders said on Thursday.
Al Jazeera journalists were assaulted detained in Zimbabwean.
ArcelorMittal today announces the retirement of Mr Malay Mukherjee, Member of the Group Management Board with responsibility for Asia, Africa, CIS, Mining, Stainless and Pipes \u0026 Tubes.
ArcelorMittal today announces the retirement.
The Buffalo Sabres have picked up the one-year option on head coach Lindy Ruff's contract, which means he will be back for a 13th season.
He will be back for a 13th season.
Yahoo has launched a new location-based service known as Fire Eagle, raising quite a few privacy questions.
Yahoo has launched a service known as Fire Eagle, raising quite a few privacy questions.
Word has it that Paula Abdul will be returning to American Idol as a guest for the finale episode later this week.
Paula Abdul will be returning to American Idol as a guest for the finale episode this week.
Some of the worlds biggest mobile phone manufacturers have agreed to adopt a new universal standard of phone charger in an effort to be more environmentally friendly.
Mobile phone manufacturers have agreed to adopt a standard of charger.
``Both Modi and Kumar are like cousin brothers in relation to communal matters,'' Lalu Prasad said.
Modi and Kumar are like cousin brothers.
Levi Johnston has said that he ``cherishes'' the time he gets to spend with his young son.
Levi Johnston cherishes the time he gets to spend with his son.
The Lions placed Williams on injured reserve Tuesday after missing four of the last five games because of the injury.
The Lions placed Williams on injured reserve.
Actors Topher Grace and Demetri Martin stopped by FOX 2 on Wednesday to talk about their new movie, Take Me Home Tonight .
Topher Grace and Demetri Martin stopped to talk, Take Me Home Tonight.
On July 25, at 11.30am the press centre of Ukrainian News agency is hosting a press conference about whether Ukraine will manage to shake prices of Russian gas without solid rebates from its side.
The press centre is hosting a conference about Ukraine will manage to shake prices of Russian gas without solid rebates from its side.
The voice of the people will not be heard, and those who have the most money will have the power to influence our representatives in Congress to do their bidding.
The voice of the people will not be heard.
Miramar police Tuesday identified a 22-year-old home invasion robbery suspect who was fatally shot over the weekend.
Miramar police identified a home invasion robbery suspect.
Forecasters say Hurricane Bertha has weakened to a Category 1 storm.As of 5 pm EDT Tuesday, the center of the storm was about 620 miles east-northeast of the northern Leeward Islands and about 900 miles southeast of Bermuda.
Hurricane Bertha has weakened to a Category 1 storm.As.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is set to announce Japan will join talks on a Pacific trade pact that would oblige the country to undertake major reforms, especially in farming.
Japan will join talks on a Pacific trade pact.
Google has bought a mobile appointment and planning company called Plannr with the potential aim of integrating the service into its upcoming Google Me social networking effort, according to sources close to TechCrunch.
Google has bought a mobile appointment company called Plannr.
A Seymour driver was found dead in his tipped-over grain truck Tuesday, authorities said.
A Seymour driver was found dead in his truck.
Foreign companies and NGOs defalcate financial aid from abroad, Afghan Parliamentary Commission on Justice, Governance of Reforms and Combating Corruption Deputy Chairman Mollavi Gul Ahmed said today.
Foreign companies and NGOs defalcate financial aid.
After enduring crash threat during the landing of Airbus 330-300 in Gabon with Turkish President Abdullah Gul aboard, a crash threat appeared in PM Erdogan's ``Ana'' plane on Sunday, Vatan reported.
A crash threat appeared in PM Erdogan's plane.
The Los Angeles Dodgers placed left-hander Ted Lilly on the 15-day disabled list Friday with a strain in his right rib cage and activated starter Clayton Kershaw from the bereavement list to start the opener of a weekend series against the San Francisco Giants.
The Los Angeles Dodgers placed left-hander Ted Lilly on the disabled list and activated Clayton Kershaw from the bereavement list.
RIFA, Bahrain -Kuwait knocked Saudi Arabia out of the Gulf Cup by beating coach Frank Rijkaard's side 1-0 on Saturday to secure a place in the semifinals.
Kuwait knocked Saudi Arabia out of the Gulf Cup.
The Jacksonville division of Lennar, one of the nation's leading homebuilders, was recently rated number one builder in Jacksonville for customer satisfaction by one of the leading customer research firms.
The division of Lennar was rated number one builder in Jacksonville for customer satisfaction.
Miami Dolphins running back Reggie Bush will miss his team's regular-season finale against the New York Jets due to a knee injury.
Miami Dolphins running back Reggie Bush will miss his team's finale against the New York Jets due to a injury.
Tween star sensation Selena Gomez is not far behind with the number of BFF's she had during the last few years.Setting on to become a good BFF this year, she just recently got a new boy BFF and it none other the hearthrob 'JOE JONAS'.
Selena Gomez got a new boy BFF.
Transformers star Megan Fox and actor Brian Austin Green are reportedly seeking professional help to save their romance.
Transformers star Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green are seeking professional help.
The global platform based truck production is expected to reach 612,000 units by 2018, nearly doubling the levels of production recorded in 2011, according to a new report.
The global platform based truck production is expected to reach 612,000 units by 2018 according to a report.
Leona Lewis is said to be dating One Direction singer Liam Payne, with sources claiming their relationship is ``blossoming.''
Leona Lewis is said to be dating One Direction singer Liam Payne.
Local Green Party of Quebec provincial election candidates made an attempt at getting the youth vote out by renting a high school bus and putting it at the disposal of CEGEP Gérald Godin students to drive them to advance polling stations earlier today, but nobody wound up getting on board.
Green Party made an attempt at getting the youth vote out.
TSN and the CFL have today announced that TSN Radio will be the national radio broadcaster of the historic and highly-anticipated 100th GREY CUP on November 25.
TSN Radio will be the national broadcaster of the 100th GREY CUP.
Bapco will complete its refinery modernisation master plan by 2018, its chief executive-designate Gordon Smith said.
Bapco will complete its refinery modernisation plan by 2018.
German stocks were little changed as better-than-estimated earnings from European consumer companies offset Dell Inc.'s negative earnings outlook for the region.
German stocks were little changed.
BJP on Monday indicated that it is likely to support the reservation in promotion for SC/ST bill with some amendments, saying it favours all measures for social justice provided they are within constitutional parameters.
BJP indicated it is likely to support the reservation in promotion for SC ST bill.
Despite the cloud of rumours, Id was celebrated with fervour across the city on Monday.
Id was celebrated with fervour across the city.
POLICE say 14 inmates have escaped from a jail in the southern Philippines, including several 'high-risk' prisoners.
14 inmates have escaped from a jail.
Lakers forward Pau Gasol signed his three-year contract extension, a deal that could be worth up to $64.7 million, depending on the NBA salary-cap figures to be determined in 2011.
Lakers forward Pau Gasol signed his contract extension.
French telecommunications service provider Orange teams with French bank BNP Paribas to launch the Cart Jump co-branded prepaid Visa card.
Orange teams with BNP Paribas to launch Jump co-branded prepaid card.
Former Notre Dame quarterback Jimmy Clausen confirmed he won't do any drills at the NFL combine next week in Indianapolis because he's recovering from surgery to repair tendon damage in his right toe.
Jimmy Clausen confirmed he won't do any drills combine.
TWO men have been jailed for a ``cowardly'' attack on a vulnerable man in his own home.
TWO men have been jailed for a attack on a man in his own home.
France entered a recession in the first quarter this year with gross domestic product contracting 0.2 percent, after shrinking the same amount in the last quarter of 2012.
France entered a recession in the first quarter.
Rutgers tight end and NFL hopeful DC Jefferson was injured while bench pressing at the NFL Scouting Combine on Friday.
Rutgers tight end DC Jefferson was injured while bench pressing.
Seafarer recently released their latest single ``Cave'' and will make the track available on a 7`` later this year.
Seafarer released their latest single Cave.
Kindergarten registration is now open for children who live in the Jasper County School District attendance zone.
Kindergarten registration is open.
CELTIC manager Neil Lennon has admitted an interest in signing South Korea international Kim Bo-Kyung.
Neil Lennon has admitted an interest in signing South Korea Kim Bo-Kyung.
And they're discusing, who are the Libyan rebels exactly?
Who are the rebels.
A policewoman broke her jaw when she was allegedly kicked in the face while trying to defuse a domestic incident in Taupo on Saturday.
A policewoman was allegedly kicked in the face.
Tasty Baking Company today announced that its Board of Directors on February 3, 2010, declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.05 per share on all outstanding shares of common stock.
Tasty Baking Company Board, declared a regular quarterly cash dividend.
Fairfax Media Ltd. said Thursday it has appointed Australian hamburger king Jack Cowin, an ally of the company's biggest shareholder Gina Rinehart, to the board.
Fairfax Media Ltd. has appointed Jack Cowin to the board.
An Eau Claire woman is accused of embezzling her elderly father's money to pay her personal expenses including legal fees, car repairs and spending money.
An Eau Claire woman is accused of embezzling her elderly father's money.
A fire sparked a drug investigation in Troy and several lives were at risk.
A fire sparked a drug investigation in Troy.
Chargers cornerback Antoine Cason had surgery on his fractured right index finger on Monday, leaving him in ``good position to be ready for the season,'' coach Norv Turner said.
Antoine Cason had surgery on his right index finger.
The moon will look bigger, may be 16 percent larger, on March 19 when the full moon will be closest to the earth in the last 18 years, offering a special treat for the skygazers.
The moon will be closest to the earth.
Steelman is set to announce, Saturday, that she is running for Governor.
Steelman is running for Governor.
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina asserted that democracy would persist in Bangladesh and none would go against the people's expectation of keeping the country on democratic track.
Democracy would persist in Bangladesh.
A new study has found more evidence that breastfeeding is good for the baby's brain.
Breastfeeding is good for the baby's brain.
MARSEILLE, France -French league side Marseille announced Wednesday that it has appointed Elie Baup as manager on a two-year contract.
Marseille has appointed Elie Baup as manager.
The European Central Bank on Thursday left its key lending rate unchanged at 0.75%, as expected.
The European Central Bank left its rate unchanged.
Low total cholesterol can be a sign of cancer, but not a cause, new research has found, shedding new light on the role of cholesterol in cancer.
Low cholesterol can be a sign of cancer.
Brisbane is facing a homelessness crisis, the premier warns, amid fears bodies could be lying undiscovered in flood-hit parts of the city.
Brisbane is facing a homelessness crisis.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad asked the world powers on Thursday to be 'polite' in dealing with Tehran, a day after diplomats from six countries met to discuss the nuclear standoff.
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad asked the world powers to be polite.
The best time to end and eBay auction is a popular question among eBay sellers.
The best time to end and eBay auction is.
A pregnant mother and her two-year-old daughter had a lucky escape as the alert mother got out of her car with her child just in time before the car caught fire along Beribi road last evening, no injuries were reported.
A mother had as the mother got before the car caught fire.
Wells Fargo refinance mortgage rates are currently at an all-time low.
Wells Fargo refinance mortgage rates are.
The Minister for Education, Filipe Bole says declining examination results recorded at the Holy Family Secondary School in Labasa in the past few years is of grave concern to him.
Examination results is of concern to The Minister for Education.
A former TriMet bus driver who was accused of harassing agency and union leaders from abroad has been extradited to Oregon.
A former TriMet driver has been extradited to Oregon.
A severe weather warning has been issued for later today with forecasters saying stormy conditions are likely to lead to some structural damage and will be accompanied by high seas on Atlantic coasts.
A severe weather warning has been issued.
Over 500 tonnes of manganese and iron ore have been seized from Orissa's mineral-rich Keonjhar district in a continuing crackdown on illegal mining, an official said Saturday.
Over 500 tonnes of manganese and iron ore have been seized.
Twin suicide car bomb blasts ripped through an upscale Damascus district today, targeting heavily guarded intelligence buildings and killing at least 40 people, Syrian authorities said.
Twin suicide car bomb blasts ripped through an Damascus district.
The Kane County Cougars have reached the halfway mark of the season, and while their 28-41 record isn't stunning, there are plenty of individual accomplishments and a lot to follow if you're a baseball fan.
The Kane County Cougars have reached the halfway mark.
On the eve of Barack Obama's inauguration, a Port Charlotte church asks, what would Dr. King think if he came back today?
What would Dr. King think.
The UK is set to have the world's largest renewable energy plant using advanced gasification energy-from-waste technology.
The UK is set to have the world's largest renewable energy plant.
Mumbai, May 30 Actress Vidya Balan today said she was to do a film with the acclaimed director Rituparno Ghosh who died in Kolkata.
Vidya Balan was to do a film with the director Rituparno Ghosh.
Pretty Please, an upscale children's boutique, is now open in Grand Boulevard at Sandestin.
An upscale children's boutique, is now open in Grand Boulevard at Sandestin.
The Senate has voted to spare plaintiffs' lawyers in medical malpractice cases from a cut in fees.
The Senate has voted to spare plaintiffs ' lawyers.
HMRC is increasingly cracking down on inheritance tax and actively targeting estates and beneficiaries, experts have warned.
HMRC is cracking down on inheritance tax.
A company has failed in its attempt to sue a blogger for copyright infringement for his use of a snippet of a newspaper article.
A company has failed in its attempt to sue a blogger.
Australian entertainer Rolf Harris has had his bail extended by British police in relation to his arrest on suspicion of sexual offences.
Rolf Harris has had his bail extended in relation to his arrest.
Sounds of South, the nationally honored advanced choir at Bloomington High School South, has selected 24 new singers for the 2009-2010 school year.
Sounds of South has selected 24 new singers.
Hundreds of thousands of people on Sunday fled New Orleans and surrounding coastal areas as Hurricane Gustav churned towards Louisiana's Gulf Coast, threatening residents with a new round of devastation only three years after Hurricane Katrina laid waste to this historic city.
Hundreds of thousands fled New Orleans.
A reporter took on a tough fiscal challenge when she tried to live on just £1 a day for a week.
She tried to live on just £ 1 a day.
The city's month-long school bus drivers strike may end as soon as tonight.
The city's school bus drivers strike may end soon as tonight.
Bafana Bafana defender Nasief Morris has revealed he will join La Liga side Racing Santander on a season-long loan.
Nasief Morris will join Racing Santander.
The ONE Group, the New York-based hospitality company, known for its high-energy dining venues, announces a partnership deal with the Palms Casino Resort in Las Vegas to open a sports-themed restaurant and lounge called ``Heraea''.
The ONE Group, announces a partnership deal with the Palms Casino Resort in Las Vegas.
Singer Justin Bieber has gifted his pet hamster to a fan that he adopted a few months ago.
Justin Bieber has gifted his pet hamster to a fan.
Iran has supplied a sophisticated radar system to Syria that can monitor Israeli air force sorties and threaten its ability to attack Iranian nuclear targets by surprise, the Wall Street Journal said on Thursday.
Iran has supplied a radar system to Syria.
Landlords could avoid up to £600 of tax by taking advantage of 'green' tax breaks when upgrading their properties, according to the National Landlords Association.
Landlords could avoid up by taking advantage of green tax breaks.
After long hiatus of eight years, Philips has re-entered the Indian mobile market with the launch of six dual-SIM handsets in 'Xenium' series.
Philips has re-entered the Indian market with the launch in Xenium series.
German consumers spent less on wine in 2010 than in the previous year.
German consumers spent less on wine.
Horses running loose on state Route 49 in Mercer County near the Ohio-Indiana state line early Sunday caused two car accidents, one fatal.
Horses running in Mercer County caused two accidents, one fatal.
Over 18, 000 people die from heart diseases per year in Kyrgyzstan and around 50 ñ daily.
Over 18, 000 people die from heart diseases in Kyrgyzstan.
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said Friday that closer ties with Europe were unavoidable, a day after his proposal for a free trade zone ``from Lisbon to Vladivostok'' met with a cool German response.
Vladimir Putin said closer ties with Europe were unavoidable.
Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani on Wednesday said there was no need to worry as political system in the country was stable in the presence of parliament, constitution, an independent judiciary, free media and a vibrant civil society.
There was no need to worry as political system.
A new TWA documentary that is coming out claims that TWA Flight 800 actually crashed from a missile.
A TWA documentary that is coming out claims TWA Flight 800 crashed from a missile.
US stocks posted modest losses after the open on Wednesday, a day after closing at the highest level in 28 months, as a string of downbeat corporate earnings results overshadowed better-than-expected US employment data.
US stocks posted modest losses after the open.
Mumbai, June 11 Rupee today edged up against dollar here in the morning trade due to mild selling of the US currency by banks and firming equity markets.
Rupee today edged against dollar in the morning trade.
Ryuichi Kiyonari closed the gap on title-race leader Tommy Hill with victory in the opening race MCE Insurance British Superbike Championship at Oulton Park.
Ryuichi Kiyonari closed the gap.
Ennis \u0026 Ennis PA announces the launch of a new website to assists users of Hydroxycut products due to the voluntary recall by the manufacturer, Lovate Health Sciences, Inc. This new Hydroxycut recall website will give consumers up-to-date news and legal developments related to the recall.
Ennis \u0026 Ennis PA announces the launch This new Hydroxycut recall website will give.
Kuwait will be looking to leapfrog idle Australia atop Group B when they travel to face Indonesia in Asian Cup qualifying on Wednesday.
Kuwait will be looking to leapfrog Australia.
'Christina's World' mastermind, realist painter Andrew Wyeth has died, leaving behind his masterpieces of the 20th century.
Christina's World mastermind, Andrew Wyeth has died.
Jahangir, who won 10 British Open titles and 6 world titles, received his honourary citizenship from the Mayor of Houston at a ceremony that was also attended by officials of the Pakistan embassy.
Jahangir received his honourary citizenship.
AP photo In this undated photo provided by NOAA, workers dismantle a 65-foot-long dock from the 2011 Japanese tsunami.
Photo, workers dismantle a dock from the 2011 tsunami.
The Crystal Cathedral was renamed Christ Cathedral and Father Christopher H. Smith was named as Episcopal Vicar at the Church.
The Crystal Cathedral was renamed Christ Cathedral was named.
Some Wahpeton high school students face disorderly conduct charges after a senior prank.
Some Wahpeton students face charges after a prank.
President Barack Obama says he welcomes Myanmar's decision to release democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi, calling her a ``hero of mine.''
Barack Obama welcomes Myanmar's decision to release Aung San Suu Kyi.
China said Tuesday it would not send any troops to Afghanistan -- rejecting recent speculation that Beijing might support the international coalition there.
China said it would not send any troops to Afghanistan.
A Honolulu woman is in custody after fleeing police and crashing into a car stopped at a red light.
A Honolulu woman is after fleeing police and crashing.
Texas regulators should triple peak wholesale power prices to avert blackouts later this decade when electricity demand is predicted to outstrip supply, according to a report today by Brattle Group Inc. The study, commissioned by the operator of Texas' main power grid, recommends that the state with the highest power- consumption adjust its free-market framework to encourage electricity producers to invest in new generation needed to keep pace with economic growth.
Texas regulators should triple wholesale prices to avert blackouts.
President Obama left the door open to a new tax on health care benefits Wednesday, and officials said top lawmakers and the White House were seeking $150 billion in concessions from the nation's hospitals as they sought support for legislation struggling to emerge in Congress.
Obama left the door open to a tax on health care benefits.
A Painted Post woman was hit and killed by a car Saturday night in Campbell.
A woman was hit and killed by a car.
Viscount Monckton of Brenchley, the outspoken UK politician, public speaker and climate change science expert has challenged Al Gore to a public debate on global warming while he is in Gibraltar.
Viscount Monckton has challenged Al Gore to a public debate while he is in Gibraltar.
Malaysia is seeking to leverage the $ 5.52 billion UAE food services market by highlighting their top-quality Halal food products to local quick service restaurants, said a Press release on Tuesday.
Malaysia is seeking to leverage the UAE food services market.
Recyclebank®, the company that rewards people for taking everyday green actions with discounts and deals from local and national businesses, today announced the acquisition of GreenYour, the go-to guide for green living.
Recyclebank ® today announced the acquisition of GreenYour.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez on Monday gave a speech in the People's Balcony of Miraflores Palace in Caracas, after he returned from Cuba, where he got a surgery to remover a cancer tumor.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez gave a speech, after he returned from Cuba.
In the first week of November we saw 30 year fixed rates at 4.0% but we are currently seeing Bank of America refinance mortgage rates for the 30 year fixed as high as 4.5% on December 2, 2010.
Bank of America refinance mortgage rates.
An inquest has heard how a County Durham soldier died in a drunken shooting incident while he was with three comrades in Iraq, one of them told mourners at his wake.
A County Durham soldier died in a drunken shooting incident.
Police are looking for a man suspected in two armed pharmacy robberies in south Everett.
Police are looking for a man suspected in two pharmacy robberies.
Sri Lanka overcame a shaky start to their small run chase before beating Australia by four wickets with a full 30 overs to spare on Friday, taking a 2-1 lead in the one-day series thanks chiefly to Nuwan Kulasekara's five-wicket haul.
Sri Lanka overcame before beating Australia by four wickets.
Youth organisations have been encouraged by the Home Office to apply for government funding for sports projects after a new report identified such schemes as effective tools preventing youngsters from getting involved with gang related crimes.
Youth organisations have been encouraged to apply for funding.
Tyler Perry is facing a copyright infringement lawsuit from a disgruntled songwriter after allegedly using a gospel track on his hit TV show Meet the Browns without permission.
Tyler Perry is facing a lawsuit.
The returning flow at Pasar Senen Station, Central Jakarta, is still quiet from homecoming travelers.
The returning flow at Pasar Senen Station is.
A SOUTHEAST Queensland roofing scam that left several elderly people thousands of dollars out of pocket has spread to Bundaberg.
A roofing scam has spread to Bundaberg.
If sources are to be believed then, Stones legend Mick Jagger has set up a new supergroup with Indian musician AR Rahman, Eurythmics star Dave Stewart, Damian Marley, and Joss Stone.
Mick Jagger has set up a new supergroup with Indian musician AR Rahman.
Manheim Township police charged three Lititz men with seven thefts from vehicles, police said on Thursday.
Police charged with seven thefts from vehicles.
Muammar Gaddafi is ready for a truce to stop the fighting in his country, visiting South African President Jacob Zuma said on Monday after meeting the Libyan ruler, but he listed familiar Gaddafi conditions that have scuttled previous ceasefire efforts.
Muammar Gaddafi is ready for a truce, said.
On the Dr. Oz Show he'll discuss keeping your sex life going in your 30's and beyond...
On the Dr. Oz Show he 'll discuss keeping your sex life going in.
Zambia has appointed a new deputy governor at the central bank but has yet to name a new governor, the bank's spokesman said on Wednesday.
Zambia has appointed a new deputy governor at the central bank.
Rather than politics, the colors on this map - red, blue, and yellow - represent what Americans call their soft drinks.
What Americans call their soft drinks.
A new £1.2million centre for young autism sufferers opened yesterday in Inverness, offering services including specialist training for their parents.
A centre for autism sufferers opened.
Kuwait telecoms firm Zain is in talks with three international telecommunications firms to sell its African operations, Kuwaiyt's Al-Rai newspaper reported citing Zain's CEO.
Zain is in talks to sell its African operations.
New visa waiver for South Koreans hopes to boost US economy and improve relations between the two nations, but may increase numbers of undocumented Koreans in America.
New visa waiver for South Koreans hopes to boost economy.
Midwest gas prices could begin falling as early as this weekend now that a Chicago-area oil pipeline is back in business.
Midwest gas prices could begin falling early as this weekend.
About 350 Kenosha public school teachers will get layoff notices because of the district's budget problems, but officials don't expect all of them will lose their jobs.
About 350 Kenosha teachers will get layoff notices.
Lindsay Lohan is dropping her famous last name, the actress' mom Dina Lohan confirmed to PopEater.
Lindsay Lohan is dropping her last name.
A private schools group has won a legal challenge over the Charity Commission's guidance on what schools must do to justify their charitable status.
A private schools group has won a legal challenge.
Union Minister of Science and Technology and Earth Sciences Kapil Sibal on Saturday said that modern biology holds the key to many challenges to prevent and cure diseases, arrest and contain environmental pollution, boost agricultural production, fight climate change, enhance industrial productivity.
Modern biology holds the key to many challenges.
TDFCU has selected Trusteer Rapport to meet the new FFIEC security guidelines for online banking security and protect its members from malware aimed at stealing funds and personal information.
TDFCU has selected Trusteer Rapport to meet the new FFIEC security guidelines for online banking security.
CBS has confirmed that they will bring back the crime drama ``NCIS'' for a ninth season next year.
CBS will bring back the drama NCIS for a ninth season.
Stone-throwing Haitian protesters demanding the annulment of elections held a week ago clashed on Sunday with riot police next to the damaged presidential palace in the capital, witnesses said.
Haitian protesters held clashed with police.
Skechers USA has signed American Idol winner David Cook to endorse the brand globally, hoping the new idol will super-charge the athletic shoe company's cool, hip brand image.
Skechers USA has signed American Idol winner David Cook.
Dell has redesigned Vostro laptop line for small businesses, introducing worldwide availability of the new 13.1-inch Vostro 1310 starting at Rs. 40,900 and the 15.4-inch Vostro 1510 starting at Rs. 37,900.
Dell has redesigned Vostro laptop line.
Kern County Sheriff's deputies have responded to a possible drive-by shooting at an apartment complex at 5501 Norris Road.
Kern County Sheriff's deputies have responded to a possible drive - by shooting.
A teenager was yesterday sentenced to 75 hours' community work for behaving in a disorderly manner at a party in the town this month.
A teenager was sentenced to 75 hours ' community work.
Massachusetts College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences announced today it has received a $450,000 grant from King Saud University in Saudi Arabia to assist KSU's College of Pharmacy in developing clinical practice faculty, implementing a Doctor of Pharmacy curriculum, creating post-graduate residency and fellowship programs and conducting research.
Massachusetts College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences announced it has received a $ 450,000 grant from King Saud University.
A five-year-old boy is recovering in hospital after a dog attack near Kilmore yesterday afternoon.
A boy is recovering after a dog attack.
Due to safety concerns regarding the deteriorating brickwork, falling debris, and questionable structural integrity, the Coast Guard has ordered that the Fort Gratiot Lighthouse be closed to all visitors until a full structural assessment and repairs are completed.
The Fort Gratiot Lighthouse be closed to all visitors.
Scientists have confirmed that metabolic syndrome, a constellation of conditions that increases the risk of heart disease and diabetes, may also increase the risk of the two most common types of liver cancer, according to data presented at the AACR 102nd Annual Meeting 2011, held here April 2-6.
Scientists have confirmed that metabolic syndrome may increase the risk of the two types of liver cancer.
Arizona is currently experiencing a major shift in demographics, which is especially tied to Latino education.
Arizona is experiencing a shift in demographics, which is tied to Latino education.
Bill White is scheduled to speak Thursday at the Marshall Convention Center, 2501 Southeast End Blvd.
Bill White is scheduled to speak.
The Senate reached a deal on saving the dwindling ``cash for clunkers'' program late Wednesday, agreeing to vote on a plan that would add $2 billion to the popular rebate program and give car shoppers until Labor Day to trade in their gas-guzzlers for a new ride.
The Senate reached a deal on saving the cash for clunkers.
Gold futures edged lower Wednesday as the dollar strengthened, curbing the metal's investment appeal.
Gold futures edged lower as the dollar strengthened.
Louisville guard Kevin Ware was released from an Indianapolis hospital Tuesday and is headed back to campus, two days after breaking his right leg during the Cardinals' Final Four-clinching victory.
Louisville guard Kevin Ware was released from an hospital.
Buzz is that Mankatha is a remake of the Hindi movie Jannat.
Mankatha is a remake.
Households share billions in tax compo Updated: 15:03, Thursday June 28, 2012 Households will receive more than half of the $7.7 billion the federal government expects to raise from its carbon tax in 2012/13 as compensation for cost-of-living increases.
Households share billions in tax compo.
At a press conference in Tokyo last week, Toyota unveiled a quartet of healthcare robots that will help paralyzed patients with walking, balance and transportation.
Toyota unveiled a quartet of healthcare robots.
Deputy Prime Minister and Commerce Minister Mingkwan Saengsuwan on Tuesday revealed the government is ready to support the gems and jewelry business, and that a forecast of exports of the products would exceed Bt220 billion this year.
The government is ready to support the gems and jewelry business.
Information Minister Walid Daouk vowed Tuesday to restore the rights of journalists, hoping in return that they would properly perform their duties toward society.
Walid Daouk vowed to restore the rights of journalists.
Michigan wants to make its outdoor recreation more accessible to people with disabilities.
Michigan wants to make its outdoor recreation more accessible.
Authorities have scaled back the search for a kayaker believed missing on the St. Joseph River north of South Bend after sonar equipment failed to find him.
Authorities have scaled back the search for a kayaker missing.
Although China's economic growth is slowing many commentators believe the big Asian economies can decouple from the US economy.
The Asian economies can decouple from the US economy.
Actor Charlie Sheen will plead guilty to a misdemeanor offense and reportedly serve 30 days in jail, according to a source close to the negotiations in the star's ongoing domestic violence case, the New York Post reported Tuesday.
Charlie Sheen will plead guilty and serve 30 days.
Search giant Google Inc has embarked on a hiring spree in China, despite its recent problems with the government that saw many top engineers and executives leaving the company.
Google Inc has embarked on a hiring spree.
Strong new car sales figures have continued, with registrations in May the highest for the month since 1990.
Strong new car sales figures have continued.
An Aiken County woman was bitten by an apparent rattlesnake Saturday morning and was recovering at Aiken Regional Medical Centers on Sunday.
An woman was bitten by an rattlesnake.
Brandon Inge will begin a rehabilitation assignment Monday with the Toledo Mud Hens.
Brandon Inge will begin a rehabilitation assignment Monday.
Norwegians began voting Monday in a general election that polls have shown Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg's coalition neck-and-neck with a splintered centre-right opposition.
Norwegians began voting in a general election.
Numerous Las Vegas hotels and casinos received bomb threat phone calls over the last several days.
Las Vegas hotels and casinos received bomb threat calls.
Twenty-five Chinese workers kidnapped in Egypt were freed today, a day after they were taken hostage by Bedouin tribesmen, the state-run Xinhua news agency said.
Twenty-five Chinese workers kidnapped in Egypt were freed.
Emirates, the Dubai-based international carrier and JetBlue Airways have announced the launch of an interline agreement that offers travellers seamless connections to cities across the United States via New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport.
Emirates, the carrier and JetBlue Airways have announced the launch of an interline agreement.
Volunteer lifeboat crew took to Dublin's Grafton Street to launch the RNLI's MAYDAY campaign in Ireland, which is proudly supported by John West.
Lifeboat crew took to launch the RNLI's MAYDAY campaign.
``Farah has magic in her hands to make her female actresses look extraordinarily different.
Farah has magic in her hands.
Butterflies abound beautifully Thursday afternoon in Parole at Claiborne Place.
Butterflies abound in Parole.
The emergency financial manager of the Detroit Public Schools is coming to testify at the state Capitol.
The financial manager is coming to testify at the Capitol.
THE Governor of Kano State, Ibrahim Shekarau, has said Nigeria has cause to thank God in spite of the cases at the election tribunals and turbulence here and there, because the nation has successfully conducted a civilian-to-civilian transition.
Nigeria has cause to thank God.
A new Russian passenger jet carrying 50 people has gone missing on a demonstration flight in Indonesia, after taking off from Jakarta.
A Russian passenger jet has gone missing on a flight in Indonesia.
Ferrochrome producer ENRC posted a strong set of half-year figures and said it expected higher commodity prices to hold despite the macroeconomic uncertainties.
ENRC posted a strong set of figures.
Openly gay Republican Fred Karger ended his bid for the White House on Friday with an announcement fitting of his often irreverent campaign.
Fred Karger ended his bid for the White House.
Former Prime Minister Tun Dr Mahathir Mohamad told a small and medium industries Congress here Wednesday that he has yet to receive any returns or dividend from his venture into the bakery and pastry business.
Tun Dr Mahathir Mohamad has yet to receive any returns into the bakery business.
The police have detained four alleged illegal loggers and named them suspects at the Sebulu police station in Kutai Kartanegara regency, East Kalimantan.
The police have detained four alleged illegal loggers.
Magglio Ordonez has made his retirement official, ending a stellar 15-season career with the Detroit Tigers and Chicago White Sox.
Magglio Ordonez has made his retirement official.
The region woke up to a blanket of snow after heavy falls during the night.
The region woke up to a blanket of snow.
Bemis Co., a Neenah-based supplier of food and consumer packaging materials and a major employer in Wisconsin's Fox River valley, on Thursday reported a drop in earnings and sales.
Bemis Co. reported a drop in earnings and sales.
Indian IT companies are looking to expand their 'near shore' delivery activities, opening their centers in Latin America.
Indian IT companies are looking to expand, opening in Latin America.
East Timor opened its first national park turning a remote former rebel stronghold into a conservation area of forests, mountains, pristine beaches and sea.
East Timor opened its first national park.
Hot Dog on a Stick, the iconic California chain, will open the company's first kiosk stand in a mall today at Westfield Fashion Square, Sherman Oaks, making the fun-loving, interactive dining experience and all-American hot dogs and cheese on a stick more accessible and convenient for guests in the San Fernando Valley.
Hot Dog on a Stick will open the company's first kiosk stand at Westfield Fashion Square.
CBS won Tuesday in viewers for the fourth consecutive week as the Network's three dramas-NCIS, THE MENTALIST and WITHOUT A TRACE-all won their time periods, according to preliminary Nielsen live plus same day ratings for Oct. 14.
CBS won Tuesday for the fourth consecutive week.
Milan prosecutors demand 6 years for Berlusconi Milan prosecutors on Monday demanded a prison sentence of six years and a lifetime ban from public office for former Premier Silvio Berlusconi in his sex-for-hire trial.
Prosecutors demand 6 years for Berlusconi Milan prosecutors demanded.
Several people were hurt when football supporters clashed Saturday in the Moscow underground where traffic had to be briefly stopped, Interfax news agency reported.
Football supporters clashed in the Moscow underground.
Official figures show that Japan, the world's second-largest economy, officially entered recession in the third quarter after shrinking another 0.1 percent as companies cut back on investment to offset the financial squeeze.
Japan entered recession.
A UPS cargo plane crashed in Dubai today, and the two crew members on board are believed to have been killed.
A UPS plane crashed in Dubai.
A Bakersfield woman gave birth to her baby in a toilet when she went to use the bathroom Friday morning.
A Bakersfield woman gave birth to her baby in a toilet.
Microsoft Corp. is considering opening a data center in Iowa that would offer high wages and require an investment of hundreds of millions of dollars, lawmakers say.
Microsoft Corp. is considering opening a data center in Iowa.
A woman was robbed outside a Boca Raton hotel Monday night, police said.
A woman was robbed outside a Boca Raton hotel.
A leading Chinese dissident writer will attend the Nobel ceremony in Norway, an activist group said Sunday, despite a crackdown on supporters of this year's jailed peace prize laureate Liu Xiaobo.
A Chinese dissident writer will attend the Nobel ceremony.
Sources state that National Award winning actress Priyamani will play Siamese twins in the Kannada flick Charulatha.
Priyamani will play Siamese twins.
The Baltimore Ravens will unveil their new offensive weapons in a Thursday night NFL odds picks game, as Anquan Boldin and Dante Stallworth make their purple debuts.
NFL odds picks.
Ultimate Software, a leading provider of unified human capital management SaaS solutions for global businesses, announced today that it will host a free, interactive human resources workshop on Wednesday, November 17, 2010 at the JW Marriott Desert Ridge in Scottsdale, AZ.
Ultimate Software will host a, interactive human resources workshop at the JW Marriott Desert Ridge in Scottsdale, AZ.
Who got fired on tonight's show?
Who got fired.
The police could have done more to ease the situation in Marikana during last year's unrest, the Farlam Commission of Inquiry heard on Friday.
The police could have done more.
Ambassador-at-Large for War Crimes Issues Stephen J. Rapp of the Office of Global Criminal Justice will travel to Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates May 18-19.
Ambassador-at-Large for Stephen J. Rapp will travel to Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates May.
A Crossville woman was killed in a traffic crash early this morning, according to the Tennessee Highway Patrol.
A Crossville woman was killed in a crash.
French Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova advanced to the second round of the Sydney International with a 6-2, 6-7, 7-5 victory over fellow Russian Alisa Kleybanova on Sunday.
Svetlana Kuznetsova advanced to the second round of the Sydney International.
The UK indexes pared losses of yesterday after better-than-estimated job data in the US The UK shop price inflation eased to a two-year low but permanent job placements rose in February.
The UK shop price inflation eased.
Taiwan Sunday dispatched four coastguard and naval vessels to beef up patrols in waters near the Philippines following public outrage over the shooting of a Taiwanese fisherman by Filipino coastguards.
Taiwan Sunday dispatched to beef up patrols in waters near the Philippines.
Samajwadi Party leader Amar Singh on Friday claimed that Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Mayawati had sent offers to him to join the BSP.
Mayawati had sent offers to join the BSP.
The Adelaide Convention Centre has won two more prestigious national awards at the Meetings and Events Industry Awards held in Adelaide last night.
The Adelaide Convention Centre has won two national awards.
Italy scraped through a key bond auction test today at the end of a disastrous year for the euro zone.
Italy scraped through a key bond auction test.
The release of convicted Lockerbie bomber Abdel Basset al-Megrahi has sparked calls for a boycott of Scotland by some Americans angry that he was allowed to go home to Libya to a hero's welcome.
The release has sparked calls for a boycott of Scotland.
Diether Haenicke, 73, died Sunday in Bronson Methodist Hospital of complications from a head injury he suffered in December.
Diether Haenicke died from a injury he suffered.
England manager Fabio Capello says he can understand why Rio Ferdinand may be upset at losing the captaincy to John Terry, but insists that it was a decision he needed to make.
England manager Fabio Capello says he can understand why Rio Ferdinand may be upset.
VirtualLogger has released a new post-call customer survey system that eliminates most of the steps required for installation, while still obtaining all of the information a call center needs.
VirtualLogger has released a new survey system.
A Saint Louis Circuit Judge rules against the Saint Louis Police Department in a case dating back to the 2006 World Series ticket scandal.
A Circuit Judge rules against the Saint Louis Police Department.
A lawsuit against the ``no fly'' list that is used by the Transportation Security Administration to stop suspected terrorists from boarding airplanes should be allowed to proceed, an appeals court in Oregon.
A lawsuit against the no fly list should be allowed to proceed.
The BuzzFeed website asked readers Monday whether they would sleep with first lady Michelle Obama.
The BuzzFeed website asked readers they would sleep with Michelle Obama.
Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley has signed into law a bill that bans abortions from being performed at 20 weeks or later into a pregnancy.
Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley has signed a bill that bans abortions from being performed at 20 weeks.
The latest report from the state Health Department has 87 confirmed flu cases in North Dakota.
The report has 87 confirmed flu cases in North Dakota.
Kenny Chesney took top honors at the CMAs this week as he took home entertainer of the year.
Kenny Chesney took top honors at the CMAs.
Amidst an avalanche of digital manifestos, Ian Bogost's How to Do Things with Video Games aims to be something very different.
Ian Bogost's How to Do Things with Video Games aims.
Home prices inched up 0.6% compared to February 2009 according to the S\u0026P/Case-Shiller 20-city index, with nine of the 20 cities showing gains.
Home prices inched up.
LIPA trustees renew power plant contract Despite opposition from environmentalists, Long Island Power Authority trustees voted to approve a new 15-year-old contract for dozens of National Grid power generators.
LIPA trustees renew power plant contract.
A North Korean patrol vessel is suspected of firing on a Chinese fishing boat plying the waters off Korea's west coast, wounding the ship's captain, the South Korean coast guard said Monday.
A North Korean patrol vessel is suspected of firing on a Chinese fishing boat the South Korean guard said.
The labour market remains stable when a total of 249,471 jobs are expected to be generated by all sectors in the economy this year, according to the 2012/2013 Economic Report released today.
The labour market remains stable.
Luis Suárez has confirmed that he wants to leave Liverpool this summer -- but the Anfield club insist the striker is ``not for sale''.
Luis Suárez has confirmed he wants to leave Liverpool this summer.
12/7/2009-New York Community Bancorp announced Monday that it will offer 60 million shares of its common stock.
New York Community Bancorp will offer 60 million shares.
Pakistan decided to resume Nato supply routes without any financial incentives as these Ground Lines of Communication were stopped in national interest and resumption was in line with national sovereignty.
Pakistan decided to resume Nato supply routes without any incentives.
A Middlesex County man has been diagnosed with West Nile Virus, the state department of public health announced today.
A Middlesex County man has been diagnosed with West Nile Virus.
Matthew Morrison will sing an original song from his debut album in the 'Glee' season 2 finale.
Matthew Morrison will sing an original song in the Glee season 2 finale.
On May 27, 2010, Astronergy announced that Munich Re, one of the world's leading reinsurance companies, will be covering Astronergy's crystalline silicon and thin film PV modules, a guarantee that holds PV panels to high performance standards for the power output warranty period.
Astronergy announced Munich Re will be covering Astronergy's crystalline silicon and thin film PV modules.
In a first of its kind incident, a senior RAW officer was arrested by CBI for allegedly taking a bribe of Rs one lakh from a Chennai-based manufacturer.
A RAW officer was arrested by CBI for taking a bribe.
Musa said that what was important was for him, as the State BN Chairman, to ensure that the BN win back the seat.
The BN win the seat.
Multiple wrecks snarled traffic along Interstate 10 this morning, but no injuries have been reported so far.
Wrecks snarled traffic along Interstate 10.
The criminal justice system must bite so that criminals can find no place to hide, ANC president Jacob Zuma said on Saturday.
The justice system must bite, Jacob Zuma said.
Kentucky State Police say a tractor-trailer has plunged into a creek in eastern Kentucky.
A tractor-trailer has plunged into a creek in eastern Kentucky.
Anti-gay Christians love to quote John 8:32, which says that ``the truth will make you free.''
The truth will make you free.
USD/JPY as of Monday has once again respected the strong accelerated downtrend represented by the key downtrend resistance line extending from the early June high.
USD / JPY has respected the downtrend.
PwC announced that it has completed its acquisition of global management consulting firm PRTM.
PwC has completed its acquisition of firm PRTM.
The Raiders targeted DJ Hayden from the start and would have taken the Houston cornerback at No. 3 in the NFL draft had the right trade offer not been presented to Oakland.
The Raiders targeted DJ Hayden from the start.
Billionaire investor Ron Burkle on Thursday launched a proxy battle at Barnes \u0026 Noble Inc, after talks over the future of the largest US book-selling chain collapsed and a poison pill to prevent him from taking over was upheld in court.
Ron Burkle launched a proxy battle.
UK manufacturing activity weakened sharply last month, a survey showed on Tuesday, suggesting that exporters' gain from a weaker pound has been more than offset by slower domestic demand and intense cost inflation.
UK manufacturing activity weakened sharply.
Libyan leader Moamer Gaddafi slammed US Democratic presidential candidate Barak Obama for his support of Israel and described him as ``ignorant of international politics,'' media reports said Thursday.
Moamer Gaddafi slammed Barak Obama.
The Indiana Senate has approved a constitutional amendment to cap property taxes.
The Indiana Senate has approved a constitutional amendment.
A UFO expert has claimed aliens have hijacked a NASA spacecraft and are using it to try to contact Earth.
Aliens have hijacked a NASA spacecraft.
On February 3, Brooklyn Borough President Marty Markowitz announced at his annual State of the Borough Address that Tina Chang of Park Slope has been named the new poet laureate of Brooklyn.
Tina Chang has been named the poet laureate of Brooklyn.
Like many smartphones before it, the Droid has been rooted so that owners of the Android 2.0-based smartphone can install multitouch support, enhanced themes, and other previously forbidden goodies.
The Droid has been rooted.
Gasoline prices extended their record run at the pump Thursday, but took a breather in futures trading as investors collected profits from the previous session's huge advance.
Gasoline prices extended their record run at the pump.
The new health minister will be taken to court over dispensing fees for doctors and other non-pharmacist dispensers, the National Convention on Dispensing said on Monday.
The health minister will be taken to court.
MIDFIELDER Justin Cochrane has left Yeovil Town after manager Russell Slade decided against renewing his contract with the club.
Justin Cochrane has left Yeovil Town.
India fast bowler Ishant Sharma has been fined 15 per cent of his match fee for breaching the ICC Code of Conduct during the third day's play in the fourth and final Test against Australia in Delhi on Sunday.
Ishant Sharma has been fined for breaching the ICC Code of Conduct.
A newly elected barangay captain was shot dead by an unidentified gunman on Friday while riding a motorcycle with his wife and child in Ilocos Sur, a radio report said.
A newly elected barangay captain was shot dead while riding in Ilocos Sur, a report said.
Today's Water Cooler lineup of off the beaten path online stories are: ``African-Americans For Harry Reid'' Facebook page lists 5 fans... 4 are white, Senate health care bill gives $7 billion to health centers--could fund abortions, and White House gets 'A' for openness.
Today's lineup of off the beaten path online stories are : African-Americans For Harry Reid Facebook page lists 5 fans... 4 are white.
Marijuana worth more than $2 million was seized Thursday after police raided two Niagara Falls homes.
Marijuana worth more than $ 2 million was seized.
Bangladesh has been ranked 88th among the ``best'' 100 countries in the world by the Newsweek, an international newsmagazine, which undertook the rather interesting survey.
Bangladesh has been ranked 88th.
LinkedIn is opening up full access to its new platform, a thousand developers, serving over one billion page views across the web later.
LinkedIn is opening up.
Two directors connected with Canwest, Leonard Asper and Thomas Strike, have resigned from Ten's board, effective immediately, Ten said in a statement on Friday.
Two directors have resigned from Ten's board Ten said.
Peers are to be banned from taking money from lobbying firms to ask questions in Parliament, under new rules announced yesterday.
Peers are to be banned from taking money from lobbying firms.
Today, Midway launched the full official website for TNA iMPACT! the video game.
Midway launched the full website for TNA iMPACT.
By a nearly 8-to-1 margin, Chicago firefighters and paramedics voted Wednesday to ratify a new contract that gives them a 10 percent pay raise over five years in exchange for manpower changes that will help the city reduce overtime costs.
Firefighters voted to ratify a new contract.
When he threw the pass that won the Super Bowl, Ben Roethlisberger thought he'd just blown the game for the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Ben Roethlisberger thought he 'd blown.
Volunteer divers have been retrieving fishing equipment and household goods that were washed away into the sea here by the tsunami triggered by the March 11 earthquake in an attempt to clean up the area for fishing boats.
Volunteer divers have been retrieving fishing equipment and household goods that were washed away by the tsunami.
The British High Commission in Accra, Ghana today April 10, 2013 opened a book of condolence for the former British Prime Minister, Margaret Thatcher who died April 8, 2013 at the age of 87.
The British High Commission, Ghana opened a book of condolence for the Minister, Margaret Thatcher.
Fargo Police are investigating an armed robbery that happened at a Christian retail store last night.
Police are investigating an armed robbery that happened at a Christian retail store.
A teenage girl was killed after being hit by a car while crossing a road, police said today.
A teenage girl was killed after being hit by a car.
Word now is Liam Neeson will replace Mel Gibson as a Bangkok tattoo artist in The Hangover 2.
Liam Neeson will replace Mel Gibson in The Hangover 2.
In January 2012, he's launching his own site, JimRomenesko.com, and will ``semi-retire'' from Poynter, the Huffington Post reported today.
He's launching and will semi-retire from Poynter.
Authorities say a Kalamazoo woman lost part of her leg in a boating accident on a southwestern Michigan lake.
A woman lost part of her leg in a boating accident.
Kuban Krasnodar striker, Lacina Traore, has compared himself with CSKA Moscow striker, Seydou Doumbia, after scoring a brace in the latest Russian Premier League encounter against arch rivals, FC Krasnodar.
Kuban Krasnodar striker, Lacina Traore, has compared himself with CSKA Moscow striker, Seydou Doumbia.
Mold was discovered in three Willingboro schools including the high school, where several rooms are affected.
Mold was discovered in three Willingboro schools.
It appears a serial bandit has struck again in Bucks County.
A serial bandit has struck again.
Vietnamese government on Tuesday released a white paper on national defense, providing updated information on the country's military forces and illustrating Vietnam's national defense policy.
Vietnamese government released a white paper on national defense.
Georgia coach Andy Landers won his 800th career game when the Bulldogs routed Savannah State 74-28 on Thursday night.
Georgia coach Andy Landers won his 800th career game.
Music channel MTV said Thursday it has launched a Middle East website to allow viewers to request music videos, vote for artists and watch live performances.
MTV said it has launched a Middle East website.
Pakistan should learn some lessons from India, where the army chief appeared before parliament's Public Accounts Committee in connection with functioning of canteens, Leader of Opposition Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan has said.
Pakistan should learn some lessons from India.
Matt Wells going to utah state to coach quarterbacks.
Matt Wells going to utah state.
Actress Michelle Williams, age 31, two-times Oscar nominee for having played in the romantic drama ``Brokeback Mountain'' and in ``Blue Valentine``, says to journalists from The Sun that she feels lucky to have survived Hollywood. She is thankful for having kept her sanity and not going on the wrong tracks like many other young movie stars who just couldn't take in their early success.
Michelle Williams feels lucky to have survived Hollywood.
The number of mortgages approved has more than doubled during the past year as the property market continues to recover, figures showed today.A total of 60,518 loans for people buying a new home were in the pipeline during November, the highest level since March 2008 and more than double the record low of 27,162 seen in November of that year.Net lending, which strips out redemptions and repayments, also increased for the third month in a row to stand at £1.46billion, a level last seen in February, according to the Bank of England.Britain's beleaguered factory bosses were also given a lift today after a survey reported the sector's best month for two years during December.The Chartered Institute of Purchasing \u0026 Supply's headline activity index - where a score over 50 registers growth - reached 54.1, up from 51.8 in November and much better than the 52 forecast by City economists.The average reading for the fourth quarter of 2009 was also the highest since the end of 2007, fuelling hopes that the UK exited recession in the period.The improvement in mortgage lending has been driven by increased activity on the housing front, as recent price rises tempt both buyers and sellers back to the market.Hetal Mehta, senior economic adviser to the Ernst \u0026 Young ITEM Club, said: 'An acceleration in mortgage approvals and higher mortgage lending bodes well for housing market prospects, but it is unlikely to be sufficient to sustain the rapid price increases seen over the second half of 2009.
The number of mortgages has doubled during the year as the property market continues to recover.
Millionaire adventurer Steve Fossett was killed instantly when his plane smashed into a mountain on a cloudy day, police have said.
Steve Fossett was killed instantly.
Kazakh government increased subsidies for grain exports to China to USD 40 per 1 tonne, this was announced by national railway carrier Kazakhstan Temir Zholy.
Kazakh government increased subsidies for grain exports.
Little ones showcased skills, etiquette and cultural skills during a programme organized to mark the closing ceremony of a fortnight-long summer camp and workshops organized by Hallmark School of Education at Sector 15 here.
Little ones showcased skills.
The Department of Energy and Environmental Protection and Connecticut Sea Grant confirmed yesterday that a juvenile Chinese mitten crab has been found in Connecticut waters.
A Chinese mitten crab has been found in Connecticut waters.
Cancana Resources Corp. has closed a non-brokered private placement of Units and is announcing the appointment of Andrew Male as President of the Company.
Cancana Resources Corp. has closed a private placement and is announcing the appointment as President.
Enfocus announces a technology partnership with GamSys, a developer of MIS solutions for the printing, packaging and publishing industries.
Enfocus announces a technology partnership with GamSys.
The United States said Thursday for the first time that Syria had likely used chemical weapons against rebel forces, but emphasized spy agencies were still not 100 percent sure of the assessment.
The United States said Syria had likely used chemical weapons.
Hyderabad, Dec 11 Telugu Desam Party president N Chandrababu Naidu has appealed to the people of Andhra Pradesh to maintain peace and not resort to vandalism in protest against the Congress' decision to initiate the process for creation of Telangana state.
N Chandrababu Naidu has appealed to maintain peace.
Diyawadana Nilame Pradeep Nilanga Dela Bandara said yesterday that the Kandy Esala Perahera of the Sri Dalada Maligawa which will take place next month will be special this year as there will be new dance routines, newly designed costumes and a large number of visitors at the event.
The Kandy Esala Perahera will be special this year.
A man suffered a significant injury when he was struck in the head by an unknown attacker in the South of Market area Monday, police said.
A man was struck in the head by an unknown attacker.
Chelsea midfielder Michael Ballack has agreed a one-year contract extension which will keep him at the club until the end of next season.
Michael Ballack has agreed a contract extension.
A new report into the state of the environment in Lebanon, produced by the Environment Ministry, the UN Development Program and the consultancy Ecodit, paints a stark portrait of the country's green credentials.
A report, paints a stark portrait of the country's green credentials.
Actress America Ferrera has won the best TV actress award for her role in 'Ugly Betty' at the annual Imagen Awards held in Beverly Hills, California.
America Ferrera has won the best actress award for her role in Ugly Betty.
Mortgage lender Halifax has said the average stamp duty bill for first-time house buyers has nearly doubled to an average of £1,751 in only 5 years.
The stamp duty bill has doubled to an average in only 5 years.
Google to offer free virtual tours Updated: 13:49, Sunday April 8, 2012 Google has adapted its Street View technology to map galleries and museums around the world so people can take free virtual tours online.
Google to offer free virtual tours.
A Turkish company has signed a partnership agreement with a Saudi company to establish a joint venture.
A Turkish company has signed a partnership agreement with a Saudi company.
Jet Airways has announced that it will start daily flights from Dubai to Mumbai and New Delhi starting on August 23rd.
Jet Airways will start daily flights from Dubai to Mumbai and New Delhi.
POLICE in Coleraine are appealing for information regarding an assault at a bar in the area of Bridge Street, Cushendall, on Saturday 18 February.
POLICE are appealing for information.
France may send special forces back to Afghanistan to bolster its presence there, even after 10 soldiers were killed last week, Defence Minister Herve Morin said in an interview published Tuesday.
France may send special forces back to Afghanistan.
Some protesters arrested Saturday by Rochester police during a march in the city say they were unfairly targeted.
Some protesters arrested Saturday say they were unfairly targeted.
Britain's Olympians and Paralympians are to get their own honours list, rather than simply being included in the New Year's Honours.
Britain's Olympians and Paralympians are to get their own honours list.
House prices have fallen by 2.1% over the past year, according to the Land Registry's latest flagship House Price Index.
Prices have fallen by 2.1% over the past year.
Former Georgia coach Jim Donnan faces Ponzi scheme charges.
Coach Jim Donnan faces charges.
I AM the parent that this article refers to \u0026 wish to point out that in no way do I defend my daughter's failure to comply with instruction from Ms Gormley, but feel that the punishment must fit the crime.
The punishment must fit the crime.
Director of Tourism, John Lynch, has announced that airlift to Jamaica is to be increased by approximately 70,000 seats this winter season.
Airlift to Jamaica is to be increased by approximately 70,000 seats.
Caterpillar Inc., the largest construction and mining equipment maker, said the business cycle is in the early stages of a recovery and that the company expects to see a ``tailwind'' from US and European demand.
Caterpillar Inc. said the business cycle is in the early stages of a recovery.
Ghana has cut fuel subsidies following an increase in crude oil prices and the depreciation of the Ghana cedi currency, the head of Ghana's National Petroleum Authority said in a statement yesterday.
Ghana has cut fuel subsidies.
Police have arrested four suspects aged 16 to 19 years for committing housebreaking at Serangoon North Ave 4.
Police have arrested four suspects for committing housebreaking.
THE eurozone debt crisis is not yet over, even if calm appears to have returned to the financial markets, the Bundesbank warned on Tuesday as it set aside billions of euros in new risk provisions.
THE crisis is not over the Bundesbank warned.
Rain robbed Australia of certain victory in their pre-Test series warm-up match against a Jamaica XI on Sunday.
Rain robbed Australia of victory.
London, Nov 13: 'It was in the sale' is the top excuse used by women to justify shopping sprees, says a new study.
London : It was in the sale is the top excuse used by women to justify shopping sprees.
A longtime Burr Ridge trustee was appointed interim mayor on Monday after the resignation of Mayor Gary Grasso.
A Burr Ridge trustee was appointed interim mayor.
A 27-year-old valley woman says she escaped with her life after being held captive and repeatedly assaulted for four days by her ex-boyfriend.
A woman says she escaped after being held captive.
2013-05-23T09:04:00Z 2013-05-23T09:10:01Z Iowans divided on another term for BranstadJAMES Q. LYNCH Des Moines Bureau Mason City Globe Gazette Nearly half of Iowa voters give Gov. Terry Branstad a positive job approval rating, but a poll released this morning suggests they think he has been in office long enough.
Iowans divided on another term Nearly half give Terry Branstad.
There is no doubt about the fact that Britain needs to tackle deep-seated social issues following riots and looting in English cities this week.
Britain needs to tackle social issues.
The Pirates signed free-agent left-handed reliever Javier Lopez to a one-year contract.
The Pirates signed left-handed reliever Javier Lopez.
How the video games industry is faring Companies in the video games industry have begun releasing earnings reports for the latest quarter.
How the video games industry is faring.
A 29-year-old Lorain man was arrested for driving under the influence and losing control early Saturday morning on 5075 Pearl Ave,, according to a police report.
A Lorain man was arrested for driving under the influence.
World oil prices stayed above USD 100 a barrel in Asian trade today on fears the escalating turmoil in Egypt will disrupt supply flows through the strategic Suez Canal.
Oil prices stayed above USD 100 a barrel in Asian trade.
David Braley rejects claims he was working behind the scenes to force a city council decision approving the east Mountain stadium site.
David Braley was working behind the scenes.
Markets bounced back in the positive terrain.
Markets bounced back.
Knockdrinna Farm Shop \u0026 Café is celebrating its first successful year of business in Stoneyford on July 4 with an open day and fund raiser in conjunction with Scoil Chiarain Naofa's Parents Association next Sunday.
Knockdrinna Farm Shop \u0026 Café is celebrating its first year of business.
A crew works on one of four megaloads bound for a Billings, Mont., oil refinery at the Port of Lewiston Monday morning.
A crew works on one of four megaloads.
A south suburban village official has been charged with drug possession following a raid at his home Thursday.
A suburban village official has been charged with drug possession.
Denver quarterback Peyton Manning called some hospital victims of the Colorado theater shooting to lift their spirits.
Peyton Manning called some victims.
Cameron Diaz says she loves working on sequels because it helps her know the characters better.
Cameron Diaz says she loves working on sequels.
LONDON Britain's military says a UK soldier has been shot dead by insurgents in southern Afghanistan.
A UK soldier has been shot dead in southern Afghanistan.
The Hockey India election scheduled for February 7 and which has already generated a lot of controversies was on Saturday deferred yet again because of a stay order from the Rajasthan High Court.
The Hockey India election was on deferred.
An Argentinian dog has sat by his master's grave at 6pm every day for the past six years.
An dog has sat by his master's grave for the six years.
Bristol Airport has encouraged its inbound passengers to make use of new facial recognition gates, which have been installed to strengthen border security and increase efficiency at arrivals points.
Bristol Airport has encouraged to make use of facial recognition gates.
Shares of ON Semiconductor hit a 52-week low on Tuesday.
Shares of ON Semiconductor hit a low.
The US special envoy to the Middle East is meeting senior Israeli officials in an attempt to kickstart the stalled Israeli-Palestinian peace process.
The US envoy is meeting Israeli officials.
Portable photo scanners can digitize old photographs in seconds and save them to memory cards or directly onto a computer.
Photo scanners can digitize old photographs in seconds.
HIGHLANDERS and Black Rhinos will renew yesteryear rivalry when the two sides lock horns for the first time in three years in a Castle Lager Premier Soccer League at Barbourfields Stadium on Sunday.
HIGHLANDERS and Black Rhinos will renew rivalry.
Wells Fargo refinance mortgage rates are getting very close to historic lows as we are currently sitting on the 2011 low.
Wells Fargo refinance mortgage rates are getting.
Italian giants Juventus have contacted Zenit St Petersburg coach Luciano Spalletti in case their move for Liverpool manager Rafa Benitez falls through.
Giants Juventus have contacted Luciano Spalletti in case their move for Liverpool manager Rafa Benitez falls.
Prince Harry and his comrades from Afghanistan have received campaign medals for their service in Afghanistan today.
Prince Harry have received campaign medals.
NEW England Patriots cornerback Alfonzo Dennard faces up to six years in prison after he was found guilty on Wednesday of assaulting a police officer and resisting arrest last year, court officials said.
NEW England Patriots cornerback Alfonzo Dennard faces after he was found guilty of assaulting a police officer.
The London stock market closed higher on Tuesday with the leading share index FTSE 100 up 78.12 points, or 1.45 percent, at 5,484.06 points.
The London stock market closed higher.
Russia called Monday for a new European-Atlantic security treaty that it said would restore strategic parity.
Russia called for a new security treaty.
Panthers selected Penn State LB Dan Connor with the No. 74 overall pick in the draft.
Panthers selected Dan Connor.
An Albany-area man is facing assault charges after he allegedly rammed a police car, forcing two sheriff's deputies to open fire on his pickup truck.
An man is facing charges after he rammed a police car.
Firefighters have worked through the night to control a wildfire that burned 130 acres in the eastern Maine town of Robbinston.
Firefighters have worked to control a wildfire.
Veteran Josh Ross eased into the 100m semi-finals at the Australian athletics championships.
Veteran Josh Ross eased into the 100m semi-finals.
'My stomach's bigger than it was,' she tells Now's Dan Wootton, before adding with a smile: 'But I have had four kids since then after all.
My stomach, she tells's Dan Wootton.
ASSOCIATED PRESS Washington Redskins running back Larry Johnson, foreground, scores a touchdown as New York Jets' Jason Taylor and teammate Kenwin Cummings look on during the fourth quarter of an NFL preseason football game at New Meadowlands Stadium in East Rutherford, NJ, Friday, Aug. 27, 2010.
Washington Redskins running back Larry Johnson.
A quarry firm has been fined $30,000 after a worker was hit on the head by a rock the size of a cricket ball.
A quarry firm has been fined after a worker was hit on the head by a rock.
Protests erupted Saturday in the Turkish town of Reyhanli near the border with Syria after twin car bombs killed at least 42 people there, local media reported.
Protests erupted in the Turkish town near the border.
Average house prices in England and Wales remained flat in May, showing no monthly change at £183,266, according to the latest figures from Land Registry.
House prices remained flat in May.
India has received the first consignment of uranium fuel from Russia for unit-1 of 1000 MW Kudankulam Nuclear power project, an NPCIL spokesperson said today.
India has received the first consignment of uranium fuel from Russia.
Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure is confident that City can win the Premier League title this season, as he expects the team to be in a favourable position when he returns from the Cup of Nations.
Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure is confident City can win the Premier League title.
Actress Uma Thurman has broken off her engagement to French multi-millionaire Arpa 'Arki' Busson.
Uma Thurman has broken off her engagement.
Republican incumbent US Sen. John Cornyn has defeated Democratic challenger Rick Noriega in the Texas Senate race.
John Cornyn has defeated Rick Noriega in the Texas Senate race.
FORMER Rangers manager Walter Smith is to receive an honorary degree today by Glasgow Caledonian in recognition of his achievements in Scottish football.
Manager Walter Smith is to receive an honorary degree.
Brian Schmitz, the Orlando Magic beat writer for the Orlando Sentinel, has a new piece on his blog describing how the Magic feel about facing Detroit in the first-round of the upcoming NBA playoffs.
The Magic feel about facing Detroit.
Asian stocks have rebounded Wednesday after two days of losses.
Asian stocks have rebounded.
Protecode announced that they have joined the Eclipse Foundation, a not-for-profit, open source community, whose projects are focused on building an open development platform that helps cultivate both an open source community and an ecosystem of complementary products and services.
Protecode have joined the Eclipse Foundation.
1333 BC-Mortgage Mess-Rescue,0225 Lenders offer broader mortgage plan, extends to borrowers of all loans, not just subprime Eds:
1333 BC-Mortgage Mess-Rescue, 0225 Lenders offer broader mortgage plan, extends to borrowers.
US President Barack Obama vowed on Tuesday to ``finish the job'' of an unpopular and costly eight-year war in Afghanistan, and officials said he could announce an increase of around 30,000 troops next week.
Barack Obama vowed to finish the job of an war in Afghanistan.
Virgin Media is set to roll out free public Wi-Fi networks in Bradford and Leeds as part of the government's super-connected city initiative.
Virgin Media is set to roll out free Wi-Fi networks in Bradford and Leeds.
AIB will meet with all Galway customers in mortgage arrears by this summer, according to CEO David Duffy.
AIB will meet with all Galway customers in arrears.
More than 300 municipal employees from various departments converged at the city council's head office yesterday afternoon, carrying placards reading ``Enough is enough''; ``We are tired of being treated like baboons'' and ``A rich city writing off N$13 million?''
Enough is enough.
Japanese exports fell 4.5 per cent in November from a year earlier, expanding the trade deficit to Y684.73 billion, the government says.
Japanese exports fell 4.5 cent in November.
Police confirmed Saturday evening that a man was found dead inside a house on State Street where UK students lived.
A man was found dead inside a house on State Street.
The Louisiana Department of Revenue now mandates state income tax filing extension requests be submitted electronically, beginning with returns due in 2013.
Income tax extension requests be submitted electronically.
Chinese telecommunications equipment giant Huawei Technologies Co. will create an Australian board of directors this year, its first board outside China, to steer its business in Australia, the company said in a statement Monday.
Huawei Technologies Co. will create an Australian board of directors.
Local.com this morning said it acquired the assets of Los Angeles-based Octane360, a start-up that provides ad solutions to small businesses and other customers, for $5 million in cash.
Local.com acquired the assets of Octane360.
Former Australia international Justin Harrison has retired from professional rugby with immediate effect after leaving Bath.
Justin Harrison has retired from rugby.
``From whatever I can piece together the information from the information given by the villagers and assuming it to be true, I am afraid the news is grim and sad,'' Chidambaram told reporters in New Delhi.
The news is grim and sad.
A Danville man, already charged with the malicious wounding of a teenager, is now charged with the murder of a woman.
A Danville man is charged with the murder.
The WFU, which is a voluntary organisation with the primary aim of linking producer and consumer, says it wants to launch a London chapter in February 2010.
The WFU wants to launch a London chapter.
Transhumansim needs a quick introduction, or ``elevator pitch'' in case we need to explain ourselves to the uninitiated.
Transhumansim needs a quick introduction, or elevator pitch.
Pune Warriors all-rounder Marlon Samuels has been reported for a suspect action by the on-field and TV umpires after his team's victory against Chennai Super Kings on Saturday evening.
Marlon Samuels has been reported for a suspect action.
The US sent Taiwan four ballistic missile detonators instead of helicopter batteries by mistake in 2005 which have since been recovered, the Pentagon said Tuesday announcing an inquiry.
The US sent Taiwan four missile detonators by mistake.
The 13th Olympic Congress concluded here on Monday with a harvest of 66 recommendations for the century-old modern Olympic Games, among which the proposals about athletes and youth were put into the highest rank.
The Olympic Congress concluded with a harvest of 66 recommendations.
ITV is to cut more jobs, this time at their ITV Signpost division which is housed at the ITV Tyne Tees studios near Newcastle.
ITV is to cut more jobs.
NiSource Inc. has been named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for North America in recognition of the company's sustainable business practices and performance.
NiSource Inc. has been named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index.
Iran expected Russia to honour its commitments to complete Bushehr nuclear power plant in southern Iran based on the previously agreed timetable, IAEO deputy chief said on Saturday.
Iran expected Russia to honour its commitments to complete Bushehr plant.
The 45km stretch of road from Tapah to Cameron Highlands will be widened to allow for smoother traffic flow.
The stretch of road to Cameron Highlands will be widened.
Monday is Columbus Day, observed as a public holiday in most states, including New York.
Monday is Columbus Day, observed as a holiday.
US President Barack Obama called Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Thursday to offer condolences for a bombing in Jerusalem that killed a British woman and injured at least 34 people, including six US citizens, the White House said.
Barack Obama called Benjamin Netanyahu to offer condolences for a bombing in Jerusalem.
MIAMI, Fla. ― A student has reportedly died after collapsing at a South Florida high school.
MIAMI ― A student has died after collapsing at a high school.
Police in Bulawayo are barring council workers from disconnecting water from stations, sparking an outcry from the city fathers.
Police are barring council workers from disconnecting water.
A man was pulled from a retention pond on the northwest side late Sunday night.
A man was pulled from a retention pond.
The legendary Prince has just announced an upcoming US tour which is set to kick off in December!
The Prince has announced an US tour.
The third British soldier in one week has been killed in action in southern Afghanistan.
The British soldier has been killed.
Employee contributions to funded pension schemes surpassed the rate of employer contributions last year for the first time in the past six years.
Employee contributions to pension schemes surpassed the rate of employer contributions.
Wednesday, ArcelorMittal said that it is closing down its production activities at its Lachine facility in Montreal, due to falling demand for wire in North America and the rise of the Canadian dollar against the US dollar.
ArcelorMittal is closing down at its Lachine facility.
A Maui man charged with sex assault has been arrested on a New Mexico reservation.
A Maui man has been arrested on a New Mexico reservation.
The weekly series ``If Walls Could Talk'' is coming to Louisiana and parts of Texas and Arkansas within a two-hour radius of Shreveport to film homes with intriguing pasts and unusual stories.
The series If Walls Could Talk is coming to Louisiana.
German auto company Karmann, which made the classic VW Karmann Ghia two-seater from the 1950s to the 1970s and also has built convertibles for Audi and Chrysler, filed for bankruptcy protection Wednesday, blaming the sharp decline in demand for cars for its predicament.
German auto company Karmann filed for bankruptcy protection.
The Spanish King, Juan Carlos 1, has called for an immediate cease fire to hostilities in Gaza.
The King, Juan Carlos 1, has called for an immediate cease fire to hostilities in Gaza.
The Buffalo Sabres placed captain Craig Rivet on waivers on Wednesday in a bid to clear their books of a defenseman who has spent much of the season struggling to get playing time.
The Buffalo Sabres placed captain Craig Rivet on waivers.
Jenna Jameson said she has 'changed 100 per cent' since becoming a mum and said her whole life is her family now.
Jenna Jameson has changed 100 per cent since becoming a mum.
Iranian fighter jets fired on an unarmed US drone in the Gulf last week and missed, the Pentagon said November 8, 2012, warning that the United States stood ready to protect its forces in the region.
Iranian jets fired on an US drone in the Gulf.
US presidential candidate Newt Gingrich is using ``racial code words'' to pander to White Republicans, claims militant Black congresswoman Shelia Jackson Lee.
Newt Gingrich is using racial code words.
Florida Panther Richard Zednik spoke publicly for the first time Wednesday about his frightening injury that nearly cost him his life here in Buffalo.
Richard Zednik spoke publicly about his frightening injury.
London England\\'s CWG officials are happy that redemption work at the Games Village has grown vigorously but maintained ``more and swift action is required'' before their second batch of athletes arrive on Sunday.
More and swift action is required.
In the latest film by adventurer and videographer Devin Graham, he caught the moment where boyfriend Creighton Baird encouraged, and then pushed, his girlfriend off a cliff.
He caught, pushed, his girlfriend off a cliff.
Redeemed rolled to a front-running victory Friday, beating Eldaafer by 10 lengths in the $200,000 Brooklyn Handicap at Belmont Park.
Redeemed rolled, beating by 10 lengths in the Brooklyn Handicap at Belmont Park.
Police are still trying to trace a taxi driver who may have information about an attempted murder on January 11.
Police are trying to trace a taxi driver.
Harley-Davidson Inc. said Friday it will cut 1,100 jobs over two years, close some facilities and consolidate others as it grapples with a slowdown in motorcycle sales.
It will cut 1,100 jobs, close some facilities.
Huawei has announced the Ascend P6, which it claims to be the world's thinnest smartphone, at a media event in London.
Huawei has announced the Ascend P6, it claims to be the world's thinnest smartphone.
British model Lara Stone has revealed that she thinks pop star Lady Gaga is 'not sexy at all'.
Lara Stone thinks Lady Gaga is not sexy.
The JSE closed firmly in the black before close on Wednesday amid optimism about the US economy, with Fed chairman Ben Bernanke expected to announce another round of stimulus later this week.
The JSE closed in the black.
A MALDON woman was given ``one last chance'' to break her drug habit in Ballarat Magistrates Court yesterday.
A MALDON woman was given one last chance to break her drug habit.
The Coroner's Court was informed yesterday that the late Baharudin Ahmad appeared weak and was breathing with difficulty when entering Avenue K.
The late Baharudin Ahmad appeared weak and was breathing with difficulty.
Azerbaijan will develop a new action plan to combat corruption, Combating Corruption Department Chief Kamran Aliyev told Trend today.
Azerbaijan will develop a new action plan to combat corruption.
The West Bengal government plans to make 'outdoor games' compulsory in schools across the State, Sports Minister Kanti Ganguly said on Thursday.
The West Bengal government plans to make ' outdoor games ' compulsory.
Goldschmidt hits grand slam, D-backs beat Cub 12-4 Paul Goldschmidt hit a tiebreaking grand slam in the eighth inning, leading the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 12-4 win over the Chicago Cubs on Saturday night.
D-backs beat Cub 12 - 4 Paul Goldschmidt hit a grand slam.
Blockbuster Inc. said Thursday that it has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy after agreeing a deal with bondholders to recapitalize the company by converting senior debt into equity.
Blockbuster Inc. has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
Vail Dermatology announced today the official grand opening of their new dermatology office in Basalt, Colorado.
Vail Dermatology announced the grand opening of their new dermatology office in Basalt, Colorado.
A Thousand Oaks psychiatrist who was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of drugs twice in three months is being investigated for treating patients while impaired and overprescribing pain killers, according to the Ventura County Sheriff's Office.
A Thousand Oaks psychiatrist is being investigated for treating while impaired and overprescribing pain killers.
Some 41pc of US shoppers have used their phones to check competitive prices while in a retail store either with Amazon, Red Laser, or another comparison engine, according to a new study by IHL Group and RetailConnections.
Some 41pc of US shoppers have used their phones to check competitive prices.
A local animal rescue group is closing its doors this week, and dozens of cats and dogs need new homes.
A local animal rescue group is closing its doors.
They want kitchens that hark back to simpler times, such as the 1940s, '50s or '60s.
They want kitchens that hark back to simpler times.
The Rock County Sheriff's Department says a man's body was found in a ditch near Kenneth, Minnesota.
A man's body was found in a ditch near Kenneth.
Cody Rhodes and Kane have the trappings for a great feud, if the WWE would let them.
Cody Rhodes and Kane have the trappings for a great feud.
San Jose-based networking giant Brocade announced Monday that it plans to buy Foundry Networks, a Santa Clara-based network equipment maker, in a deal worth around $2 billion.
Brocade plans to buy Foundry Networks.
An Israeli attack on Iran would be suicide, Iranian Defense Minister Brigadier General Ahmad Vahidi said Sunday in an interview with Iranian official news agency IRNA.
An Israeli attack on Iran would be suicide.
Iran has test fired nine long- and medium-range missiles, including one which it has previously said could reach Israel and US bases in the region, state media reported on Wednesday.
Iran has test fired nine missiles.
Garbage is piling up in one Regina neighbourhood and it is frustrating people who live there and an eyesore for those passing through.
Garbage is piling up in one Regina neighbourhood.
As of April 25, Sean and Catherine are the most watched and followed couple in ``Bachelor'' and ``Bachelorette'' history.
Sean and Catherine are the most watched couple in Bachelor and history.
The US military has been hard hit by sweeping budget cuts, but has not lost its capacity to stand up to an attack by North Korea, defense officials said.
The US military has been hit by budget cuts.
Comptroller and Auditor General Vinod Rai on Friday took a potshot at the government, saying the governance in these days has become too important to be left to the government, even as he virtually called ministers, MPs and MLAs typical bullies.
The governance has become too important to be left to the government.
Shanghai, June 9 China's quality regulator said today that Shanghai GM is recalling 4,199 imported Cadillac vehicles to remove their faulty windshield wiper fluid systems that could lead to fires, Xinhua News reported.
Shanghai GM is recalling 4,199 imported Cadillac vehicles.
South Dakota has the lowest unemployment rate in the nation, according to the most recent national numbers.
South Dakota has the lowest unemployment rate.
TERRY VENABLES last night led the tributes to former Chelsea manager Dave Sexton, who has died aged 82.
Dave Sexton has died aged 82.
Italian TV icon Elisabetta Canalis is the second contestant eliminated from dancing with the stars''.
Elisabetta Canalis is the contestant eliminated from dancing with the stars.
Haile Gebrselassie failed to qualify for the 10,000 meters at the London Games on Sunday, finishing outside the top two of the Ethiopian qualifiers at the FBK Games.
Haile Gebrselassie failed to qualify for the 10,000 meters.
In a vote hailed by President Barack Obama, the US Senate has passed comprehensive immigration reform that would put 11 million undocumented people on a path to earning citizenship.
The Senate has passed immigration reform.
The government has de-freezed the bank accounts of debt-ridden Kingfisher Airlines and Air India after the two air carriers made part-payment of their service tax dues.
The government has de-freezed the bank accounts of Kingfisher Airlines and Air India.
englewood-cop-shoots-jersey-city-man.jpgGoogle MapsA Jersey City man was shot and wounded by an Englewood detective on Saturday, northjersey.com reports.
Jersey City man was shot by an Englewood detective.
Oil fell in Asian trade on Friday following a strong rally overnight as investors showed increased confidence after G20 leaders promised to work together to fight the global crisis, analysts said.
Oil fell in Asian trade.
Funeral services will be held in Houston tomorrow for the family killed in a Colorado plane crash late last week.
Funeral services will be held tomorrow for the family killed in a Colorado plane crash.
Chaz Bono and Lacey Schwimmer have great chemistry on Dancing with the Stars.
Chaz Bono and Lacey Schwimmer have great chemistry.
Barely weeks before the Indian and Pakistani Foreign Secretaries meet in New York, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday said that infiltration along the border has gone up in recent times.
Infiltration along the border has gone.
ComplyData, a software development company, has unveiled the beta release of MyComply, an open professional networking and personal management offering for skilled worker.
ComplyData has unveiled the beta release of MyComply.
Former president General Parvez Musharraf, who formally launched his own political party-All Pakistan Muslim League in London last month, will permanently shift from London to Dubai next month, an aide said.
Parvez Musharraf will shift to Dubai.
Just in time for 2010, Miami-Dade County is about to get its largest artificial reef deployed by and for the sport-diving community.
Miami-Dade County is about to get its largest artificial reef.
Lucky Oye!', has done varying roles in his three-year film career, but he is most uncomfortable doing 'sensuous scenes'.
Lucky Oye, has done, but he is uncomfortable doing sensuous scenes.
This is the first two-year sales tax decline since 1950, according to Robbins.
This is the sales tax decline.
The Patriots have parted ways with their second defensive line regular in a week, cutting starter Kyle Love with a non-football illness designation after he was diagnosed with diabetes.
The Patriots have parted, cutting Kyle Love after he was diagnosed with diabetes.
Aaron Boone of the Houston Astros will soon have heart surgery that could end his career, the veteran infielder said on Wednesday.
Aaron Boone will have heart surgery that could end his career.
A 27-year-old farmer committed suicide after consuming pesticide in Saras village under Sadar block on Friday.
A farmer committed suicide.
THE Lebanese cabinet yesterday appointed Brigadier General Jean Qahwaji as new army commander, replacing the former army chief who became president in May, Lebanon's Naharnet news website reported.
THE Lebanese cabinet appointed as new army commander.
A pilot is killed in a helicopter crash today in Kansas.Authorities blocked off an area in McPherson County, where the aircraft went down in a field.They used four-wheelers to get to the wreckage.The name of the pilot has not been released.Federal agents are looking into the cause of the crash.
A pilot is killed in a helicopter crash.
Emirati teenagers are more prone to indulge in crime than expatriates as their prosperous life and spoiling by families turned them into irresponsible persons, according to an Emirati police researcher.
Emirati teenagers are more prone to indulge in crime.
Computer manufacturer Acer has announced it will write off US$150m following internal audits of EMEA operations discovered ``abnormalities'' in channel inventory stored in freight forwarders' warehouses, and in the accounts receivable from channels in Spain.
Acer will write off $ 150m following audits discovered abnormalities.
A few weeks ago the 100,000th knol was published, and we figured now is an excellent time to reflect on the first five months of Knol's existence.
The 100,000th knol was published, is.
Microsoft has lost its appeal agai,nst a lawsuit brought by a Canadian company i4i.
Microsoft has lost, nst a lawsuit brought by a Canadian company i4i.
Missouri City police investigated an assault, two burglaries and two reports of fraud on Wednesday.
Missouri City police investigated an assault, two burglaries and two reports on Wednesday.
Governor Granholm will visit Traverse City Wednesday to discuss the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.
Granholm will visit Traverse City Wednesday.
``The biometric system will be implemented all entry points from October to enable the particulars of each visitor to the country to be recorded,'' said Home Minister Hishammuddin Hussein.
The biometric system will be implemented all entry points.
Yahoo, Japan's Softbank and Chinese Internet company Alibaba Group say they remain in ``constructive'' talks and have made ``encouraging progress'' toward compensating the two Alibaba shareholders for the loss of Web payment service Alipay.
Yahoo, and Alibaba Group say they remain in constructive talks.
An asteroid whizzing around the sun between Mars and Jupiter has officially been named North Dakota, making the state one of the few with such a heavenly distinction.
An asteroid has been named North Dakota.
US carrier AT\u0026T has doubled its upgrade fee to USD 36 from 18, with effect from 12 February, the New York Times reported.
AT\u0026T has doubled its upgrade fee.
German cable network operator PrimaCom has entered into domination agreement with its primary shareholder Omega as the controlling entity.
PrimaCom has entered into domination agreement with its shareholder Omega.
After nearly two months in detention, Zarganar, Burma's best-known comedian, and a colleague, appeared in court in Insein Prison in Rangoon on Wednesday, according to a source.
Zarganar, appeared in court in Insein Prison.
Kiev - A Ukrainian court on Thursday delayed a decision on lawsuits over controversial TV frequency assignments, the Interfax news agency reported.
Ukrainian court delayed a decision on lawsuits over controversial TV frequency assignments.
A cast iron water main burst open today around 4 pm at the corner of Saltonstall and Pleasant streets, flooding the roadway and drawing out dozens of residents.
A water main burst at the corner of Saltonstall and Pleasant streets.
US TV news legend Walter Cronkite, dubbed ``the most trusted man in America'' for his calm delivery during a tumultuous period in US history, died at the age of 92, said the CBS network, where he spent most of his career.
US TV news legend Walter Cronkite died.
STRATFORD Town ended a poor run of results with a comfortable 3-0 victory over basement boys Willenhall Town at the DCS Stadium in Stratford-upon-Avon on Saturday.
STRATFORD Town ended a poor run.
A HIGH-LEVEL delegation of Arab diplomats visited Liverpool to promote cultural links with the city and the international Arab community.
A delegation of Arab diplomats visited Liverpool to promote cultural links.
A drunk driver with multiple prior convictions was jailed for two years and forfeited his vehicle for his latest offences.
A drunk driver was jailed for two years.
Birmingham central defender Scott Dann insists he is ready for the challenge of keeping his first team spot when Alex McLeish brings in new blood in January.
Birmingham central defender Scott Dann insists he is ready for the challenge.
The rand remained on the front foot at midday on Thursday in a quiet market as players await key US data later in the afternoon.
The rand remained on the front foot.
European shares closed slightly up on Friday as results from companies such as Telecom Italia reassured investors, and strategists said stocks might extend the rally after hitting seven-month highs this week.
European shares closed as results from companies reassured investors.
Legendary South American jockey Jorge Ricardo, the first jockey in the world to reach 10,000 wins, announced he will take a break from race riding to undergo treatment in his native Brazil for lymphoma.
Jorge Ricardo will take to undergo treatment for lymphoma.
Former British prime minister Tony Blair on Thursday joined US bank JPMorgan Chase \u0026 Co Inc as a senior advisor, according to a Reuters report from New York .
Tony Blair joined JPMorgan Chase \u0026 Co Inc as a senior advisor.
Palm Harbor Homes Inc., a nationwide factory-made home builder, filed for bankruptcy to sell its assets after saying it might need court protection from creditors due to liquidity constraints.
Palm Harbor Homes Inc. filed for bankruptcy to sell its assets.
Director Tony Scott had brain cancer, according to ABC News.
Tony Scott had brain cancer.
US Olympian Kerri Walsh, who won a beach volleyball gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics, exclusively confirmed to People she has given birth to a son.
Kerri Walsh won at the 2008 Summer Olympics, she has given birth to a son.
Iran's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is to fly to Turkey on Sunday to attend a conference of the Permanent Committee of Social and Economic Cooperation.
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is to fly to Turkey on Sunday.
Bihar opposition creates ruckus in assembly over lathicharge on teachers For more content go to http://http://www.indiatvnews.com/video/ Follow us on facebook at https://www.facebook.com/indiatvnws Follow us on twitter at https://twitter.com/indiatvnews
Bihar opposition creates ruckus in assembly.
A car went off the road and flipped several times in Penfield Sunday night.
A car went and flipped several times in Penfield.
Prime Income Asset Management, a Dallas-based advisory and management company to real estate and energy sector companies worldwide, along with one of its development companies, KLP Toulon Apartments LP, announced today that it has received a Community Development Block Grant from the Mississippi Development Authority.
Prime Income Asset Management, a advisory and management company, announced it has received a Community Development Block Grant from the Mississippi Development Authority.
Clients are the crux of any business as no clients means no moolah!
Clients are the crux of any business.
Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra,concludes its 42nd season with a performance conducted by Music Director Jeffrey Kahane featuring the world premiere of Composer-in-Residence Derek Bermel's highly anticipated homage to LA's Latin American community, Mar de Setembro, written for and performed by Grammy®-winning Brazilian vocalist Luciana Souza on Saturday, May 14, 8 pm, at the Alex Theatre in Glendale, and Sunday, May 15, 2011, 7 pm, at UCLA's Royce Hall.
Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra, concludes its season with a performance featuring the world premiere.
A LEDBURY councillor has renewed his calls for a permanent job centre to return to the town.
A councillor has renewed his calls for a job centre.
Ayacucho, Apurimac and Cusco are likely to become the next mining boom in Peru, due to the many projects already scheduled in those areas, according to estimates from the National Society of Mining, Oil and Energy.
Ayacucho, Apurimac and Cusco are likely to become the next mining boom in Peru.
Former UNLV basketball star Glen Gondrezick, who later played for the New York Knicks and Denver Nuggets before turning to broadcasting, has died.
Former UNLV basketball star Glen Gondrezick has died.
Tiger Woods has been hired as a pitchman for a Japanese heat rub used to relieve muscle and joint pain.
Tiger Woods has been hired as a pitchman for a Japanese heat rub.
Killer driver Puneet Puneet celebrated with friends in the days before he fled Australia on a false passport, a court has heard.
Puneet Puneet celebrated before he fled.
The Milwaukee Brewers announced Thursday that they have hired former Kearney High standout Drew Anderson as an area scout.
The Milwaukee Brewers have hired Drew Anderson as an scout.
Credit Suisse says it has suspended ``a handful'' of traders in connection with the over-valuation of assets by £1.5bn.
Credit Suisse has suspended a handful of traders.
It was Day 20 on Survivor Caramoan 2013 and with only 12 castaways left on Survivor Season 26 it was time for the merge and with that brought even more drama and people trying to shift with alliances, but who got eliminated on Survivor 2013 last night?
It was, but who got eliminated on Survivor 2013 last night.
China swung back to trade surplus in April after posting a rare deficit the previous month, official data showed, but analysts cautioned the better-than-expected figures may not reflect reality.
China swung back to surplus.
The Canadian Union of Postal Workers gave a 72-hour strike notice yesterday, which will begin at 11:59 EDT on Thursday, June 2 if the Canada Post does not submit to certain provisions demanded by the CUPW.
The Canadian Union of Postal Workers gave a strike notice.
The legal, business information and media company Thomson Reuters said Friday that an amendment to ban gay marriage in Minnesota would be bad for business.
The company Thomson Reuters said an amendment to ban gay marriage would be bad for business.
Spike TV, a division of MTVN Entertainment Group, a unit of Viacom Inc. said that it has joined with the Ultimate Fighting Championship in a new digital partnership to launch UltimateFighter.com.
Spike TV has joined with the Ultimate Fighting Championship in a partnership to launch UltimateFighter.com.
A French Red Cross official was kidnapped in western Yemen this weekend, the relief agency said.
A Red Cross official was kidnapped in Yemen.
The Pakistan Cricket Board on Monday warned former South Africa coach Mickey Arthur not to repeat his controversial allegations of match fixing against the Pakistan cricket team in his upcoming biography.
The Pakistan Cricket Board warned Mickey Arthur.
The super-versatile Djimon Hounsou will play the Angel of Death in ``Paradise Lost'', the Alex Proyas directed Gods vs. Gods thriller that is set to lens in Sydney shortly.
The Djimon Hounsou will play the Angel of Death in Paradise Lost.
A new training course aimed at those working in the building industry who have little or no knowledge of sustainability will officially launch on Monday.
A new training course aimed at those working in the building industry will launch.
Srinagar, Oct 22 A militant was killed in a gunbattle with security forces in Sopore township of Baramulla district this evening, official sources said.
A militant was killed in a gunbattle.
London Brent crude oil futures LCOc1 fell more than $1 a barrel on Wednesday to $52.49, weighed by further signs of easing demand in the world's top consumers and the deepening economic crisis.
London Brent crude oil futures LCOc1 fell more than $ 1.
Roberto Luongo will get the start over Martin Brodeur when Team Canada takes on Germany in Olympic men's hockey on Tuesday.
Roberto Luongo will get the start Team Canada takes.
SCANDAL-prone ironwoman Candice Falzon has moved to Perth for a new life with her AFL star boyfriend Brent Staker but his ex-girlfriend doesn't have high hopes for the romance.
Candice Falzon has moved to Perth for a life with Brent Staker.
A new poll shows Democrat Barack Obama has a solid lead over Republican John McCain in the presidential race in Virginia.
A new poll shows Barack Obama has a solid lead over John McCain in the race in Virginia.
Friday lunch gave his harness racing rivals a pacing lesson in Hobart last Sunday night with an impressive all-the-way win in the Light Harness Tasmania Pace over 1609 metres.
Friday lunch gave his racing rivals a pacing lesson.
ENGLAND will welcome their senior one-day players back today after an experimental side secured a nervy victory over Ireland at Clontarf.
ENGLAND will welcome their senior players after an side secured a nervy victory over Ireland at Clontarf.
Two British soldiers have been killed in southern Afghanistan.
Two soldiers have been killed in Afghanistan.
Ashok Leyland has target of Rs 57-58, says Kunal Bothra, LKP Share.
Ashok Leyland has target of Rs 57 58.
In the interest of strengthening ties with members of its Media Club and in celebration of its latest accomplishments, global digital and mobile communications leader LG Electronics announced its first quarter evaluation results at its quarterly Media gathering.
LG Electronics announced its first quarter evaluation results.
As per reports and information from our sources,Malaysian palm oil futures edged up on Tuesday, as investors positioned themselves ahead of export data later this week, though lingering worries about euro zone debt capped gains.The benchmark August crude palm oil contract on the Bursa Malaysia Derivatives exchange closed 0.8 percent higher at 3,380 ringgit a tonne.Traded volumes were thin at 8,104 lots at 25 tonnes each, compared with a total, and more than two-week high, at 17,205 lots from Monday.Everything else is positive - even crude oil came up a little bit,' said one trader.
Malaysian palm oil futures edged up on Tuesday, as investors positioned themselves ahead of export data later this week is.
A new poll shows President Barack Obama continues to lead Mitt Romney in New Jersey.
A poll shows Barack Obama continues to lead Mitt Romney in New Jersey.
Andy Pettitte just showed up at the courthouse in Washington and is expected to testify today in the Roger Clemens trial.
Andy Pettitte showed up and is expected to testify today in the Roger Clemens trial.
British musician Taio Cruz is to perform at the Monaco Grand Prix, as the headline act for Formula 1 club, the Amber Lounge, on Sunday night.
Taio Cruz is to perform at the Monaco Grand Prix.
Prime Shine Express Car Wash, based in Modesto, Calif., has opened its 11th central California carwash location and fourth in the Modesto area, according to a report by the Modesto Bee.
Prime Shine Express Car Wash, has opened its 11th carwash location.
A spokesman says billionaire shopping mall magnate and Indiana Pacers co-owner Mel Simon, whose company owns two malls in Knoxville, Tenn., has died at age 82.
Mall magnate and Indiana Pacers co-owner Mel Simon, has died at age 82.
The US dollar topped 100 yen for the first time in more than four years.
The dollar topped 100 yen.
The prosecution has demanded 14 years each in custody for former oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky and his former business partner Platon Lebedev.
The prosecution has demanded 14 years in custody for Mikhail Khodorkovsky.
Sea Shepherd says Japanese whalers illegally killed a large minke whale in Australian waters.
Japanese whalers killed a whale in Australian waters.
As a followup to their uncomfortable encounter on her show, Martha criticizes Rachael Ray's recent cookbook release Book of Ten and calls her an ``entertainer'':
Martha criticizes and calls her.
A Taylorsville pharmacist has been sentenced to up to 16 years in prison for drug and gun crimes.
A pharmacist has been sentenced for drug and gun crimes.
A Bolivar child was injured in a wreck Sunday afternoon on Rt. T 4 miles west of Bolivar.
A Bolivar child was injured in a wreck.
Modi, who is also a BCCI vice-president and the brain behind the highly successful Indian Premier League, lost the election 13-18 to Dixit, who is an IAS officer and is known to have the backing of the state government.
Modi lost the election.
Law, Justice and Parliamentary Affairs Minister Barrister Shafique Ahmed said strict and effective implementation of laws can ensure punishment to those responsible for road accidents.
Strict and effective implementation of laws can ensure punishment to those responsible for road accidents.
Moody's Investors Service affirmed its ratings and negative outlook for Abbott Laboratories on Wednesday and warned of a potential downgrade, citing the company's decision to buy Facet Biotech Corp. for $450 million.
Moody's Investors Service affirmed its ratings and negative outlook for Abbott Laboratories and warned of a potential downgrade.
The big question is why we are fed this rubbish.
Why we are fed this rubbish.
Williams driver Nico Rosberg said Friday that he feels like the real winner of last year's Singapore Grand Prix following revelations that Renault driver Nelson Piquet Jr deliberately crashed.
Nico Rosberg feels like the real winner.
Pearl Jam will play concerts in Toronto on Aug. 21 and Chicago two nights later in their only non-music festival dates announced in North America this year.
Pearl Jam will play in Toronto.
Folks, listen to me, he just doesn't get it.
He doesn't get.
Washington, Mar 18 A day after Indian Foreign Secretary Nirupama Rao met US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and National Security Advisor James Jones, the United States has said it has a rich strategic dialogue with India.
The United States has a rich strategic dialogue with India.
The Amherst varsity basketball team dropped its second close game of the week, falling to Heritage, 55-54, on Friday, Jan. 21.
The Amherst varsity basketball team dropped, falling to Heritage.
Assemblyman Scott Suder of Abbotsford has made some bad choices during his career in state politics.
Scott Suder has made some bad choices.
UK stocks pared losses, led by gains in Essar Energy Plc and Standard Chartered Plc. The FTSE 100 Index fell less than 0.1 perecent to 5,670.254 at 3:57 pm in London.
UK stocks pared losses.
Fire crews from local fire departments and the Department of Natural Resources are battling a grass fire this afternoon in Bevent.
Crews are battling a grass fire in Bevent.
China unexpectedly swung to a trade deficit in March, as imports surged after a holiday-induced lull, following strong surpluses in recent months.
China swung to a trade deficit in March.
US carrier Continental Airlines has announced plans to cut 1,700 jobs and increase some fees after reporting a $213m second-quarter loss due to falling passenger demand and lower fares.
Continental Airlines has announced plans to cut 1,700 jobs.
Texas Tech reached a record enrollment for the fourth straight fall semester with 32,611 students as of the 12th day of classes.
Texas Tech reached a record enrollment.
Disaster Unemployment Assistance benefits are now available for storm victims in 10 Tennessee counties.
Disaster Unemployment benefits are available in 10 counties.
KidsPeace Corp., the owner of a nonprofit psychiatric hospital for teenagers in Pennsylvania, filed for bankruptcy blaming government spending cuts.
KidsPeace Corp. filed for bankruptcy blaming government cuts.
Jerry Montano has been granted a restraining order against a woman he dated after he was allegedly bombarded with phone calls.
Jerry Montano has been granted a restraining order.
The two-day event will broadcast live from Wiregrass Commons Mall on WDJR-FM 96.9, WESP-FM 102.5 and WDBT-FM 105.3 from 6 am to 6 pm The radiothon will benefit Children's Hospital in Birmingham, a non-profit pediatric hospital.
The radiothon will benefit Children's Hospital.
Joy Behar, co-host of the US daytime chat show The View turned 68 on Oct. 7, and her colleagues celebrated with a bit of help from some female comedians, including Lily Tomlin, Kathy Griffin, Joan Rivers, and Susie Essman.
Joy Behar, co-host of the show The View turned 68, celebrated.
Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez felt Manchester United winger Antonio Valencia dived to win an equalising penalty.
Antonio Valencia dived to win an penalty.
The New Orleans Saints signed cornerback Aaron Glenn on Monday, hoping the 14-year veteran free agent can help shore up a shoddy pass defense.
The New Orleans Saints signed cornerback Aaron Glenn.
Smith says destroyers arriving later Updated: 11:48, Thursday September 6, 2012 Budget cuts and skills shortage will delay the construction of three air warfare destroyers.
Smith says destroyers arriving later Updated.
Raonic won the match 6-4, 6-4 to advance to the final.
Raonic won, to advance to the final.
WGN-TV reports that Blagojevich appeared in federal court this afternoon in black sweatpants and a blue and black jogging jacket and sneakers.
Blagojevich appeared in court.
Cayuga won the Lone Star Cup with 68 points, topping Lindsay, who was second with 64 points.
Cayuga won the Lone Star Cup.
The Cardinals added some depth to their offensive line on Thursday by signing veteran guard Russ Hochstein.
The Cardinals added by signing Russ Hochstein.
A manufacturer of wood stoves in Orillia's Forest Home Industrial Park has closed its doors, leaving the 13 remaining employees in the cold.
A manufacturer has closed its doors.
The US Postal Service said it is shifting operations from a north Fort Worth processing plant to Coppell as part of a nationwide consolidation plan.
The US Postal Service is shifting from a Fort Worth plant.
Wells Fargo on Wednesday launched a $3 billion debt sale in a two-part sale backed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp, IFR reported.
Wells Fargo launched a $ 3 debt sale.
THE DEANES School could close in just over three years if Essex County Council plans to shut it get the go ahead.
THE DEANES School could close in just over three years.
Swiss private banking group Julius Baer has signed a strategic collaboration agreement with Macquarie Group, to expand its private and investment banking opportunities in North and South East Asia.
Julius Baer has signed a strategic collaboration agreement with Macquarie Group.
By MYFOXATLANTA STAFF/myfoxatlanta IKEA announced Thursday that it is voluntarily recalling its FÖRSTÅ coffee/tea makers after receiving reports of the units breaking.
IKEA is recalling its FÖRSTÅ coffee / tea makers.
Chicago aldermen today bemoaned a 20 percent cutback in branch library hours at a time when circulation is surging and neighborhood libraries are needed as safe-havens for young people.
Aldermen today bemoaned a cutback in library hours.
A Grand Junction couple has been charged with felony child abuse for allegedly handcuffing a teenage boy from morning until bedtime, whipping him with a belt and denying him food and bathroom breaks.
A couple has been charged with child abuse.
Mosaic of South Central Iowa will be holding its second annual track and field meet from 9:30-noon Saturday at the Clarke Community High School track.
Mosaic will be holding its track and field meet from Saturday.
A 21-year-old man has been charged with manslaughter after a violent brawl outside a Coolangatta hamburger bar on the weekend.
A man has been charged with manslaughter.
Nagpur, Apr 4 At least seven naxalites were killed and several others injured in an encounter with police at Bhatpar jungle in Gadchiroli district bordering Chhattisgarh early this morning, police said.
Nagpur, seven naxalites were killed in an encounter.
Syrian troops fighting rebels in the town of Zabadani near Lebanon agreed to a ceasefire under which the army would withdraw and insurgents would leave the streets, a senior opposition leader said.
Syrian troops agreed to a ceasefire.
Park Ridge Hospital will offer free seasonal influenza and HINI vaccines to children ages 4 to 18 on Tuesday, Nov. 17, from 3 -- 9 pm at the Lelia Patterson Center, 1111 Howard Gap Road in Fletcher.
Park Ridge Hospital will offer free seasonal influenza and HINI vaccines to children 4.
SFA chief executive Stewart Regan also confirmed that Rangers face a charge of bringing the game into disrepute.
Rangers face a charge of bringing the game into disrepute.
Pakistani cricket umpire Aleem Dar has urged the Pakistan Cricket Board to provide central contract to top umpires of the country to produce successful umpires like him.
Aleem Dar has urged the Pakistan Cricket Board to provide central contract to top umpires.
A day after being cleared by a grand jury, Giants linebacker Antonio Pierce says he has no regrets over how he acted the night his teammate Plaxico Burress shot himself in the leg.
Antonio Pierce says he has no regrets.
Karnataka chief minister BS Yeddyurappa on Friday hinted at a compromise formula under which he may have to axe some ministers and transfer some officials to end the crisis in the BJP government in the state.
BS Yeddyurappa hinted at a compromise formula.
- Gov. Tim Pawlenty says he will veto tax increase proposals moving through the DFL-controlled Legislature.
Tim Pawlenty says he will veto tax increase proposals.
Justin Bieber has revealed that this holiday season he's going to release an acoustic album.
This season Justin Bieber's going to release an acoustic album.
A 28-year-old British woman, who works as a midwife at a London hospital, delivered her own baby in the bathroom using a pocket-sized mirror.
A woman delivered her own baby using a mirror.
With Justin Timberlake performing for the first time after nearly five years, Destiny's Child's amazing reunion and Fall Out Boy's new album along with a tour announcement, it's safe to say our inner teenagers screamed to at least one of these comeback debuts.
Our inner teenagers screamed.
But Israeli journalist Amira Hass faced fierce attack when she said Palestinians had a right to resist, as Lawrence Davidson notes.
Palestinians had a right to resist.
Nationwide economic growth eased for the first time since March 2009 during the September quarter, led by a decline in activity in the South Island.
Economic growth eased.
NATO said Thursday that another Taliban leader had been killed in an air strike and ground operation in northern Afghanistan, along with seven of his associates.
NATO said another Taliban leader had been killed in an air strike.
A businessman was shot dead by unidentified assailants at Sutrapur in the capital last night.
A businessman was shot dead.
Olmert was cleared of the central corruption charges including the Rishon Tours affair, in which he was accused of double-billing nonprofit organizations and using profits for personal trips, and the Talansky Affair, in which Olmert was charged with taking hundreds of thousands of dollars from a US businessman.
Olmert was cleared of the central corruption charges including the affair, he was accused.
Jared Padalecki of Supernatural and Gilmore Girls fame married one time co-star Genevieve Cortese who played a demon named Ruby.
Jared Padalecki Girls fame married Genevieve Cortese.
The family of David Gray are taking their case to the civil courts in an attempt to bring Dr Daniel Ubani to account for his mistake.
The family are taking their case to the civil courts.
Bangladesh found at least 40 dead turtles on the beach of the Bay of Bengal over the past week, officials said on Thursday.
Bangladesh found at least 40 dead turtles on the beach.
Santa Ana has temporarily suspended efforts to hire a new city manager, possibly through the end of the year, Voice of OC has confirmed.
Santa Ana has suspended efforts to hire a new city manager.
Mohammad Ashraful insists he is ready to return to the Bangladesh fold for the Test series with England and is feels there is now less of a burden on him to carry the Tigers' batting.
Mohammad Ashraful is ready to return.
SEATTLE Detroit Tigers reliever Joel Zumaya will delay surgery on his ailing right elbow for six more weeks in an effort to see if he can pitch this season.
Detroit Tigers reliever Joel Zumaya will delay surgery.
A New Jersey judge has agreed to hear a lawsuit that claims ``Jersey Shore'' producers engaged in a ``criminal enterprise'' by profiting from showing fights that cast members deliberately provoked.
That claims Jersey Shore producers engaged in a criminal enterprise.
Heavy rains pounded the DC region Wednesday, snarling traffic and prompting flood warnings in Virginia and Maryland counties.
Heavy rains pounded, snarling traffic and prompting flood warnings.
Paypal will come to Macedonia next year.
Paypal will come to Macedonia.
American Idol 6 finalist Phil Stacey is releasing the patriotic anthem ``Old Glory'' to country radio for airplay over the Fourth of July holiday.
Phil Stacey is releasing the anthem Old Glory to country radio.
Martin Jol is focused on results at Fulham, rather than playing attractive football as he aims to keep his side in the Premier League.
Martin Jol is focused on results.
President Barack Obama renewed his commitment to abortion rights yesterday, saying the nation needs to find common ground in the contentious abortion debate so ``our daughters have the same rights and opportunities as our sons.''
Barack Obama renewed his commitment to abortion rights.
Microsoft has officially launched Windows 7 in Malawi with country manager for Microsoft East and Southern Africa Louis Otieno touting it as its most well-researched product.
Microsoft has launched Windows 7 in Malawi.
``I think we're in uncharted waters,'' he told the Observer before a Charlotte Chamber event.
I think we 're in uncharted waters.
Pembroke native Niki Cross was drafted in the fifth round Friday, by the St. Louis Athletica of the Women's Professional Soccer league.
Pembroke native Niki Cross was drafted, by the St. Louis Athletica.
Richmond star Ben Cousins has been released from hospital after spending the night in intensive care following what the Tigers say was a bad reaction to a sleeping tablet.
Ben Cousins has been released from hospital.
A fire at the Lakeshore Villas apartment complex displaced a family of four and caused two firefighters to suffer smoke inhalation, the Port Ewen fire chief said on Friday.
A fire displaced a family of four.
Officials at Gina Rinehart's Roy Hill project say if current economic conditions continue foreign workers will not be needed to help build the mine.
Foreign workers will not be needed.
A former mortgage broker has been committed to Crown Court for conducting unauthorised business, writes Ryan Fowler.
A former broker has been committed to Crown Court.
New Delhi, May 20 Wheat prices rose by up to Rs 25 per quintal in the wholesale market of the national capital due to increased demand from flour millers.
Wheat prices rose by up to Rs 25 per quintal.
The Pro Football Hall of Fame expects a record turnout of members for its inductions celebrating its 50th anniversary.
The Pro Football Hall of Fame expects a record turnout of members.
The biggest German bank, Deutsche Bank, said Tuesday it would cut the level of provisions it takes against bad debts this year, a positive sign from a major international financial actor.
The bank said it would cut the level of provisions it takes against bad debts.
Mobile Fun, the online retailer of Mobile Accessories announces the launch of the iPhone 3GS Dock With External Battery Pack to double the battery life of the power hungry iPhone 3GS.
Mobile Fun, announces the launch of the iPhone 3GS Dock With External Battery Pack to double the battery life.
Professor Kwasi Nsiah-Gyabaah, Rector of Sunyani Polytechnic, at the weekend warned that Ghana would not be able to achieve middle income status by 2015 if it does not pay attention to science and technology.
Ghana would not be able to achieve middle income status if it does not pay to science and technology.
Lake County has declared a state of emergency in the aftermath of Monday's storm as power outages continue.
Lake County has declared a state of emergency.
Hundreds of locums across England are not being paid for taking part in appraisals, GP leaders have warned.
Hundreds of locums are not being paid for taking in appraisals.
Magic Johnson and Larry Bird appeared on The Late Show with David Letterman Wednesday night to promote ``Magic/Bird'', the new play starting on Broadway that chronicles their world-famous rivalry throughout the years.
Magic Johnson and Larry Bird appeared on The Late Show.
Legendary director Martin Scorsese will be honored with the 'Humanitarian' award by the Multicultural Motion Picture Association.
Martin Scorsese will be honored with the Humanitarian award.
The Green Party made its most significant political breakthrough in Britain on Friday when it won its first ever national parliamentary seat in the seaside city of Brighton.
The Green Party won its first ever parliamentary seat.
Ava Marie tries out cardio tennis, made famous on 'The Biggest Loser,' as she finds out about the
Ava Marie tries out cardio tennis.
Former Assemblyman and one-time Jersey City Council President L. Harvey Smith was indicted Tuesday by a grand jury on charges of accepting $15,000 from a government informant posing as a developer who had a project to build in Jersey City.
Former Assemblyman and L. Harvey Smith was indicted.
England set Australia 546 to win the fifth Ashes test yesterday after debutant Jonathan Trott reached 119 on the third day.
England set Australia 546 to win the fifth Ashes test.
Oprah Winfrey has settled a defamation lawsuit filed by a headmistress she had accused of performing poorly at her South African girls school, where some students claimed they were abused, lawyers said yesterday.
Oprah Winfrey has settled a defamation lawsuit.
An Annandale man was killed Sunday in a mobile home fire, said Capt. Greg Howell of the Wright County Sheriff's Office.
An Annandale man was killed in a mobile home fire.
Kolkata , Sep 7 Amid speculation that coach Subhas Bhowmick\u0026aposs days were numbered, East Bengal which suffered two humiliating defeats in the start of the season in IFA Shield, went into damage control mode today.
Kolkata East Bengal, went into damage control mode.
Leona Lewis' latest pics seem to suggest that she has got a boob job done.
She has got a boob job.
Iowa family digs up mammoth skeleton in backyard An Iowa family which discovered mammoth bones in the backyard is hoping archeologists will help dig up the rest of the skeleton.
Iowa family digs up mammoth skeleton in backyard.
BAMIYAN, AFGANISTAN: ``It's there,'' says an archaeologist pointing to the ground, where fragments of a Buddha statue from the ancient Gandhara civilisation have been covered up to stop them being stolen or vandalised.
Fragments of a Buddha statue from the ancient Gandhara civilisation have been covered up.
The Minnesota Twins announced today that they will select the contracts infielder/outfielder Brian Dinkelman and right-handed pitcher Kyle Waldrop from Triple-A Rochester prior to Monday's double header with the White Sox at Target Field.
The Minnesota Twins will select the contracts / outfielder Brian Dinkelman and Kyle Waldrop.
Citigroup yesterday warned of further large writedowns and credit losses in the second quarter, saying its business remained under pressure amid ``unprecedented'' market conditions.
Citigroup yesterday warned of further large writedowns.
Bashar al-Assad, Syria's president, addressed the Syrian nation today, saying his regime would consider political refo...
Bashar al-Assad addressed the Syrian nation.
BBC daytime TV presenter Kristian Digby has been found dead in his London flat at the age of just 32.
Kristian Digby has been found dead.
SBI is yet to merge SBT, SBH, SBBJ, SBP, SBM with itself, reports CNBC-TV18.
SBI is yet to merge SBT SBBJ SBM with itself.
16:02 Dubai police on Thursday showed off a new Ferrari they will use to patrol the city state, hot on the heels of a Lamborghini which joined the fleet earlier.
16:02 Dubai police showed off a Ferrari.
AR Murugadoss, the Tamil film director, has signed a record deal to do two joint venture projects in Tamil.
AR Murugadoss has signed a record deal.
Police in the Eastern Region have arrested a 55 year old palmwine tapper who together with his two sons allegedly defiled a 13 year old girl.
Together his two sons defiled a 13 year old girl.
As a major boost to already renowned Business Schools of our Country the IIMs may soon start giving out degrees instead of diplomas.
The IIMs may start giving out degrees instead of diplomas.
US-based Home School Legal Defense group fears that a UN treaty is causing more problems for home schoolers in several countries.
A UN treaty is causing problems for home schoolers.
Space shuttle Atlantis blasted off from Kennedy Space Center in Florida on Friday, marking the final launch of NASA's space shuttle program.
Atlantis blasted off.
Temescal Valley residents can drop off electronic waste Saturday, in a recycling event sponsored by First District Supervisor Bob Buster.
Temescal Valley residents can drop off electronic waste Saturday.
The 15-nation euro climbed slightly Thursday against the US dollar as markets continued to worry about an American recession.
The euro climbed slightly against the dollar.
Journal Communications Inc. announced Wednesday that it had sold its PrimeNet operations in Florida to a new company owned by PrimeNet president Mark Keefe.
Journal Communications Inc. had sold its PrimeNet operations.
Reality star Bethenny Frankel has filed for divorce to officially end her two-year marriage.
Reality star Bethenny Frankel has filed for divorce.
Mayor Michael Bloomberg defended NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly, who is under fire after appearing in anti-Muslim movie shown to 1,500 police officers.
Michael Bloomberg defended Ray Kelly.
BC-Flight 93 Memorial,0195 Flight 93 families ask Bush to OK land seizure Eds:
Memorial, 0195 Flight 93 families ask Bush to OK land seizure Eds.
The State today wrapped up its $2.5 billion General Obligation bond sale, after further reducing yields and increasing the size of the offering by $500 million due to strong investor demand.
The State wrapped up its $ 2.5 billion General Obligation bond sale.
Tessera Technologies has announced that its Tessera and Invensas subsidiaries each entered into new eight-year patent licence agreements with SK hynix.
Its Tessera subsidiaries entered into patent licence agreements with SK hynix.
Turner Broadcasting System has announced it just opened its own local Oslo office.
Turner Broadcasting System opened its Oslo office.
Larry Ashmead, a former book editor who worked with Isaac Asimov, Tony Hillerman and other authors, has died at 78, his former employer, former employer, HarperCollins, said Friday.
Larry Ashmead, a former book editor has died at 78.
A Croatian subsidiary of poultry producer Perutnina Ptuj opened in Zagreb on Tuesday a new distribution centre for northwestern Croatia.
A Croatian subsidiary of Perutnina Ptuj opened a new distribution centre.
The community-wide downtown Topeka health and wellness fair sponsored by KDHE and Capital City Wellness has been rescheduled for Wednesday, June 15, from 10 am to 1 pm
Topeka health and wellness fair has been rescheduled.
Addis Ababa July 1/2012 The Ethiopian Civil Aviation Authority said the number of aircrafts flying over Ethiopian airspace and using airports across the country has reached over 115,000 aircrafts over the last eleven months.
The number of aircrafts flying over Ethiopian airspace and using airports has reached over 115,000 aircrafts.
The Japanese stock market is trading weak on Friday, snapping a four-session winning streak, with investors indulging in some selling amid a few weak earnings reports.
The Japanese market is trading weak.
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao is promising greater cooperation with Arab nations on economic, political and cultural fronts.
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao is promising greater cooperation with Arab nations.
NJ Gov. Chris Christie heads to Bergen County New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie will hold a town hall event in Bergen County aimed at a ``middle-class reform agenda.''
Chris Christie heads to Bergen County Chris Christie will hold.
South Africa's Test captain, Graeme Smith, wants to end the New Zealand tour on a high and believes that there is less pressure on an international team while playing away from home.
South Africa's captain, Graeme Smith, wants to end the New Zealand tour on a high.
Volvo Rents, Shippensburg, Pa., recently opened a new company-owned rental center at 1200 W. Dartmouth Ave. in Englewood, Colo. The new rental center is Volvo Rents' third in Colorado, joining existing locations in Colorado Springs and Longmont, and will service the entire Front Range area.
Volvo Rents, opened a new rental center in Englewood, Colo..
Mexican media giant Televisa is to buy a stake in media company Univision as part of its strategy to become the number one in the Latin American media world.
Televisa is to buy a stake in Univision.
The Malay votes in Penang may largely swing to Umno while the DAP will get the lion's share of the Chinese electorate in the coming general election, says a NGO here.
The Malay votes in Penang may swing to Umno.
They took us into space and back, and now the Daily News is reporting that Canoga Park's ``Pratt \u0026 Whitney Rocketdyne, a rocket-engine maker dating from the dawn of the Cold War and American space program, is up for sale.''
Canoga Park's Pratt \u0026 Whitney Rocketdyne is up for sale.
Despite human, infrastructure and financial setbacks, the Iloilo Flood Control Project is moving on to operation in 2009, said IFCP Information Management Group Head Engr.
The Iloilo Flood Control Project is moving on to operation.
The City watchdog warned mortgage lenders to treat customers in arrears fairly or face action from the regulator.
The watchdog warned mortgage lenders.
First Selectman Rudy Marconi, Democratic exploratory candidate for governor, has called for medical tort reform in Connecticut in order to avert a ``full-fledged doctor shortage.''
Rudy Marconi has called for medical tort reform.
The Shura Council approved the proposed sukuk law during its session on Tuesday, the first time it will be issued in Egypt.
The Shura Council approved the sukuk law.
Last night's debate between Sen. Joe Biden and Gov. Sarah Palin was ``entertainment'' but useful since it showed that the Republican vice presidential nominee could stay in the ring with the Washington insider of long-standing and revealed aspects of both their personalities.
Last night's debate was entertainment but useful.
New Bills introduced in the Lords 20 November 2009 Four Government and 12 Private Members' Bills were introduced in the House of Lords on 19 November.
New Bills were introduced in the House of Lords.
Fasset has submitted a new occupational qualification for tax practitioners to the Quality Council for Trades and Occupations.
Fasset has submitted a new qualification for tax practitioners.
An ice cream man attacked an elderly woman at her front door and then tried to escape while pushing his cart of chilly treats in front of him as he ran away, police said.
An ice cream man attacked an woman, police said.
``Obama is going off his rocker and should face impeachment,'' says John M. Snyder.
Obama is going off his rocker and should face impeachment.
The three-month LME billet contract stabilised on Monday after last week's volatility, which saw official bids fall to $532 per tonne on May 17, before ticking up to $544 on May 19.
The LME billet contract stabilised after last week's volatility.
Kentucky Wildcats wide receiver Randall Cobb apologized to fans for comments he made on twitter after his team defeated the South Carolina Gamecocks on 16 October.
Kentucky Wildcats wide receiver Randall Cobb apologized for comments.
Rapper Method Man has pleaded guilty to a tax evasion charge in New York, after falling US$106,000 behind in payments.
Method Man has pleaded guilty to a tax evasion charge.
Strong growth in the emerging markets of Africa, Asia and Latin America helped brewing giant SABMiller beat forecasts with a 19-per-cent rise in annual earnings while Europe and North America proved tougher.
SABMiller beat forecasts.
A gunman robbed a jewelry store Sunday night at the Queenstown outlets, leading to a motorcycle chase and a search in the Nesbit Road area, according to police and scanner reports.
A gunman robbed a store.
A young businessman was jailed yesterday after he was caught twice driving his firm's Transit van while disqualified.
A businessman was jailed after he was caught driving while disqualified.
State of Decay has been refused classification in Australia due to its depiction of drug use.
State of Decay has been refused classification in Australia.
The Azerbaijani Cabinet of Ministers has approved a charter and structure of the open joint stock company ``Azerkosmos'', whose shares are owned by the state, the Cabinet of Ministers said on Friday.
The Azerbaijani Cabinet of Ministers has approved a charter and structure of the joint stock company Azerkosmos.
The Chargers traded with Arizona for the sixth pick of the second round to get Te'o, who was this past year's Heisman Trophy runner-up to Texas A\u0026M quarterback Johnny Manziel.
The Chargers traded to get Te'o.
Austin Mahone, better known as the guy to give Justin Bieber a run for his money, has been signed to a brand new label, Chase Records!
Austin Mahone has been signed to a label.
Nantucket police are investigating the unattended death of a 32-year-old island man who was discovered Monday morning in a basement apartment off Mary Ann Drive.
Nantucket police are investigating the unattended death.
South Carolina running back Marcus Lattimore suffered a gruesome knee injury during the second quarter of the Gamecocks' game against Southeastern Conference East rival Tennessee.
Marcus Lattimore suffered a gruesome knee injury.
Pierre Jackson's double-double against BYU leads Baylor to the NIT final at Madison Square Garden.
Pierre Jackson leads Baylor to the NIT final.
The Centre today announced a bravery award for 20-year-old Rukhsana, who killed a top LeT militant in Jammu and Kashmir recently.
The Centre today announced a bravery award for Rukhsana.
Greenpeace protesters shut down 10 to 15 BP stations in London on Tuesday, after the oil company announced its second-quarter results, BP said.
Greenpeace protesters shut down 10 to 15 BP stations in London.
The Central Bank of Azerbaijan calls upon the local banks to correct their risk management strategies, CBA Director General Rashad Orujov said Saturday in Baku at a forum titled ``Risk management in banks in post-crisis period''.
The Central Bank of Azerbaijan calls upon the local banks to correct their risk management strategies.
Steelers linebacker James Harrison has been fined US$20,000 for a late hit on Saints quarterback Drew Brees.
Steelers linebacker James Harrison has been fined US $ 20,000 for a hit on Drew Brees.
The world of wrestling has today remembered Chris Kanyon following his passing yesterday from an apparent overdose of pills.
The world of wrestling has today remembered Chris Kanyon following his passing.
Quiksilver, Inc. today announced that it plans to issue a press release disclosing fiscal 2011 third quarter financial results after the close of the market on Thursday, September 1, 2011, and will conduct a conference call to review its results at 4:30 pm Eastern time that same day.
Quiksilver Inc. plans to issue a release disclosing fiscal 2011 third quarter financial results after the close on Thursday, September 1, 2011.
Three Criminal Judges have stated that president and chief justice must take responsibility for current crisis.
President and chief justice must take responsibility for current crisis.
Feb 29, 2012 - Christian Hackenberg, a top quarterback recruit, has committed to Penn State, according to numerous reports.
Feb 29, 2012 - Christian Hackenberg has committed to Penn State.
The iPads would replace textbooks, which have a seven-year shelf life, said Senate President Pro Tem Tommy Williams, R-Lyons.
The iPads would replace textbooks.
Oil pared gains on Friday as weaker-than-expected US pending home sales data for April triggered fresh concerns about the pace of recovery by the world's largest energy consumer and after a softer dollar initially lent support to prices.
Oil pared gains as US home sales data.
Can you figure out where in Canada you are by looking at just a portion of these photos?
Where in Canada you are.
Agricultural services group AFGRI announced on Tuesday that it has implemented the Izitsalo Employeee Investments acquisition following its revised broad based black economic empowerment structure.
AFGRI has implemented following its empowerment structure.
AP Business Writer Steel maker ArcelorMittal said Wednesday its first-quarter net profit jumped 67 percent thanks to higher sales and the spin-off of its stainless-steel unit.
ArcelorMittal said its net profit jumped 67 percent thanks.
Sauber driver Kamui Kobayashi is hopefully looking forward to perform well in 2012 British Grand Prix which is to be held at Silverstone Circuit on July 8.
Kamui Kobayashi is looking forward to perform well in 2012 British Grand Prix.
The City of Prince Albert officially opened it's new public transit centre today.
The City of Prince Albert opened it's new public transit centre.
Employees' 10 most 'outrageous' excuses for coming in lateEmployees tend to be extremely creative when it comes to giving excuses for being late for work, researchers say.
Employees ' 10 most outrageous excuses tend to be it comes to giving for being late.
Kuwaiti Ambassador to Yemen Fahad Al-Mai'e encouraged Kuwaiti investments in Yemen as part of bilateral cooperation that would bring benefits to both countries.
Ambassador encouraged Kuwaiti investments in Yemen.
Eddie Ahern will appeal the 10-year disqualification imposed on him by the British Horseracing Authority following the conclusion of a corruption hearing.
Eddie Ahern will appeal the disqualification imposed by the British Horseracing Authority.
Cranston is holding a homecoming for the newly crowned Miss USA at which she will be presented a key to the city.
Cranston is holding a homecoming for the Miss USA.
An accident this morning on southbound Highway 41 south of Shields Avenue has snarled traffic all the way back to Bullard Avenue, the California Highway Patrol is reporting.
An accident on Highway 41 has snarled traffic.
State police say they responded to 328 accidents, 42 involving injuries, during the major snowstorm that hit Connecticut on Friday.
State police say they responded to 328 accidents during the snowstorm.
Discovery landed at its home port in Florida on Saturday afternoon, ending a 13-day mission that left the international space station with all its solar wings.
Discovery landed at its port in Florida.
WASHINGTON \u003e\u003e Home prices rose in nearly all major US cities in April from March, further evidence that the housing market is slowly improving even while the job market slumps.
Home prices rose in nearly all major US cities.
Republican businessman Gabriel Gomez told Democratic Gov. Deval Patrick that he would not run in the US Senate special election if Patrick appointed him as an interim senator to fill the seat vacated by Secretary of State John Kerry.
Gabriel Gomez told Deval Patrick he would not run in the special election if Patrick appointed him as an interim senator.
A FedEx cargo plane en route from China crashed in high winds and exploded in a ball of flames on Monday at Tokyo's Narita airport, killing both pilots, according to Japanese hospital officials.
A plane crashed and exploded.
A Schuyler Lake man was arrested for DWI Friday night but in this case police say he also resisted arrest.
A Schuyler Lake man was arrested for DWI but police say he resisted arrest.
A Pakistani was charged with the murder of a real estate agent in Ara Damansara last month, at the magistrates' court here yesterday.
A Pakistani was charged with the murder of a real estate agent.
Las Vegas Sands Corp. is is celebrating International Museum Day this Saturday, May 18, in partnership with DISCOVERY Children's Museum.
Las Vegas Sands Corp. is is celebrating International Museum Day.
Dutch construction company Royal Bam Group intends to raise EUR249 million in a rights issue, announced in a press release Monday.
Royal Bam Group intends to raise EUR249 million in a rights issue.
The second pedestrian struck by a vehicle in Rancho San Diego Monday night has died, the Medical Examiner's Office said.
The second pedestrian struck Monday night has died.
Philadelphia Flyers forward Jakub Voracek was involved in a car crash in his hometown of Kladno at 11:30 am, local time.
Jakub Voracek was involved in a car crash.
Mavericks swingman Josh Howard -- who has played only three games this season and sat out the past 13 in a bumpy recovery from offseason ankle surgery -- will make his return to the lineup Tuesday night against the Phoenix Suns, coach Rick Carlisle confirmed to ESPNDallas.com.
Josh Howard has played only three games.
China may allow foreign firms with investments inside the country to list domestically, as part of efforts to boost trader confidence during the global downturn, an official said on Thursday.
China may allow foreign firms to list.
Jimmy Buffett may have helped get 250 portable generators hung up in customs to earthquake ravaged Haiti.
Jimmy Buffett may have helped get 250 portable generators hung up to Haiti.
Epsom will be lit up for the festive season when its Christmas lights are switched on during two entertainment-packed events next week.
Its Christmas lights are switched on.
I am hoping that you would feel free to post when you think QE will end and Securitization of ponzi real estate will begin.
When you think QE will end and Securitization will begin.
A 47-year-old man died at the RCMP detachment in Gleichen after being arrested Wednesday night for causing a drunken disturbance at the hospital in Vulcan, 110 kilometres southeast of Calgary.
A man died at the RCMP detachment.
Two Indonesian warships are currently patrolling waters near maritime borders with Timor-Leste, where the political and security situation became destabilized after assassination attempts on the president and prime minister, a naval official said.
Two Indonesian warships are patrolling waters near borders with Timor-Leste.
Jets coach Rex Ryan says he considered benching quarterback Mark Sanchez during the team's 10-6 loss to the Dolphins on Sunday.
Rex Ryan considered benching Mark Sanchez.
By Phil Seery Last updated: 9th March 2011 Real Madrid star Kaka has suffered a knee setback which will keep him out for a further fortnight.
Kaka has suffered a knee setback.
Shashi Tharoor, The Minister of State for Human Resource Development, answers your questions on a Google Hangout on Indian education.
Shashi Tharoor answers your questions on a Google Hangout.
Office Depot Inc. on Tuesday swung to an unexpected first-quarter loss, hurt by disappointing sales as recovery in the US job market remains uneven.
Office Depot Inc. swung to an unexpected loss.
Actor Jackky Bhagnani says that director Sanjay Gadhvi used his invisible whip to extract performances from the cast of ``Ajab Gazabb Love''.
Sanjay Gadhvi used his invisible whip.
A San Angelo woman was arrested on a felony drug charge during a routine traffic stop, according to a police news release.
A San Angelo woman was arrested on a drug charge.
Levon Helm, the long-time Hudson Valley resident, Grammy winner and member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, will undergo a medical procedure that will prevent him from performing at several of his upcoming Midnight Ramble house concerts in Ulster County.
Levon Helm, will undergo a medical procedure.
John Travolta appeared on Monday night's Dancing with the Stars to offer his advice to Kirstie Alley.
John Travolta appeared on Monday night's Dancing with the Stars.
Morgan Freeman was discharged on Thursday from a Tennessee hospital after the Oscar-winning actor was treated for broken bones and other injuries sustained in a weekend car crash in Mississippi.
Morgan Freeman was discharged from a hospital.
Senator Hillary Clinton is reaching out to Arkansas voters this election eve.
Hillary Clinton is reaching out to Arkansas voters.
THE rapid rise of Ajmal Shahzad from drinks carrier into an Ashes contender was confirmed yesterday when he was named for this week's first Test against Pakistan at Trent Bridge.
Ajmal Shahzad was named for this week's first Test against Pakistan at Trent Bridge.
Paul McAnulty added a home run and drove in two runs.
Paul McAnulty added a home run.
The first round of budget negotiations between Democratic and Republican lawmakers got a slow start Wednesday with less than a week to go before the state's current spending plan expires.
The round of budget negotiations got a slow start.
The Montgomery Zoo received accreditation by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums last week.
The Montgomery Zoo received accreditation.
Collingwood coach Mick Malthouse has apologised to the AFL executive after launching an extraordinary attack on it over the weekend.
Mick Malthouse has apologised to the AFL executive.
by KING 5 News Beginning at 5 am Saturday, the Alaskan Way Viaduct will close for the weekend between the West Seattle Bridge and the Battery Street Tunnel.
The Alaskan Way Viaduct will close for the weekend.
SHEBOYGAN, Wis. -The barrels are back on I-43 again.
Wis. - The barrels are back on I-43.
Eurostar and Seb Coe welcomed hundreds of European Olympic fans and athletes to London to mark 'One year to Go' to the start of the London 2012 Olympic Games.
Eurostar and Seb Coe welcomed hundreds of European Olympic fans to London to mark One year to Go.
BNP Chairperson and opposition leader Khaleda Zia left here for Saudi Arabia this morning to perform Umrah in Makkah at the invitation of the Saudi King.
Khaleda Zia left for Saudi Arabia.
Average council tax bills for homes in England will fall slightly this year, a survey suggests.
Council tax bills will fall slightly.
Georgia DOT will suspend construction-related lane closures on all interstates and major state routes from 5 am, Wednesday, Nov. 25, until midnight, Sunday, Nov. 29, to accommodate travelers.
Georgia DOT will suspend lane closures.
North Korea condemned Taiwan for attempting to join the United Nations, saying Saturday that the move would escalate tensions in the region.
North Korea condemned Taiwan for attempting to join the United Nations.
LoyaltyOne Inc., a global provider of loyalty strategy and programs, customer analytics and relationship marketing services, has taken its sustainability efforts and successes ONE Step Further by launching its second public Accountability Report.
LoyaltyOne Inc., has taken by launching its second Accountability Report.
This month, she's on the cover of Cosmopolitan -- looking nothing short of gorgeous, and she told Ellen about loving her body exactly the way it is.
She 's, and she told about loving her body.
Russia launched a rocket with a US telecommunications satellite from the Baikonur Space Centre in Kazakhstan, RIA Novosti news agency said quoting the Russian Space Agency Roscosmos on Tuesday.
Russia launched a rocket with a US satellite.
Another plane has crashed in St. Charles Parish, a day after a small plane crash killed two people in the town of Ama.
Another plane has crashed in St. Charles Parish.
ProQuest, a Cambridge Information Group company, has acquired RefWorks LLC, a leading provider of web-based research management, writing and collaboration services for the academic and research communities.
ProQuest has acquired RefWorks LLC.
Sicap enables call centre agents to significantly reduce OPEX and gain efficiency with its combination of Device Management, or ``DM,'' tools.
Sicap enables call centre agents to reduce OPEX and gain efficiency.
Fans of A Christmas Carol will recall that the story ends with a slap-up dinner at the Cratchit household, a half-circle around the hearth and the salutation: ``God bless us every one!'' from the crippled-but-plucky Tiny Tim. Modern-day parishioners of the Bishop of London, Richard Chartres, know that his usual Christmas card salutation is ``Health, prosperity and settled hearts.''
His salutation is Health, prosperity and settled hearts.
The filing deadline for candidates seeking office via the August primary and November general elections is less than four hours away, but local media are told that at least one more candidate for Boone County office is set to file around 3 pm today.
At least one more candidate is set to file.
Michele Bachmann is reminding Republican caucus voters of her Iowa roots and stiff stands in Washington in her first and only TV ad aired in the run-up to Tuesday's caucuses.
Michele Bachmann is reminding voters of her Iowa roots in her TV ad.
Former president Bill Clinton speaks to the Democratic National Convention tonight and introduces President Barack Obama's name for nomination.
Bill Clinton speaks tonight.
Poison singer Bret Michaels made it to Sunday's live finale and won the title of ``Celebrity Apprentice'', beating out actress Holly Robinson Peete.
Bret Michaels made and won the title of Celebrity Apprentice.
Vp Plc., the equipment rental specialist, reiterated its overall business has made a good start to the new year.
Vp Plc. reiterated its overall business has made a good start to the new year.
James DePreist, one of the first African-American conductors and a National Medal of Arts winner, died Friday at his home in Scottsdale, Ariz., his manager Jason Bagdade said.
James DePreist died his manager said.
THE Police Federation has summoned its members to an emergency meeting tomorrow at the Police Academy in St Catherine to discuss the ongoing impasse with the Government over retroactive payments, and decide their next move.
THE Police Federation has summoned its members to an emergency meeting.
At 120 metres long the UK's longest snowflex Supertube has opened at the Festival Park just outside Ebbw Vale.
At long the UK Supertube has opened just outside Ebbw Vale.
Nintendo's Wii Fit has officially launched today.
Nintendo's Wii Fit has launched today.
The UK Border Agency has confirmed that from 25 November 2008, it will begin issuing identity cards to foreign nationals applying for further leave to remain in the country.
The UK Border Agency will begin issuing identity cards to foreign nationals.
In a new twist to the controversy over the Kochi team, its owner Rendezvous Sports alleged that IPL Commisioner Lalit Modi had offered a USD 50 million bribe to them to withdraw from the race.
Lalit Modi had offered a USD 50 million bribe.
Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray would surrender in Kalyan Railway court on Monday in connection with case related to attack on north Indians.
Raj Thackeray would surrender in Kalyan Railway court.
The Philippines won its first investment-grade credit rating on Wednesday in a move President Benigno Aquino hailed as proof his country was no longer Asia's economic backwater.
The Philippines won its first credit rating.
Spanish flag carrier Iberia, which is to merge with British Airways, flew back into the black in the second quarter, posting net profits of 31 millions euros on an upturn in demand, it said on Friday.
Iberia flew back, posting profits.
A Coos Bay woman died in a fiery crash off a bridge Tuesday afternoon.
A Coos Bay woman died in a fiery crash off a bridge.
Robert J. Lefkowitz of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute and Duke University Medical Center and Brian K. Kobilka of Stanford University School of Medicine have won the 2012 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for studies of g-protein-coupled receptors, key for communication between eukaryotic cells and the outside world.
Robert J. Lefkowitz and Brian K. Kobilka have won the 2012 Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
The existence of Bugis temporary dump site located on Jl Bugis, Kebonbawang, Tanjungpriok, North Jakarta, was complained by the residents because of its bad odor.
The existence of temporary dump site was complained by the residents.
President Barack Obama says he will hold a wide-ranging jobs summit in December, to discuss ways to put more people to work.
Barack Obama will hold a jobs summit in December.
A $177 million Northern Colorado land portfolio that hit the national market in February has been reconfigured with a new price tag to cater to interested buyers.
A $ 177 million Northern Colorado land portfolio has been reconfigured.
Google released a new note taking web app and Android app called Google Keep to take on long-standing note champ Evernote.
Google Keep to take on note champ.
Kate Middleton, Prince William's long-time girlfriend, has a new job with British photographer Mario Testino.
Kate Middleton has a new job.
Nicklas Lidstrom is coming back for a 20th season with the Detroit Red Wings, agreeing to a one-year deal worth $6.2 million.
Nicklas Lidstrom is coming back for a 20th season.
Anthony Sowell, 50, is being held without bond after investigators recovered 10 bodies and a skull at his Cleveland, Ohio home.
Anthony Sowell is being held without bond.
Bologna fired Daniele Arrigoni on Monday and hired Sinisa Mihajlovic as the club's new coach.
Bologna fired Daniele Arrigoni.
The Wildcats won their second consecutive sectional title Wednesday, taking advantage of three key Lake errors, three runs from Melissa Busdeker and yet another great outing in the circle from Elishia Stone for a 4-1 victory.
The Wildcats won their sectional title.
Wall Street headed for a slightly lower open Friday ahead of economic reports on durable goods, new home sales, and consumer sentiment.
Wall Street headed for a lower open ahead of reports on durable goods and consumer sentiment.
A study by researchers in the West Virginia University School of Medicine, Tufts University and Stanford University shows that exercise and diet improve cholesterol in overweight and obese adults.
A study, shows exercise and diet improve cholesterol in overweight and obese adults.
Darren Bent has admitted that he won't celebrate if he scores against his former club Sunderland in the English Premier League.
Darren Bent has admitted he won't celebrate if he scores against his club Sunderland.
Letchworth under-15s upset the odds to lift the county cup in a dramatic final against holders Old Albanians.
Letchworth under-15s upset the odds to lift the cup.
Comarch has opened a data centre in Frankfurt in collaboration with e-shelter, a German company that designs, builds, and operates high-availability data centres.
Comarch has opened a data centre in Frankfurt.
A man faces federal charges after police say he was selling pirated DVDs in the parking lot of a Wichita Quik Trip.
A man faces federal charges after police say he was selling pirated DVDs.
She's a model, TV host, producer and a fashion designer, but Heidi Klum has taken on a new role: tooth fairy!
She 's, but Heidi Klum has taken on a new role.
Ghaziabad, May 24 A man was abducted and shot dead in Ghaziabad, police said Monday.
A man was abducted and shot dead in Ghaziabad.
NRL supremo David Gallop will visit Mackay in November as the CQ Bid gathers steam in its efforts to have a new NRL team established in Rockhampton.
David Gallop will visit Mackay in November gathers.
Reid said Monday that he would keep senators in town through the weekend in order to complete work on measures with approaching deadlines.
Reid would keep senators through the weekend.
Health staff unwilling to introduce quality improvement measures might ``ship out'' if told to grow up, Richard Thomson says.
Staff might ship out if told to grow up.
Police say a truck driver got himself in big trouble when he didn't stop after causing an accident.
Police say a truck driver got he didn't stop after causing an accident.
Jeremy Piven has revealed that John Malkovich scared him into thinking he would not be prepared to handle his new Broadway role.
John Malkovich scared Jeremy Piven.
The Government has said the horsemeat scandal may be the result of a widespread criminal conspiracy, which could involve gangs abroad.
The horsemeat scandal may be the result of a criminal conspiracy.
The Buffalo Bill/Western history gallery closed Monday, Oct. 3, to make way for an extensive renovation project.
The Buffalo Bill / closed, to make for an renovation project.
Zimbabwean police arrested Energy and Power Development Minister Elton Mangoma, Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai said.
Zimbabwean police arrested Energy and Power Development Minister Elton Mangoma, Morgan Tsvangirai said.
With the introduction of the new MacBook Pros and Thunderbolt, otherwise known as Light Peak, Apple has also released the first developer preview of Mac OS X Lion entailing features that were not seen last year when Cupertino gave a demo of the product in it's beginning stages.
Apple has released the first developer preview of Mac OS X Lion.
India will host the next International Renewable Energy Conference during October 27-29, 2010 at New Delhi.
India will host the next International Renewable Energy Conference.
South Africa is about to lift a 13-year ban on elephant culling, as the animal's population rises and encroaches on areas where people live.
South Africa is about to lift a ban on elephant culling.
US energy firm Chevron is selling three more Nigerian oil blocks, the company said on Tuesday, taking to five the number of assets it is selling in Africa's biggest oil producer.
Chevron is selling three more Nigerian oil blocks.
President Obama signed the small business loan bill today.
Obama signed the small business loan bill.
Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart are 2 great actors and despite the fact that Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart have denied their relationship they were caught kissing one more time.Once again Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart were caught kissing ...?
Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart were caught kissing.
That is why she is able to flaunt such a fabulous body and she has decided to release her fitness DVD like Shilpa Shetty and Bipasha Basu.
She is and she has decided to release her fitness DVD.
A Texas teenager who died on Christmas Day of a congenital heart condition continues to touch thousands of people around the world through YouTube.
A Texas teenager continues to touch thousands through YouTube.
New Jersey sex offenders are now required to take lie detector tests to ensure they are obeying the terms of their parole.
Sex offenders are required to take lie detector tests.
The Sault Ste. Marie Airport Development Corporation is pleased to announce that Sunwing has extended their winter season flights for Sault Ste. Marie.
Sunwing has extended their winter season flights for Sault Ste. Marie.
Pope Benedict XVI delivered his traditional Christmas Day blessing Friday, looking tired and unsteady but otherwise fine hours after being knocked down by a woman who jumped the barrier at the start of Mass in St. Peter's Basilica.
Benedict XVI delivered his Christmas Day blessing, looking after being knocked down.
WESTPAC and ANZ say they are also reviewing interest rates after rival CBA flagged a rise in its home loan rates.
WESTPAC and ANZ say they are reviewing interest rates after CBA flagged a rise.
Police have expressed their concern at the prevalence of a ``knife culture'' in Melbourne that saw ten people stabbed over the weekend including two teenagers and a woman.
That saw ten people stabbed over the weekend.
A flash flood watch was issued on Tuesday for the Upstate of South Carolina , portions of northeast Georgia and western North Carolina as a thick band of rain moved in from the south and west.
A flash flood watch was issued for the Upstate.
Fuller's Carwash \u0026 Detail Center in Orland Park, Ill., is adding a 140-foot express carwash tunnel to satisfy customers who want faster service, according to a report by the Southtown Star.
Fuller's Carwash \u0026 Detail Center is adding a express tunnel to satisfy customers.
Iran has dug mass graves in which to bury US troops in case of any American attack on the country, a commander of the elite Revolutionary Guard said Tuesday, warning that a military strike would spark an ''extensive war'' in the region.
Iran has dug graves to bury US troops.
BBC executive Alan Yentob has hit back at the corporation's critics over expenses - and told the Government to stop meddling in its affairs.
BBC executive Alan Yentob has hit - and told the Government to stop meddling.
State officials said the jobless rate dropped to 14.7 percent in November from a national high of 15.1 percent in October.
State officials said the jobless rate dropped to 14.7 percent.
MDMK leader Vaiko was arrested near here Wednesday when he was on his way to take part in a protest to block roads leading to Kerala against its stand on the Mullaperiyar Dam over which it is locked in a bitter dispute with Tamil Nadu.
MDMK leader Vaiko was arrested.
Gold held near $1,710 an ounce on Tuesday, little changed from the previous session, ahead of a US Federal Reserve meeting where policymakers are expected to announce more potentially bullion-supportive stimulus measures.
Gold held $ 1,710 ahead of a US Federal Reserve meeting.
CANANDAIGUA, NY A teacher has been accused of having sex with a 17-year-old student at Canandaigua Academy, a small-town school in western New York.
Teacher has been accused of having sex with a student.
Programme sellers at Southampton Football Club claim they have been sacked and replaced with agency staff.
Sellers at Southampton Football Club claim they have been sacked.
The Yankees will rename their spring training home Steinbrenner Field in honor of the man who has owned the team since 1973.
The Yankees will rename their spring training home Steinbrenner Field.
Just like Will Smith and Tupac, Rap star Drake has revealed that he would like to become an actor in the near future.
Drake would like to become an actor.
TMZ has obtained the 911 call made by Peter Fonda last week when he found a dead body in the Pacific Palisades area of Los Angeles.
Peter Fonda found a dead body.
UnitedHealthcare, a UnitedHealth Group /quotes/zigman/258846/quotes/nls/unh UNH -0.05% company, has agreed to acquire XLHealth Corp., a sponsor of Medicare Advantage health plans with a primary focus on Medicare recipients with special needs, such as those with chronic illness, and those also eligible for Medicaid.
UnitedHealthcare, has agreed to acquire XLHealth Corp..
US-Yemeni radical cleric Anwar al-Awlaki has called for the killing of Americans ``without hesitation,'' in a video message posted on jihadist websites, US monitoring group SITE said on Monday.
Anwar al-Awlaki has called for the killing of Americans without hesitation.
Yakimov made it four wins on the trot with the minimum of fuss when making his debut for trainer Ollie Pears in the claimer at Southwell.
Yakimov made four wins.
US computer maker Dell Inc. announced today it will slash its Irish work force and shift its European manufacturing operations to Poland in a move certain to undermine Ireland's recession-hit economy.
Dell Inc. will slash its Irish work force and shift to Poland.
However, Fadi Ibrahim, 35, has been refused bail, with a magistrate ruling that the protection of the community and witnesses in the case were paramount.
Fadi Ibrahim has been refused bail.
Political parties on Tuesday condemned the terror attack on the CRPF camp in Rampur and called for drastic steps to nab the culprits at the earliest.
Political parties condemned the attack.
Sepultura has posted a new song entitled, ``Coquinho'' online for free download.
Sepultura has posted a new song, online for download.
Advanta Corp, a small business credit card lender, on Sunday said it filed for bankruptcy protection after the economic crisis over the last two years devastated its small business customers.
Advanta Corp filed for bankruptcy protection.
most recently, Impress has invested in a brand new, advanced digital printer meaning that their customers can now experience an additional service whilst continuing to receive excellent prices.
Impress has invested in a new, digital printer.
With the third classificatory place in Cali, Colombia, achieved by the taekwondo pactitioner Mirna Echeverría, Cuba already has 106 tickets for the Olympic Games Beijing 2008.
Cuba already has 106 tickets for the Olympic Games Beijing 2008.
Four children, including three pre-teens, were charged Friday with burglary after the victim saw the suspects toting off her property, authorities said.
Four children were charged with burglary.
More challengers have come out of the woodwork to say they have the largest maple leaf in the world.
Challengers have come out of the woodwork.
European firms face a ``mass employee exodus'' over the next three years as the economy in the euro zone recovers and workers search for better opportunities, new research has found.
European firms face a mass employee exodus.
Tight end prospect Jimmy Graham has several visits lined up with NFL clubs including the Dolphins and Lions, according to the Sun-Sentinel.
Jimmy Graham has visits lined up.
The afternoon match of Montreal's Rogers Cup Canadian Women's Tennis Championship has been delayed because of rain.
The match has been delayed because of rain.
The public has little confidence in journalism and the media needs to lift its game, says Australian Press Council chairman Julian Disney.
The public has little confidence and the media needs.
Even as the government and regulators are grappling with Satyam fraud, industry body Assocham on Sunday said majority of corporates violate some clause or other of the listing agreement.
Majority of corporates violate some clause.
The NASCAR Now roundtable discusses what it will take this year to win the Chase
What The roundtable will take to win the Chase.
The budget deficit is set to fall to 3.5% next year, down from 6% this year, the Financieele Dagblad reports on Thursday, without quoting direct sources.
The budget deficit is set to fall to 3.5% next year.
Edward has previously spoken about his and Brad's love of the British band, saying: ``Brad and I had a mutual fixation on the second two Radiohead albums.''
Brad had a fixation.
Engineering group Foster Wheeler has clinched another Sasol contract, this time for the engineering, procurement and construction management of its Fischer-Tropsch Wax Expansion Project at Sasolburg.
Foster Wheeler has clinched another Sasol contract.
SAN SALVADOR, El Salvador -FIFA suspended El Salvador from all international competition Tuesday after its government refused to recognize the authorities set up to run soccer in the Central American country.
El Salvador FIFA suspended.
With the turn of the calendar page, summer camp season officially starts next week.
Camp season starts week.
Hollywood actress Olivia Newton John has been accused of reneging a property deal by a couple, who have filed a lawsuit against her.
Olivia Newton John has been accused of reneging a property deal.
In fact, porn publisher Larry Flynt will pay $1 million to get dirt on Mitt Romney.
Larry Flynt will pay $ 1 million to get dirt on Mitt Romney.
Lucknow, June 26 BJP president Rajnath Singh said here Wednesday that Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi never claimed rescuing 15,000 people from disaster-hit Uttarakhand.
Narendra Modi never claimed rescuing 15,000 people.
A job fair was held in Monterey on Monday.
A job fair was held in Monterey.
While it may be open to debate whether men or women are generally safer drivers, men over age 45 are much more likely to crash on icy and snowy roads, according to a new study.
Men over age 45 are more likely to crash on icy and snowy roads.
Air France-KLM said its losses mounted sharply in the first quarter compared with a year earlier, when earnings were boosted by a gain in the value of oil price hedging contracts the airline uses to manage its fuel costs.
Air France-KLM said its losses mounted sharply.
The Government has procured 161 ambulances at the cost of 10 million Euros for the establishment of the National Ambulance Service, Mr. Alban Bagbin, Minister of Health, said at the weekend.
The Government has procured 161 ambulances.
Sony Pictures Entertainment has revealed that they are in the process of cutting around 450 jobs in their operations.
Sony Pictures Entertainment are in the process of cutting around 450 jobs.
New Delhi, Mar 21 A 35-year-old BJP worker attempted to commit suicide here this evening apparently due to family problems, police said.
New Delhi, A BJP worker attempted to commit suicide.
Springbok coach Heyneke Meyer has defended his conservative selections ahead of Saturday's Test against the All Blacks in Dunedin.
Heyneke Meyer has defended his conservative selections.
President Shimon Peres on Sunday, February 20, 2012 made an official visit to Nazareth and held a story hour with fifth graders at the city library.
Shimon Peres made an visit to Nazareth.
``Monetary policy will continue to be appropriately tight until we see a more benign outlook and manageable inflation expectations,'' governor Amando Tetangco said in a mobile text message to reporters.
Monetary policy will continue to be appropriately tight.
The Hiram College women's basketball team was defeated by Oberlin College, 63-44, tonight in a North Coast Athletic Conference game at Philips Gymnasium in Oberlin.
The Hiram College women's basketball team was defeated by Oberlin College, 63 44.
Katie Holmes thinks she can dance and in a few weeks she'll be displaying her moves for all the world to see.
Katie Holmes thinks she can dance.
A former US Navy sailor from Hampton was convicted in federal court Monday on charges that he arranged fraudulent marriages between shipmates on the USS Kearsarge and illegal immigrants.
A former sailor from Hampton was convicted on charges he arranged fraudulent marriages.
Dario Franchitti has captured the pole for IndyCar at Homestead, and Australian Will Power came in third.
Dario Franchitti has captured the pole for IndyCar.
From a congressional vote on student loans to a new exhibit on campus, 2 News Today has 5 things you need to know for Monday, May 7.
2 Today has 5 things you need to know.
The space agency of United States, NASA was extremely elated when the space shuttle Atlantis linked up with the orbiting Hubble Space Telescope safely and successfully yesterday.
The space shuttle Atlantis linked up with the Hubble Space Telescope safely and successfully.
It's being reported that Jr lightweight contender Eloy Perez has tested positive for cocaine.
Eloy Perez has tested positive for cocaine.
Taiwan and China, enemies since the end of the Chinese civil war in 1949, will launch direct sea links, postal links and daily charter flights on Monday.
Taiwan and China, enemies, will launch sea links, and daily charter flights on Monday.
Novell on August 19 announced WorkloadIQ -- the company's differentiated approach to lead and enable the rapidly growing intelligent workload management market.
Novell announced WorkloadIQ.
Actress Olivia Wilde says she credits her marriage split for making her a 'better actress' because the emotional turmoil has made her more compassionate.
Olivia Wilde credits her marriage split for making her a better actress.
TNSM leadership and Taliban had differences over Shariah implementation and the former had been receiving threats, NWFP Information Minister Mian Ifitkhar Hussain said Saturday, following death of two TNSM leaders in an attack by militants.
TNSM leadership and Taliban had differences.
Ridewell has announced it is opening a Canadian warehouse in Hamilton which will shorten lead times, reduce freight costs and eliminate the hassle of filing paperwork associated with importing for its Canadian customers.
Ridewell is opening a Canadian warehouse.
Pop star Kylie Minogue received a warm welcome from her new beau Andres Velencoso's family when she met them recently.
Kylie Minogue received a warm welcome from her new beau.
Jim Edmonds announced in a statement Friday that he has decided to retire from baseball.
Jim Edmonds announced he has decided to retire from baseball.
WASHINGTON Former presidential candidate John Edwards says he'd take a paternity test to prove he didn't father a child with a woman he had an affair with.
John Edwards says he 'd take a paternity test.
Bollington, a UK-based commercial and personal insurance broker, has appointed Andrew McKellar to its underwriting division as senior motor underwriter to become an affinity intermediary in the UK.
Bollington has appointed as senior motor underwriter to become.
By an overwhelming 260-124 margin, Milton residents voted against a referendum that would've allowed the town to pursue up to $3.45 million in borrowed funds for water-system upgrades -- an elevated storage tank, treatment facility, water mains and wells.
Milton residents voted against a referendum.
Republican presidential candidate Thad McCotter on Thursday opened his national campaign headquarters in the Detroit suburb of Plymouth.
Thad McCotter opened his campaign headquarters.
A fuel spill in the Don River near Eglinton Avenue East has been contained, although it will likely take the better part of the day to clean it up, according to Toronto Fire Services.
A fuel spill in the Don River has been contained.
Florida US Senator-elect Marco Rubio is preparing for his swearing in ceremony at the US Senate.
Marco Rubio is preparing at the US Senate.
A Lyndhurst woman, 21, was arrested for domestic violence after she struck her grandfather while she was intoxicated Friday at his home.
A woman was arrested after she struck her grandfather.
A Manitoba judge at the centre of a sex scandal says the lawsuit against her should be dismissed.
A judge says the lawsuit against her should be dismissed.
Investment fund Fidelity did not place a stake in Italian oil service group Saipem, a spokesman for Fidelity said on Wednesday.
Fidelity did not place a stake in Saipem, a spokesman said.
New Zealand Sevens Coach Gordon Tietjens received the ultimate rugby honour this morning after being inducted into the IRB Hall of Fame, the first Sevens Coach recognised this way.
Gordon Tietjens received after being inducted into the IRB Hall of Fame.
The president of the National Union of Students has said that violent demonstrators need to be excluded from future protests after Thursday's violent clashes in London.
Violent demonstrators need to be excluded from future protests.
GE Capital on Thursday said it is expanding its leasing business in India and aiming for exponential increase in leasing business volume in 2012 by entering into new leasing asset areas and expanding its existing presence in the automotive and equipment leasing for corporate organisations.
GE Capital is expanding its leasing business.
A domestic abuse complaint sparked the evacuation of some tenants in a downtown apartment complex Sunday after responding police said they found a suspected illicit drug lab in a bedroom, Winooski police and fire officials reported.
A domestic abuse complaint sparked the evacuation.
CARLTON goalsneak Eddie Betts will have a precautionary scan today after straining a hamstring against Adelaide on Saturday.
Eddie Betts will have a scan after straining a hamstring.
Italian producer Dino De Laurentiis, who produced over 500 films throughout his robust career, died last night at the age of 91.
Dino De Laurentiis, who produced, died at the age of 91.
A Des Plaines man was fatally shot Friday night in what police describe as a dispute between rival gang members, Des Plaines police confirmed.
A Des Plaines man was fatally shot.
Mexican authorities have discovered 219 migrants squeezed into a trailer truck in the southern state of Chiapas.
Mexican authorities have discovered 219 migrants squeezed into a truck.
Two thirds of tenants living in privately renter housing believe that they will be unlikely to buy their own home with in nth next five years.
Two thirds of tenants believe they will be unlikely to buy with in next five years.
Former Director, ICRIER, Rajiv Kumar who joined FICCI as Director General on Wednesday.
Director, ICRIER, Rajiv Kumar who joined FICCI as General.
Former Gov. Louie B. Nunn accused his son, Steve, of abusing him and other family members, including Steve's first wife, and threatened to have him arrested if the abuse continued, according to a letter placed in a court file in 1995.
Louie B. Nunn accused his son, Steve, of abusing him and other family members.
MultiCell Technologies, Inc. announced today that it has been granted a European patent covering certain of its therapeutic candidates for the treatment of cancer.
MultiCell Technologies Inc. has been granted a European patent covering certain of its candidates for the treatment of cancer.
Canada posted a surprise trade surplus in November for the second time in three months, as shipments of energy products, cars and precious metals drove exports to the highest level in nearly three years and imports dropped.
Canada posted a surprise trade surplus in November.
A major 7.9 earthquake hit the sea area east of the Philippines on Friday and a tsunami warning was issued for the Philippines, Indonesia, Taiwan and Japan, US seismologists said, cited by AFP.
A major 7.9 earthquake hit east of the Philippines.
The US government could review visa applications of baseball players merely suspected of doping, a spokesman for the US embassy in this Caribbean nation said Wednesday.
The US government could review visa applications of baseball players suspected of doping.
Gem Diamonds has found a 185 carat rough white diamond at the Letšeng mine in Lesotho.
Gem Diamonds has found a 185 carat white diamond at the Letšeng mine.
New London voters Tuesday approved a $14.6 million bond issue to build a new football stadium and other buildings and renovations at West Rusk High School.
London voters approved a $ 14.6 million bond issue.
Gov. Bobby Jindal has declared a state of emergency for the state of Louisiana as Tropical Storm Debby approaches the coast.
Bobby Jindal has declared a state of emergency for the state of Louisiana.
LEADING Rome fashion designer Fausto Sarli, who made dresses worn by Elizabeth Taylor, Monica Bellucci and Carla Bruni, died in hospital in the Italian capital on Thursday.
Fausto Sarli, who made died.
As the Democrats meet for their convention and make the pitch to the American people for even more government, the national debt has now topped $16 trillion.
The national debt has now topped $ 16 trillion.
Silver prices plunged by Rs 274 or 0.98 per cent to Rs 27,690 per kg in futures market on offloading by speculators after a weakening global trend.
Silver prices plunged to Rs 27,690 per kg.
Stone Sour have confirmed full details of their new album 'House Of Gold \u0026 Bones Part 1' and have also announced a brand new set of UK tour dates.
Stone Sour have confirmed full details of their album House Of Gold \u0026 Bones Part 1 and have announced a new set of UK tour dates.
Robert Pattinson shoots his new romantic drama, Remember Me, outside of New York University in New York City.
Robert Pattinson shoots his new romantic drama, Remember Me.
Minimum temperature fell sharply by about three degrees Celsius in most parts of Punjab and Haryana today as the mercury slipped below normal in the region aggravating cold conditions in the plains.
Minimum temperature fell in parts of Punjab and Haryana.
Benchmark crude for July delivery fell nearly 3 percent, or $2.07, to $69.97 a barrel on Monday on the New York Mercantile Exchange as the dollar gained strength.
Crude fell as the dollar gained strength.
Turkmen President Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedov has reprimanded heads of a number of Ashgabat districts ``for weakening control over improvement and cleaning of territories within districts under their supervision.''
Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedov has reprimanded heads of a number of Ashgabat districts.
Information reaching the Daily Guide newspaper from Sankore in the Asunafo South District of the Brong Ahafo Region indicates that a man believed to be in his 40s has shot himself.
A man has shot himself.
For a sequence in his upcoming film Rockstar, actor Ranbir Kapoor visited a red light area and serenaded the sex workers with his song and guitar playing.
Ranbir Kapoor visited and serenaded the sex workers.
The euro zone's economic recovery slowed in March, according to a survey of purchasing managers at manufacturers and service providers.
The euro zone's recovery slowed.
Iran successfully fired a home-built satellite rocket, Kavoshgar 3, carrying an ``experimental capsule,'' state-owned Al-Alam television reported today.
Iran fired a satellite rocket.
Eastman Chemical Co. is expanding CHDM capacity by 25 percent at its Kingsport site.
Eastman Chemical Co. is expanding CHDM capacity by 25 percent.
A NORTH East ecologist is putting some bite into his business, with the launch of new reptile training courses.
A NORTH East ecologist is putting, with the launch of reptile training courses.
and 10-year-old Little League baseball tournament Saturday in Brewton for Brewton and Escambia County's all stars, Escambia County edged out Brewton 7-5.
Escambia County edged out Brewton 7.
Raven Symone has been outed as a lesbian by a national US magazine, and is said to be dating one of Tyra Banks friends and contestant on America's Next Top Model.
Raven Symone has been outed as a lesbian by a magazine.
Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar on Wednesday said Pakistan desires a genuine interaction with India in order to maintain cooperative relations.
Pakistan desires a genuine interaction with India.
07:06 PM,Jun 24,2012 Chandigarh, June 24 Torrid heatwave swept Punjab and Haryana today with the maximum temperature settling upto five notches above normal at some places in the two states.
07:06 PM Torrid heatwave swept Punjab and Haryana.
Despite their fondness for PDAs, Matt Smith is said to have dumped girlfriend Daisy Lowe after 18 months together.
Matt Smith is said to have dumped girlfriend Daisy Lowe.
Mobile chip manufacturers Qualcomm suggest that mobile phone devices will be able to accommodate Xbox 360 \u0026 PS3 quality graphics by 2013.
Mobile phone devices will be able to accommodate Xbox 360 \u0026 PS3 quality graphics by 2013.
The power of positive thinking paid off for Holyoke, which won its first high school golf match this season, a 258-265 verdict Thursday over Chicopee Comprehensive.
Holyoke won its first golf match this season.
Chevron Corp. is raising its quarterly dividend by 4.6 percent to 68 cents a share from 65 cents a share.
Chevron Corp. is raising its quarterly dividend by 4.6 percent.
An accountant has been convicted for his role in a $40 million Ponzi scheme that defrauded investors in North Carolina, Virginia and Ohio.
An accountant has been convicted for his role in a $ 40 million Ponzi scheme.
Mozambique declared a state of emergency to help citizens fleeing attacks against foreigners in South Africa, warning on Friday that the ``exodus will worsen'' as thousands are still housed in makeshift camps awaiting transport back home.
Mozambique declared a state of emergency.
Lille will look to get their bid for a finish in Ligue 1's European positions back on track when they take on mid-table Nice at the Stade Metropole tomorrow.
Lille will look to get back on track.
The US dollar continued to lose ground against the euro in Asian trade yesterday as signs of an improvement in the ailing US economy encouraged traders to take more risk.
The US dollar continued to lose against the euro in Asian trade.
The court in Amsterdam has ruled that Morgan the Orca will have to stay in the Netherlands for the time being.
Morgan the Orca will have to stay in the Netherlands.
Sri Lanka will revert to their original plan as the opener Tillakaratne Dilshan has regained full fitness before the first cricket test against India starting today in Ahmedabad.
Sri Lanka will revert to their original plan.
The earnings link which gives Irish public service pensioners the same payment increases as the current occupiers of their pre-retirement positions, was worth €1.8bn in 2006-2011, according to IBEC, the employers' body.
The earnings link which gives Irish public service pensioners the increases, was worth € 1.8bn in 2006 2011.
It's decision day in Edo State today, as about 1.6 million voters file out to determine who will govern the state in the next four years.
It's decision day in Edo State.
Two women charged in connection with the starvation death of a 4-year-old boy may plead guilty Tuesday if they can avoid the death penalty, court officials said.
Two women charged in connection with the starvation death may plead guilty.
A winter weather advisory was extended until midnight for Warren and Saratoga counties.
A winter weather advisory was extended until midnight.
The Samaria Gorge on the island of Crete on Thursday opened for visitors at its southern entrance at Aghia Roumeli for the first two kilometres of its length.
The Samaria Gorge on the island of Crete opened for visitors.
Actel Corporation today announced it received a coveted supplier award from Mitsubishi Electric Corporation, a prime contractor on many of Japan's most important space programs.
Actel Corporation received a supplier award from Mitsubishi Electric Corporation.
A RENTON pensioner has lost a four figure sum of cash after falling prey to a foreign lottery scam.
A pensioner has lost a four figure sum after falling to a lottery scam.
Chemicals maker DuPont Co said it would cut another 2,000 jobs as part of its cost-cutting plan and take a $340 million to $390 million charge in the second quarter.
DuPont Co would cut another 2,000 jobs and take a charge.
An IDF officer with the rank of a major from Southern Command is suspected of heading a drug ring in southern Israel.
An IDF officer is suspected of heading a drug ring.
Backstreet Boys star AJ McLean is set to marry in December after postponing his wedding following his stint in rehab earlier this year.
AJ McLean is set to marry in December.
A British cultural organization accused Russian authorities on Wednesday of harassing its staff and said it had temporarily closed its offices in St. Petersburg.
A British cultural organization accused Russian authorities of harassing its staff.
Sudan and South Sudan have reached a deal on border security and oil production that will allow oil exports from South Sudan through Sudan to resume.
Sudan and South Sudan have reached a deal on border security and oil production.
Community groups have backed a proposed NSW human rights bill that seeks to guarantee a range of rights and freedoms for every citizen.
Community groups have backed a NSW rights bill.
A federal grand jury has indicted three people for their alleged roles in the robbery of an Albertville bank.
A federal grand jury has indicted three people.
Taliban has freed four local advisers out of seven abducted a week ago from Mamond Agency.
Taliban has freed four local advisers.
PIXIE Lott is heading for Hollywood and she's taking her dad with her.
PIXIE Lott is heading for Hollywood.
A Centralia man was injured in a two car crash at Kell and Maple Streets in Centralia early Monday night.
A man was injured in a two car crash in Centralia.
A SUNY New Paltz police officer will be honored tonight at the annual Police Chiefs Association of Ulster County for saving a student's life last year.
A SUNY New Paltz officer will be honored for saving a student's life.
The euro touched near one month highs against the dollar yesterday helping to lift sterling to three month highs against the US dollar despite the weaker than expected labour statistics and dovish BoE minutes.
The euro touched near one month highs against the dollar.
West Lafayette police are investigating a report of rape, according to an email sent out by the University.
West Lafayette police are investigating a report of rape.
Federal Minister for overseas Pakistanis Dr. Farooq Sattar has stated that youth of our country possesses all the capabilities to build a prosperous future of Pakistan.
Youth possesses to build a prosperous future.
Utah Congressman Jim Matheson is co-sponsoring new legislation aimed at saving pet owners money.
Jim Matheson is co-sponsoring legislation aimed at saving pet owners money.
The Venezuelan economy shrank by 5.8% in the last three months of 2009 compared with year earlier, the country's central bank has announced.
The Venezuelan economy shrank by 5.8%.
Bills WR David Nelson did more at practice Tuesday and RT Erik Pears saw his most extensive work in over a week.
David Nelson did more.
A probe into a fatal crash that killed a Sault Ste. Marie woman in Michigan continues.
A probe into a fatal crash continues.
Jennifer Jason Leigh will be lighting up ``Weeds'' next season.
Jennifer Jason Leigh will be lighting up Weeds.
Two dead whales that washed up on shore in the Netherlands exploded when people tried to dispose of them.
Two dead whales exploded.
R\u0026B singer Rihanna has defended a music video that shows her gunning down a man, saying it is a message of empowerment for girls.
Rihanna has defended a video.
Dog owners need to step up and take more responsibility for their pets in order to prevent attacks, says Local Government Minister Rodney Hide.
Dog owners need to step up and take more responsibility.
India's home minister P Chidambaram held a detailed review of the ongoing anti-Maoist operations in Jharkhand on Friday.
P Chidambaram held a review of the anti-Maoist operations in Jharkhand.
A Ponte Vedra Beach father is accused of molesting his 9-year-old daughter at a Selena Gomez concert.
A father is accused of molesting his daughter at a concert.
US post rock/metal ensemble ISIS will play dates in both Cork and Dublin this Ocotober.
ISIS will play in Cork and Dublin.
The UK government Friday confirmed it plans to abolish the Audit Commission in a move it says will decentralize power as well as save GBP50 million a year.
The UK government confirmed it plans to abolish the Audit Commission.
The Oakland Raiders have promoted offensive line coach Tom Cable to interim head coach.
The Oakland Raiders have promoted Tom Cable to interim coach.
Lindsay Lohan admits she was ``irresponsible,'' but now she's better and will do what it takes to get her career back.
Lindsay Lohan admits she was irresponsible.
Interim boss Koopman has more or less kept faith with the same group since taking over earlier this season, but made changes for the midweek KNVB Beker match against Willem II.
Koopman has, but made changes.
Duke Energy, an energy utilities company engaged in electricity, gas and commercial power, has appointed Ginny Mackin as senior vice president and chief communications officer.
Duke Energy, has appointed as senior vice president.
Hotel guests in Abu Dhabi increased 16% in the first 11 months of the year to 1,903,888, according to reports.
Hotel guests in Abu Dhabi increased 16% in the first 11 months, according to reports.
Missouri City police investigated a burglary, a report of vandalism and a theft on Monday.
Missouri City police investigated a burglary, and a theft.
Conservative activist Paul Weyrich, who coined the phrase ``moral majority'' and helped turn social conservatives into a powerful force in the Republican Party, died today.
Conservative activist Paul Weyrich died.
Six people died in separate incidents in different parts of the city on Wednesday.
Six people died in separate incidents.
The US Minerals Management Service reports that personnel are still evacuated from 71 production platforms in the US Gulf of Mexico following Hurricanes Gustav and Ike, a number that has remained unchanged since last week.
Personnel are still evacuated from 71 platforms in the US Gulf of Mexico.
Martin Kaymer held on to win the Abu Dhabi Golf Championship by four strokes Sunday despite struggling to a 2-over 74.
Martin Kaymer held on to win the Abu Dhabi Golf Championship by four strokes.
An inspired David Villa scored one sublime goal and created another for Andres Iniesta as European champions Spain beat 10-man Chile 2-1 and advanced to the last 16 of the World Cup on Friday.
Spain beat Chile 2 1.
Rezidor opened four new hotels with close to 1,000 rooms, and contracted six new hotels with over 1,400 rooms, in the first quarter.
Rezidor opened four new hotels, and contracted, in the first quarter.
Most US and foreign corporations avoid paying income taxes despite sales they are making.
Corporations avoid paying taxes.
MuleSoft, the Web Middleware Company, today announced Cloudcat, the industry's first cloud service offering of Apache Tomcat.
MuleSoft today announced Cloudcat.
Freddie Mac reports that mortgage rates hit another record low of 4.57% on a 30 year fixed home loan last week.
Mortgage rates hit another record low.
Several Chattanooga-area players will be in the field when the 2008 Chattanooga Classic opens Thursday at the Black Creek Club.
The 2008 Chattanooga Classic opens Thursday at the Black Creek Club.
LINLITHGOW is officially the most beautiful town in Scotland after a national award winning week for the town.
LINLITHGOW is the most beautiful town in Scotland.
How I Changed My Ways and Lost What Weighed Me Down, won't be released until January 10th, 2012, however, the inimitable Michael Musto, columnist for The Village Voice, who has apparently already read, or is currently reading the book, writes on The Village Voice's website today that, in her book, Jennifer Hudson reveals that she was offered the lead role in Lee Daniels' Precious, but turned it down!
Jennifer Hudson reveals she was offered.
Philippine share prices rose 2.58% on Monday as investors snapped up bargain stocks after sharp gains on Wall Street and a decline in world oil prices.
Philippine share prices rose 2.58%.
QuintessenceLabs, the leader in quantum communications technology for networking, communications, national security and defence, announces partnership with Lockheed Martin Corporation to develop applications of Quantum Key Distribution for markets in Australia and the United States.
QuintessenceLabs announces partnership with Lockheed Martin Corporation.
Fifa has ruled out using extra match officials during the 2010 World Cup in South Africa next summer.
Fifa has ruled out using extra officials.
A former Texas minister is sentenced to 65 years in prison for killing his wife and trying to cover it up as a suicide.
A minister is sentenced to 65 years in prison for killing his wife.
The late civil rights leader Richard Chavez was remembered Sunday with an overnight vigil in the South Valley.
The leader Richard Chavez was remembered.
EU Finance ministers backed new rules for hedge funds and private equity groups on Tuesday, spelling defeat for Britain's new coalition government at its first European Union meeting.
EU Finance ministers backed new rules for hedge funds.
A Gate City man was arrested Tuesday and charged with unlawful entry and possession of drug paraphernalia.
A Gate City man was arrested and charged with unlawful entry.
Wales make three changes from the side which beat England at Twickenham when Scotland visit the Millennium Stadium on Saturday.
Wales make three changes which beat Scotland visit.
A Christchurch surfer had to be rescued today after a rip swept him out to sea during a surfing competition in Dunedin, police said.
A Christchurch surfer had to be rescued.
An Orange County deputy was injured Tuesday morning after responding to a fight between a man and woman.
An Orange County deputy was injured.
Noida authority on Wednesday sealed two premises at sector 34 in Noida for running commercial activities in the residential area, officials said.
Authority sealed two premises in Noida.
Donald Trump has admitted he wants Lindsay Lohan...for ``Celebrity Apprentice'' in the fall of this year, according to the New York Post.
Donald Trump has admitted he wants Lindsay Lohan for Celebrity Apprentice.
Cheryl Cole has moved out of her marital home in Surrey because of speculation about her husband Ashley.
Cheryl Cole has moved out of her marital home.
The Government will target uninsured drivers and improve skills among the young as it attempts to cut soaring insurance costs.
The Government will target uninsured drivers.
Indian shares slipped 0.2 percent in narrow trade on Tuesday, as investors held back from taking positions ahead of companies' quarterly results that start next week, amid concerns in overseas markets of another global recession.
Indian shares slipped in narrow trade.
Millsaps Tuesday announced an acting president to serve from mid-August until the next president is chosen.
Millsaps Tuesday announced an acting president.
President Obama signed into law an $858 billion tax bill Friday that extends tax cuts and unemployment insurance benefits throughout next year.
Obama signed an tax bill that extends cuts and unemployment insurance benefits.
After donning the hats of actor, director, producer and TV presenter, south star Prakash Raj is turning scriptwriter.
Prakash Raj is turning scriptwriter.
A large brush fire is burning near Buckeye and officials say it's grown to nearly 200 acres.
A large brush fire is burning near Buckeye.
Cardinal Marc Ouellet said he was ``relieved'' he wasn't chosen Pope by his fellow Cardinals during this week's conclave.
Marc Ouellet said he was relieved he wasn't chosen Pope.
The Parliament has passed the request to extend the permission to conduct military operations in Northern Iraq against the Kurdish Workers Party guerillas for one more year.
The Parliament has passed the request to extend the permission to conduct military operations in Northern Iraq.
New Delhi/ Ghaziabad, August 14 BJP today slammed Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for his reply to social activist Anna Hazare over indefinite fast permission.
BJP today slammed Manmohan Singh for his reply to Anna Hazare.
Australian electricity distributors CitiPower and Powercor Australia have rapidly expanded use of HP Quality Centre for testing business applications used to deliver energy supplies to customers across Victoria, according to the companies' CSA assurance team leader, Fiona Hocking.
CitiPower and Powercor Australia have expanded use of HP Quality Centre.
Pharmaceuticals giant AstraZeneca is to sell its dental unit Astra Tech for £1.1bn to rival US implant company Dentsply.
AstraZeneca is to sell its dental unit Astra Tech for £ 1.1bn to rival Dentsply.
We Americans fear the reelection of Barack Obama more than anything else we can imagine.
Americans fear the reelection of Barack Obama more than anything.
Canberra-based sprinter Heath Francis has claimed another gold on the track for Australia at the Paralympics in the 400 metre arm amputee class.
Heath Francis has claimed another gold.
Pakistan is likely to import vegetables from India due to shortage caused by rains and floods in Sindh, a market representative said on Saturday.
Pakistan is likely to import vegetables from India.
A train tragedy was averted near Mandi Gobindgarh railway station in this district today, after a railway employee noticed a breach on the railway line.
A train tragedy was averted near Mandi Gobindgarh station.
Actor Johnny Depp surprised his fans at a special advance screening of his film 'The Lone Ranger' in Oklahoma.
Johnny Depp surprised his fans.
Two very short priced favorites proved victorious in the brace of eliminations for the Joseph Carney Memorial Trot at Rockingham Park on Sunday and will move on to the race's $50,000 Final at The Rock one week later.
Two short priced favorites proved victorious.
Keith Caputo, singer with soon-to-be-defunct metal outfit Life of Agony, has revealed he is to undergo gender reassignment surgery.
Keith Caputo, singer with Life of Agony, has revealed he is to undergo gender reassignment surgery.
The Minnesota State Historical Society says the 26 museums and historic sites will reopen to the public on Saturday now that the state budget impasse has been resolved.
The 26 museums and historic sites will reopen on Saturday.
Hollywood actor Charlie Sheen will return to the sets of comedy show 'Two and a Half Men' after he completes his stint in rehab for a cocaine and alcohol problem.
Charlie Sheen will return to the sets of show Two and a Half Men.
European entrepreneurs have a tough time accepting failure.
Entrepreneurs have a time accepting failure.
Lamar Hunt family enter senior housing markets with four new assisted living developments in Missouri.
Lamar Hunt family enter senior housing markets.
A 35-year-old South Hadley man was arrested on Tuesday for the alleged armed robbery of a Holyoke liquor store.
A South Hadley man was arrested for the armed robbery of a Holyoke liquor store.
France and Brazil on Saturday presented a joint document -- a ``climate bible'' -- which urges countries, and the United States and China in particular, to make significant concessions at next month's UN climate conference in Copenhagen.
France and Brazil presented a document -- a climate bible.
Health care benefits scaled back for future part-time Wal-Mart employees.
Health care benefits scaled.
French mobile and broadband operator SFR has launched the BlackBerry Torch 9810, the upgrade of the 9800 model running BlackBerry OS 7, reports Echos du Net.
SFR has launched the BlackBerry Torch 9810.
Hendersonville's WTZQ 1600 AM will broadcast prep football games this fall and is considering broadcasting prep basketball games in the winter.
Hendersonville's WTZQ 1600 AM will broadcast prep football games.
AP National Video The Chiba Lotte Marines defeated the Chunichi Dragons 8-7 Sunday to win the Japan Series in seven games.
Chiba Lotte Marines defeated to win the Japan Series.
The Wisconsin Senate has approved a ban on sending text messages while driving -- but they reduced the penalties the Assembly wanted to impose.
The Wisconsin Senate has approved a ban on sending text messages while driving.
Animal authorities in Wales said a 6-foot-tall emu that wandered onto a golf course evaded capture for most of a day.
A emu wandered onto a golf course.
Former presidential hopeful Mike Huckabee told supporters that he may run again for president in 2012 during a teleconference with supporters on Thursday.
Mike Huckabee may run again in 2012.
China will launch a two-month campaign beginning the middle of this month, to crack down on ``illegal'' publicity activities on the Internet.
China will launch, to crack down on illegal publicity activities on the Internet.
― The former chief executive of the candy and pet-food company Mars Inc. has donated $4.5 million to help Colonial Williamsburg build a replica of the blacksmith shop and armory that was used in 1776.
Colonial Williamsburg build a replica of the blacksmith shop.
Police divers will join the search for missing Balclutha woman Shelley Marie Carson in the Clutha River and along its banks near the South Otago town today.
Police divers will join the search.
Veteran actor and BJP leader Shatrughan Sinha underwent bypass surgery at a city hospital on Monday and would continue to stay there for a few days.
Shatrughan Sinha underwent bypass surgery.
Carl Icahn is returning all outside money from his $7 billion hedge fund firm Icahn Capital because the activist investor doesn't want to be responsible for losing other people's money if there's another financial crisis, according to a letter he sent to clients.
Carl Icahn is returning all outside money from his hedge fund firm.
The Vigilante Group of Nigeria, is to employ about one million youths under its Community Service Project Initiative.
The Vigilante Group, is to employ about one million youths.
President Barack Obama, an avid basketball fan, is taking British Prime Minister David Cameron to an NCAA Tournament game in Ohio, showing off one of America's most popular sporting events.
Barack Obama is taking David Cameron to an NCAA Tournament game.
Bank of India, a state-run lender, began reviewing loans to companies named by federal investigators in a bribery and improper credit disbursal probe, Chairman and Managing Director Alok Kumar Misra said.
Bank of India began reviewing loans to companies named and probe, said.
A 30-year-old woman has suffered a serious sexual assault near an underpass in Southampton.
A woman has suffered a serious sexual assault.
Secretary of State John Kerry said on Tuesday he would meet members of the Syrian opposition in London later this week, adding that Washington was looking to provide more help to opponents of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
John Kerry would meet members of the Syrian opposition in London.
A two-alarm fire burned one half of a Rogers duplex in the 800 block of South 21st Street Friday morning.
A fire burned one half of a Rogers duplex.
STOCKS to watch on the Australian stock exchange at close on Tuesday: up seven cents at $37.17 down four cents at $1.595 up nine cents at $66.15 steady at 93 cents The wild weather from ex-tropical cyclone Oswald could prompt a further rise in the price of coal.
STOCKS to watch at close on Tuesday : could prompt.
A burn ban remains in effect in Pottawatomie, Lincoln and Seminole counties because of the continuing threat of wildfires.
A burn ban remains in effect in Pottawatomie, Lincoln and Seminole counties.
US Bancorp has reported first quarter earnings of $669 million or 34 cents per share, in line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate.
US Bancorp has reported, in line.
mDemocratic vice presidential nominee Joe Biden said Thursday that he will vigorously challenge Republican Sarah Palin on the issues, but will refrain from personal attacks.
Joe Biden will vigorously challenge Sarah Palin on the issues.
Barcelona boss Pep Guardiola insists the title is not sewn up after their draw at Real Madrid .
Barcelona boss Pep Guardiola insists the title is not sewn.
The former treasurer for three Federal Way youth sports leagues was sentenced Friday to 30 days in jail and ordered to pay nearly $34,000 in restitution for embezzling funds from the leagues.
The former treasurer for three Federal Way youth sports leagues was sentenced.
Republican gubernatorial candidate Dan Maes is counting on tea party support during a gubernatorial debate in southern Colorado.
Dan Maes is counting on tea party support.
``While I appreciate the efforts of my colleagues to bring down the price tag of this bill, the fact is we still face a trillion dollar spending bill. Making it worse, the bill is 93% spending and only 7% stimulation. Over the past few days I have fought to include more in the way of real stimulus through higher percentage of infrastructure and defense spending, while working to cut much of the typical government waste often found in a bill of this size. Yet Democrats have blocked these efforts.
The bill is 93% spending and only 7% stimulation. Over the days I have fought.
AN elderly man has drowned in a swimming pool on the Sunshine Coast this morning.
AN man has drowned in a swimming pool.
The state unemployment rate dropped to 7.7 percent in December, down from 7.9 percent the month before, according to a report issued by the Department of Workforce Services.
The unemployment rate dropped to 7.7 percent in December.
Shepherd is the second UK hurler to be named a first-team summer league All-American in the last two years, as junior right-hander Trevor Gott was tabbed as a first-team closer after leading the Cape Cod League in saves in 2011.
Shepherd is the UK hurler to be named a summer league All-American.
Two suspicious devices that prompted the evacuation of thousands of students in Vancouver were found not to contain explosives.
Two suspicious devices were found not to contain explosives.
Kevin Garnett will eventually have offseason right knee surgery to remove a bone spur in the same knee that has him sidelined indefinitely due to a strained tendon.
Kevin Garnett will eventually have knee surgery.
An inter-state criminal carrying a cash reward of Rs 15,000 was today arrested in an encounter in Bairia area, a senior officer said.
An inter-state criminal was today arrested in an encounter.
Former first lady Jenny Sanford wants to expand the porch of her beachfront home on the South Carolina coast.
Jenny Sanford wants to expand the porch.
The United States said on Saturday it would cut military aid to Rwanda for this year because of evidence by UN experts that Kigali was supporting rebels in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The United States would cut military aid to Rwanda.
British brainbox Stephen Hawking has told Sky news that he has been banned from taking part in Robot wars.
Stephen Hawking has been banned from taking in Robot wars.
Australia captain Ricky Ponting remains confident of being fit to play Pakistan in the Boxing Day Test, but the selectors face a decision over which pacemen to play in Melbourne.
Ricky Ponting remains confident of being fit.
The last line expresses well the idea life can change in a moment.
The life can change in a moment.
Amazon.com Inc. today announced its picks for best music of 2011.
Amazon.com Inc. today announced for best music of 2011.
Islamabad, Dec 25 Against the backdrop of a row between Pakistan''s civilian government and military over a memo alleging an army plot to seize power, President Asif Ali Zardari today asked people not to allow any change through ``force and intimidation''.
Asif Ali Zardari today asked people not to allow any change through force.
Luxury accessories label Anya Hindmarch has sold a minority stake to a private Qatari investment group.
Anya Hindmarch has sold a minority stake.
Citigroup downgrades Genzyme downgraded from Buy to Hold but raises their price target from $64 to $76.
Citigroup downgrades Genzyme downgraded to Hold.
A red phone box in a Gloucestershire village has been turned into a lending library by local residents.
A phone box in a Gloucestershire village has been turned into a library.
One of NASCAR's most storied race teams gave up majority control Wednesday when a private equity firm took over Petty Enterprises.
A equity firm took over Petty Enterprises.
The Rev. Al Sharpton took Caroline Kennedy to lunch Thursday at a famed Harlem soul food restaurant as she continued her quest to join her uncle in the US Senate.
The Al Sharpton took Caroline Kennedy to lunch at a Harlem restaurant.
President Georgi Parvanov is responsible for the management of the Cabinet in the last four years, leader of Ataka political party Volen Siderov said.
Georgi Parvanov is responsible for the management of the Cabinet in the last four years.
Champagne can be good for your heart, a new British study reveals.
Champagne can be good, a study reveals.
Accor is to rebrand its economy hotels, Denis Hennequin, chairman and chief executive, told the Financial Times, as Europe's largest hotels group by number of rooms attempts to assert a new identity after a period of restructuring.
Accor is to rebrand its economy hotels.
A 28-year old youth in Desai Faliya of Fanasvada village in Valsad district committed suicide by consuming pesticide on Saturday night.
A youth committed suicide.
Busy bee Neetu Chandra has said no problem to the glamour shots and action stunts required of her by Anees Basmee in his new film of the same name that has just finished a shoot in South Africa.
Neetu Chandra has said no problem to the shots required of her.
The EURUSD is triggering stops below the 200 hour MA at the 1.2538 level and looks next toward the 1.2515.
The EURUSD is triggering stops below the 200 hour MA.
National Presto Industries is paying its annual dividend early, given the uncertainty over federal tax rates, the company said Friday.
National Presto Industries is paying its annual dividend early.
``Russia is ready to move towards easing the visa regime with the European Union, with Germany, as quickly as our partners are ready for this,'' Medvedev said during the Petersburg Dialogue forum in the German city of Hannover.
Russia is ready to move towards easing the visa regime with the European Union, Medvedev said.
Spanish actor Javier Bardem flirted with Brad Pitt so he could get him a job.
Javier Bardem flirted with Brad Pitt so he could get a job.
A BOOK editor died of smoke inhalation after bedding in his flat came into contact with the front of an unguarded gas fire, an inquest heard.
A BOOK editor died of smoke inhalation.
Indian cricket captain, Mahendra Singh Dhoni on Wednesday said that the team has to think beyond security concerns.
The team has to think beyond security concerns.
Curtainshop Online, a Lancaster based online shop for home improvement products, introduces new range of ready made curtains by Rectella.
Curtainshop Online, a online shop, introduces new range of ready made curtains.
Former UFC fighter Maiquel Falcao has suffered a stroke and remains hospitalized in Brazil, according to Tatame.
Maiquel Falcao has suffered a stroke and remains hospitalized in Brazil.
I m going to buy a byk .........but m confused between power or mileage.............
I m going to buy a byk....
A SIX-YEAR-OLD minor girl drowned in a canal near Hamza Town in Kahna police limits on Sunday.
A girl drowned in a canal.
Manchester United will kick off their title defence away to West Bromwich Albion on August 13, the Premier League said on Friday.
Manchester United will kick off their title defence to West Bromwich Albion.
The Hindu Rights Action Force leader insisted on Sunday that his Malaysian passport was revoked though the government stated otherwise.
His passport was revoked.
Mohegan Sun at Pocono Downs is cutting managers' pay, but the cuts won't be as drastic as at the casino in Connecticut.
Mohegan Sun is cutting managers ' pay.
Facebook is doing what it can to combat a particularly nasty rumor today, telling the BBC that private messages never appeared on public timelines like some users have claimed.
Facebook is doing, telling private messages never appeared on timelines.
Two years after blocking access to the website due to material deemed insulting to the country's founder, Turkey has lifted its ban on YouTube.
Turkey has lifted its ban on YouTube.
FedEx Express, a subsidiary of FedEx and an express transportation company, has expanded its international shipping portfolio to provide customers with more choices and reach when shipping packages and freight worldwide.
FedEx Express has expanded its international shipping portfolio.
Macquarie Street met the Mountains when a contingent of Blue Mountains, Lithgow and Oberon Tourism representatives attended a 'Meet the Minister' function at State Parliament on Tuesday, August 21.
Macquarie Street met the Mountains.
Top US lawmakers vowed tough action on Iran as tensions mounted ahead of a late deadline for negotiations and amid speculation Israel may launch a pre-emptive strike.
US lawmakers vowed tough action on Iran.
Canadaâ€™s premier roots-rock band Blue Rodeo heads to Nova Scotia for a pair of special shows this summer.
Blue Rodeo heads to Nova Scotia.
Sevilla lost Frederic Kanoute for three weeks on Monday after the Mali striker injured his calf while away on international duty.
Sevilla lost Frederic Kanoute for three weeks.
A woman who crashed into an electrical box Wednesday morning was flown to a hospital with possible life threatening injuries, Mesa officials said.
A woman who crashed into an electrical box was flown, officials said.
``Fiji will be at the Rugby World Cup and will have a competitive team,'' Miller told a press conference in Paris on Thursday.
Fiji will be at the Rugby World Cup.
Carjackers drove their victim several blocks in his own car, then dropped him off and sped away, Colorado Springs police are reporting Thursday morning.
Carjackers drove their victim several blocks.
In what may be an unspoken admission that their playoff chances are history, the Minnesota Twins traded outfielder Delmon Young to division rival Detroit for a minor league pitcher.
In what may be an unspoken admission their playoff chances are history, the Minnesota Twins traded.
Dollar funding rates remained unchanged in Asia on Tuesday.
Dollar funding rates remained unchanged.
A person with knowledge of the deal told The Associated Press early Monday morning that the Jets agreed to terms on a four-year contract with Antonio Cromartie, keeping the cornerback in New York.
The Jets agreed to terms on a contract with Antonio Cromartie.
When I talk about Matt Kenseth making all the right moves, that is not only what he did on Sunday at Las Vegas Motor Speedway getting his first win of the season, but actually more so the moves he made in the offseason.
I talk about Matt Kenseth making the right moves.
Golden Star Resources Ltd. comments on recent market activity concerning the company's common share trading volumes and price.
Golden Star Resources Ltd. comments on recent market activity.
Iron ore producer Ferrexpo said pellet output fell 2.6 percent in the first quarter from the last quarter of 2008 because of adverse weather conditions in January.
Ferrexpo said pellet output fell.
A Mesa woman has been accused of child abuse for allegedly leaving her child in a park for four hours to have sex with two men.
A Mesa woman has been accused for leaving her child in a park.
President Barack Obama plans to nominate White House lawyer Donald Verrilli as solicitor general, filling a vacancy left by Elena Kagan when she became a Supreme Court justice last year, The Wall Street Journal reported Monday.
Barack Obama plans to nominate White House lawyer Donald Verrilli as solicitor general.
San Francisco tour buses could be banned from traveling down portions of North Beach.
Tour buses could be banned from traveling down portions of North Beach.
Lakers center Dwight Howard is expected to play Sunday against Detroit after making a quick trip to Los Angeles for a minor shoulder procedure.
Dwight Howard is expected to play Sunday.
After nearly six years in the making, Remedy's psychological horror title Alan Wake has finally gone gold and is on track for its May release date.
Alan Wake has gone gold.
Plants could be slapped with pollution taxes a year from now for wastewater discharges and noxious emissions, the Fiscal Policy Office said yesterday.
Plants could be slapped with pollution taxes.
Oscar--nominated actor Pete Postlethwaite, a craggy--faced British character actor described by director Steven Spielberg as ``the best actor in the world,'' has died at age 64 after a long battle with cancer.
Oscar -- nominated actor Pete Postlethwaite -- faced, has died at age 64.
Two people were killed in separate Sunday morning traffic accidents in Jefferson County, Chief Deputy Coroner Pat Curry said this morning.
Two people were killed in Sunday morning accidents.
Governor-elect Haslam will walk with parade units from across the state featuring college and high school bands, service organizations, community volunteers, and other groups that highlight Tennessee's unique strengths, history, and future.
Haslam will walk with parade units from across the state.
First warning weather, 6/16/10, 6p
First warning weather.
A man who went for a swim in a pond in Manali found a bag containing used ammunition on Monday.
A man who went for a swim found a bag containing ammunition.
A Williams woman was arrested in Yolo County on Sunday for possession of stolen property.
A Williams woman was arrested.
One of Australia's most famous Merino and Poll Merino studs, Collinsville, sold rams to $8000, averaging $1188, during its on-property sale on Tuesday at its Mount Bryan sale complex.
One, Collinsville, sold rams to $ 8000.
A report was released this week by Public Citizen which found that Minnesota was the worst at disciplining doctors.
Minnesota was the worst at disciplining doctors.
Adele is pregnant with her first child, she announced Friday on her website.
Adele is pregnant.
Victoria, BC - A referendum on borrowing money to either refurbish or replace Victoria's Johnson Street Bridge likely will be held in late November.
Victoria - A referendum on borrowing to refurbish or replace Victoria's Johnson Street Bridge likely will be held in November.
A 71-foot, $3.5 million yacht moored in Daytona Beach has been destroyed by fire.
A $ 3.5 million yacht has been destroyed by fire.
Winds gusts of more than 50 mph on Monday blew over several building trusses at the construction site of the Donna L. Vanier Children Center, 155 N. Oakdale.
Winds gusts blew over trusses at the construction site.
No. 2-ranked Maria Sharapova has withdrawn from the Brisbane International before her opening match after feeling pain in her right collarbone during practice.
Maria Sharapova has withdrawn from the Brisbane International.
More than 2,000 new commercial licences were issued in Abu Dhabi during the first quarter of this year, bringing the number of businesses to 105,953, the Department of Economic Development said in a statement.
More than 2,000 new commercial licences were issued.
FESTIVAL Gardens developer Langtree Group saw sales and profits soar as the property market showed signs of recovery.
Developer Langtree Group saw sales and profits soar.
NEW YORK \u003e\u003e Diet Pepsi is quietly changing its sweetener, with the goal of helping the soda maintain its taste longer.
NEW YORK Diet Pepsi is quietly changing its sweetener.
Walter Smith has backed Ally McCoist to continue the success he has already brought to Rangers when he retires as manager at the end of the forthcoming campaign.
Walter Smith has backed Ally McCoist.
Aug 21 Controversial director Michael Moore is back with a bang with his new project ``Capitalism: A Love Story.''
Michael Moore is back with a bang with his project Capitalism : A Love Story.
The Professional Contractors Group is planning to hold a seminar, called Marketing Yourself, in Bristol next month.
The Professional Contractors Group is planning to hold a seminar in Bristol.
The town will hold a public hearing Wednesday to discuss extending the public water supply from the city of Middletown to Durham to supply drinking water to properties within the Superfund area, where wells are contaminated or threatened by solvent releases at the Merriam and Durham manufacturing sites.
The town will hold a hearing Wednesday to discuss extending the public water supply to Durham.
Toledo police say they've arrested three men in connection with a home invasion in the 900 block of Harding Drive.
Police 've arrested in connection with a home invasion.
Slovenia's registered unemployment rate rose to 8.4% in March, up 0.2 of a percentage point on the month before, the Statistics Office reported on Monday.
Slovenia's unemployment rate rose to 8.4%.
US Secretary of State has reiterated her earlier remarks that Pakistan must boost taxes on the wealthy and reduce its reliance on foreign aid to recover from the devastating floods.
Pakistan must boost taxes on the wealthy.
It was confirmed by the marketing manager of Xperia X10 that multitouch will not be supported on X10 but a ``inside man'' of mobile.co.uk says that Android 2.1 with multitouch is coming for X10 by September.
Multitouch will not be supported on X10.
Despite an onslaught of rain and ice, a bomb threat and shortages of paper ballots that forced some polls to stay open late, Ohio voters set a record Tuesday for turnout in a primary.
Ohio voters set a record for turnout in a primary.
BBC World is now known as BBC World News, and the old logo for BBC World has given way to the new BBC World News logo.
BBC World is now known as BBC World News.
Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama on Friday congratulated US President Barack Obama for winning the Nobel Peace Prize for 2009, saying he is ''really pleased'' about the news and that he ''wants to congratulate him from the heart.
Yukio Hatoyama congratulated Barack Obama for winning the Nobel Peace Prize.
Consumers should plan for higher fuel, electricity and food price hikes, according to Alon Perlov, managing director of Genesis Advisory Services, as the series of looming price increases will have a serious effect on people's finances and lifestyles.
Consumers should plan for higher fuel, and price hikes.
President Barack Obama on Thursday toured a vehicle test site in Pomona of Los Angeles to stress the need for creating environmentally friendly jobs.
Barack Obama toured a vehicle test site in Pomona of Los Angeles.
A US Peace Corps volunteer was raped at knife-point in central Mozambique, police said on Wednesday, as the US Congress prepared to open hearings into the safety of the agency's volunteers worldwide.
A US Peace Corps volunteer was raped at knife-point in Mozambique, police said.
The wife of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas says she has reached out to Anita Hill, who accused the justice of sexual harassment during confirmation hearings 19 years ago.
The wife of Clarence Thomas says she has reached out to Anita Hill.
Two young children were injured in a car crash outside Tesco Extra in Wellington Street, Slough, yesterday.
Two children were injured in a car crash outside Tesco Extra.
Actress Ashley Tisdale has celebrated her 25 th birthday on the film set of Sharpay's Fabulous Adventure after unable to get time off from making the Disney film.
Ashley Tisdale has celebrated her 25 birthday on the film set.
Texas Tech head coach Billy Gillispie, who has had a history of drunk-driving charges, has quit drinking, according to USA Today.
Texas Tech head coach Billy Gillispie has quit drinking.
Charles, the Prince of Wales, has warned that humanity has just 96 months left to save the world.
Humanity has just 96 months left to save the world.
DHL Express has appointed Garry Kemp as the new area director to the Middle East, North Africa and Turkey, Al-Bawaba News reported.
DHL Express has appointed as the new area director.
The Pope was officially welcomed by the Queen with a ceremony full of pageantry at the start of a tour.
The Pope was welcomed by the Queen.
South Korean regulators are considering taking action against Apple over a growing number of complaints by consumers about bad after-sales service, according to The Korea Times.
South Korean regulators are considering taking action against Apple about.
Mass death of fish has been recorded in the Dnieper river near Nova Kakhovka city of the Kherson Oblast.
Mass death of fish has been recorded in the Dnieper river.
A new cigarette smuggling channel from Kosovo has been busted by customs officers at the Kalotina customs checkpoint, the press office of the National Customs Agency announced.
A new cigarette smuggling channel from Kosovo has been busted by customs officers at the Kalotina customs checkpoint.
West Indies captain Chris Gayle is looking to power his side to success in the second ICC World Twenty20.
Chris Gayle is looking to power.
A line of heavy showers and thunderstorms moved from west to east across Western Massachusetts Saturday night.
A line of showers and thunderstorms moved.
BJ Services Co. said Monday it swung to a fourth-quarter loss of $9.95 million, or 3 cents a share, from net income of $168 million, or 57 cents a share, in the year-ago period.
BJ Services Co. swung to a loss.
President Barack Obama and Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki have placed a wreath by the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington National Cemetery in honor of the thousands of casualties from the Iraq war.
Barack Obama and Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki have placed a wreath at Arlington National Cemetery.
Libya and Brunei are considering sending more peacekeepers to the southern Philippines to safeguard a fragile 2003 cease-fire between government troops and the country's largest Muslim rebel group, a Philippine official said on Tuesday.
Libya and Brunei are considering sending more peacekeepers to the Philippines.
File photo / Associated PressFormer Massachusetts state Sen. Dianne Wilkerson was sentenced to 3 1/2 years in prison for bribery.
Dianne Wilkerson was sentenced to 3 1/2 years in prison for bribery.
The Yankees ninth-inning rally fell short against the Tigers and the ALDS is even at one game apiece with Detroit's 5-3 victory.
The Yankees rally fell short.
At 13:30 hours IST, the Nifty was trading lower amid volatility.
The Nifty was trading lower.
Stocks to watch on the Australian stock exchange at close on Wednesday: up 16 cents at $24.55 ANZ Banking Group has sold its remaining shares in Visa for a gain of $224 million as it moves to improve its capital position.
Stocks to watch at close on Wednesday.
An officer was injured when a police cruiser rammed into a Central City home.
A police cruiser rammed into a home.
Militants attacked two churches in Nigeria yesterday, spraying the congregation of one of them with bullets, killing at least one person, and blowing up a car in a suicide bombing at the other, wounding 41.
Militants attacked two churches in Nigeria.
McAfee, the world's largest security technology company, has warned consumers that ``scareware'', or fake antivirus software, may be the most costly online scam in 2010, causing significant monetary loss and damage to users' computers.
McAfee has warned scareware, or fake antivirus software, may be.
Rewind Festival have confirmed ``Adam Ant and The Good, The Mad \u0026 The Lovely Posse'' as very special guest for both this summer's Rewind Scotland and Rewind Festival.
Rewind Festival have confirmed Adam Ant, as very special guest.
GWYNETH PALTROW has won her first Emmy at the 2011 Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards for her guest role on GLEE.
GWYNETH PALTROW has won her first Emmy.
Hundreds of firefighters are battling a fast-growing wildfire that threatens homes and wineries in California's Napa Valley.
A wildfire threatens homes and wineries in California's Napa Valley.
Twenty-five top US and Canadian travel agents have visited Derry as part of a four-day fact-finding visit to Northern Ireland.
US and travel agents have visited Derry.
Adobe Systems Incorporated announced it has acquired privately held Demdex, a leading data management platform company.
Adobe Systems Incorporated has acquired Demdex.
With the appetite for project financing from the traditional European stalwarts shrinking, sponsors of infrastructure projects in Asia are facing new challenges.
Sponsors of infrastructure projects in Asia are facing new challenges.
A nine-year-old girl has been raped, allegedly by her aunt's boyfriend in Katlehong, Johannesburg police said on Monday.
A girl has been raped, by her aunt's boyfriend.
Regime bombs Damascus road to slow rebels Syrian government jets bombarded the Damascus ring road yesterday in a bid to halt a rebel advance that threatens President Bashar Assad's hold on the capital, insurgent commanders and opposition activists said.
Regime bombs Damascus road to slow rebels jets bombarded.
In a news.com.au reports flight attendants in the USA have revealed what they hate about passengers' behaviour...what do you think....
Flight attendants have revealed what they hate about passengers ' behaviour.
Fulham signed Hungary midfielder Zoltan Gera on a free transfer from West Bromwich Albion on Wednesday, making him Roy Hodgson's third signing since the end of the season.
Fulham signed Zoltan Gera on a free transfer from West Bromwich Albion.
XM just announced two new ``dock \u0026 play`` radios. Both use something called ``PowerConnect'' technology to work through your car's power system. That already sounds complicated to me, but the company promises that installation is easy. The Sirius model, the Stratus 6, supports the company's much-hyped but little used a la carte option, which lets subscribers get only the channels they want for a lower monthly fee. It can also receive the ``Best of XM`` package for an additional monthly fee. The Stratus 6 can store 10 favorites and has a one-touch feature for calling up traffic and weather in one of 20 cities. It also includes a universal docking connector for use in the home, office, or a second car. It will go on sale this fall for $69.99. The XM onyX offers 10 presets and a one-touch feature for calling up traffic and weather in one of 20 cities. Besides XM programming, it can get the ``Best of Sirius'' package for an additional monthly fee. It can be used in the home or office with an additional connector. Look for it this fall for $79.99. It certainly looks like the Sirius model has been given more love: it's $10 cheaper and has more features. That seems par for the course, since Sirius acquired XM in the recent ``merger.`` Still, I'd take the XM onyX any day, since it offers Opie \u0026 Anthony without an additional ``Best Of'' fee. Priorities, people.
XM announced two new dock \u0026 play radios.
South Street in Harrisburg is closed Friday from 9:45 am to 3 pm The street will be shut down from North 2nd Street to North Front Street.
South Street in Harrisburg is closed Friday.
STOMPIN' Dave Allen is going all out at the Square and Compass when he combines all the elements of his manic stage shows on one night for the first time.
STOMPIN ' Dave Allen is going at the Square and Compass.
A Dublin pharmacy student who claims an unfair policy operates in the education system has lost his High Court bid to go to medical school.
A pharmacy student has lost his High Court bid to go to medical school.
SHANIA Twain and her new husband Frederic Thiebaud are hiding their painful struggle with infertility.
SHANIA Twain are hiding their struggle with infertility.
Minnesota Representative Michele Bachmann formally announced her candidacy for the 2012 GOP presidential nomination this morning during an appearance in her birthplace of Waterloo, Iowa.
Michele Bachmann formally announced her candidacy for the 2012 GOP presidential nomination.
Carmaker failure would be catastrophe, GM's Wagoner says;
Carmaker failure would be catastrophe.
Dubai Municipality has been honoured for its renovation of the historic mosques in Shingadha, and Dubai's old souq and Bastakia.
Dubai Municipality has been honoured for its renovation of the mosques.
Pepsi Bottling Group said Monday that it has rejected what it called a ``grossly inadequate'' acquisition offer from PepsiCo.
Pepsi Bottling Group has rejected it called a offer.
Really, they are, says a Pew Research Center survey that asked why people had kids.
Why people had kids.
India and Pakistan held Siachen glacier talks today.Siachen glacier The Siachen glacier is known as the world's highest battlefield.
India and Pakistan held Siachen talks.
Singapore share prices ended flat on Tuesday as the markets await clearer signals from the US Federal Reserve over whether it will provide more economic stimulus.
Singapore share prices ended flat.
HSBC-owned bank First Direct has withdrawn mortgages for new customers to clear a backlog after people flocked to the bank's relatively cheap rates as other lenders withdrew offers due to the credit crunch.
First Direct has withdrawn mortgages.
Sen. Tom Bakk announced at the St. Louis County DFL Convention in Duluth today that he will end his bid for the DFL endorsement for governor.
Tom Bakk will end his bid for the DFL endorsement for governor.
Oil Search Ltd has gone into a trading halt, ahead of an expected announcement about the termination of a planned about $1 billion sale of a stake in the PNG LNG project to an Abu Dhabi sovereign wealth fund.
Oil Search Ltd has gone into a halt, ahead of an announcement.
Four people have been arrested overnight following a police pursuit from the Blue Mountains to Emu Heights.
Four people have been arrested following a pursuit.
ICICI Bank, one of the largest banks of the nation, has followed suit of rate hikes.
ICICI Bank has followed suit of rate hikes.
Australia's overcome the loss of captain Michael Clarke to beat Sri Lanka by 32 runs in Hobart and square the five-match one-day series at two-all.
Australia overcome to beat Sri Lanka by 32 runs.
Commercial real estate owners are changing their tactics in this tough economy and the owners of this building here at Eagle Pines Plaza in Ammon are hoping to soon be able to cut this sign down.
Commercial real estate owners are changing their tactics.
Israeli police have arrested four Israeli settlers in the West Bank settlement of Yitzhar, accusing them of ``attacks on public order''.
Police have arrested four Israeli settlers in the West Bank settlement.
The things we have to unlearn about the former Chief Whip, Andrew Mitchell.
The things we have to unlearn about the Whip, Andrew Mitchell.
The overall flood situation deteriorated during the past 24 hours until Thursday morning in greater Rangpur and adjoining areas in the Brahmaputra basin as the rising major rivers were flowing above the danger marks at several points.
The flood situation deteriorated.
A Stage 1 burn ban is again being declared for both the Upper and Lower Yakima County areas.
A burn ban is being declared.
A Grand Island man has won $200,000 playing Powerball from the Nebraska lottery.
A Grand Island man has won $ 200,000 playing Powerball.
SALINAS, Calif. While Salinas public libraries brace for the possibility of losing local funding, the library system has joined a literary duel for bragging rights worldwide.
SALINAS the library system has joined a literary duel.
Meanwhile, Robyn Gardner's mother issued a statement asking the public to pray for her daughter.
Robyn Gardner's mother issued a statement.
Hizbullah on Saturday condemned the Israeli air strike on a Sudanese convoy headed for Gaza in Janurary.
Hizbullah condemned the Israeli air strike on a Sudanese convoy.
Kirstie Alley didn't want to have ``fat sex'' when she was overweight.
Kirstie Alley didn't want to have fat sex.
PLO leaders hosted a Ramadan event in east Jerusalem late Monday, in the first official Palestinian gathering in the 18 years since Israel imposed a ban on such activities in the holy city.
PLO leaders hosted a Ramadan event in east Jerusalem.
Sharon Collins, who was convicted of soliciting a man to kill her partner and his two children, has been released from prison.
Sharon Collins has been released from prison.
I am trying to find out how long the maximum jail sentence could be on these charges.
How long the jail sentence could be.
Missouri State has hired Purdue assistant Cuonzo Martin to fill its head coaching vacancy.The 36-year-old Martin replaces Barry Hinson.
Missouri State has hired Cuonzo Martin.
London Fire Brigade had its quietest bonfire night on record this year, thanks to people staying in to watch Strictly Come Dancing and the X Factor, according to a report to be published next month.
London Fire Brigade had its quietest bonfire night on record.
Gov. Mike Easley will undergo shoulder surgery on Tuesday at Duke Hospital in Durham.
Mike Easley will undergo surgery on Tuesday.
The Charlottesville area is cleaning up following severe storms that toppled trees and knocked out thousands of customers' electricity.
The Charlottesville area is cleaning up following storms.
Business rate supplementary bill powers were announced following the Queen's speech to Parliament today despite opposition from retailers and small business leaders.
Business rate supplementary bill powers were announced.
Nintendo has defended its environmental record after Greenpeace once again ranked the games giant bottom of an eco-friendly list of electronics manufacturers.
Nintendo has defended its environmental record.
Pirates seized two vessels over the weekend and were towing a German-owned tanker to the Somali coast Sunday, according to maritime officials.
Pirates seized two vessels over the weekend.
Australian Treasurer Wayne Swan on Friday said further price gains in bulk commodities such as iron ore and coal will help boost export earnings by 50 billion dollars in the coming financial year.
Price gains will help boost export earnings.
TMZ has recently obtained legal documents where CM Punk, real name Phillip Brooks, has filed for a restraining order against his estranged mother.
CM Punk has filed for a restraining order against his mother.
Police have again arrested the owners of a suburban Dallas swingers club called The Cherry Pit.
Police have again arrested the owners of a swingers club.
American actress Alicia Silverstone has revealed that she loves to garden in the nude.
Alicia Silverstone loves to garden in the nude.
A Superior Court judge today refused to dismiss bias charges against a Somerset County man who allegedly pulled his truck alongside an African-American motorist, pointed a fake gun and threatened to shoot while uttering a racial slur.
A judge today refused to dismiss bias charges against a Somerset County man.
Washington Capitals superstar Alex Ovechkin clowns around with a pal of his and delivers an atomic wedgie.
Alex Ovechkin and delivers an atomic wedgie.
Police arrested a registered San Anselmo sex offender who was accused of raping a 60-year-old San Rafael woman in the laundry room of an apartment complex in Strawberry.
Police arrested a San Anselmo sex offender who was accused of raping a San Rafael woman in the laundry room of an complex in Strawberry.
Tenn. demonstrates trend of looser guns laws in about half the states;
Tenn. demonstrates trend of looser guns laws.
The Detroit Lions announced today that they have signed RB Montell Owens.
The Detroit Lions have signed RB Montell Owens.
A multi-national private oil and gas consortium, the first of itskind in Vietnam , made its debut in Hanoi on March 16.
A multi-national oil and gas consortium made its debut.
Two men have been charged in the so-called Craigslist shooting in the 4400 block of Elmbank on Wednesday night.
Two men have been charged in the Craigslist shooting.
President Barack Obama spoke out Friday on the Trayvon Martin shooting for the first time, calling the incident a ``tragedy'' and invoking his own children.
Barack Obama spoke out on the Trayvon Martin shooting.
Prior to the release of 'Just Drive', the title music for Formula 1 2012, Alistair Griffin releases his long awaited album Albion Sky.
Alistair Griffin releases his album Albion Sky.
Ministers have been accused of 'rank hypocrisy' after it emerged that a third of cabinet members are campaigning against Government plans to axe post offices in their own constituencies.
Ministers have been accused of rank hypocrisy after it emerged a third of cabinet members are campaigning against Government plans to axe post offices.
Ohio State University President Gordon Gee is donating his $225,000 pay raise and bonus for 2009 to student scholarships.
Gordon Gee is donating his pay raise to scholarships.
Christopher Bowman, the former US figure skating champion dubbed ''Bowman the Showman'' for his flair on the ice, died Thursday of a possible drug overdose, authorities said.
Christopher Bowman, the skating champion dubbed, died.
Jack Thompson, thorn in the side of violent video game makers everywhere, has been disbarred by the Florida Bar and forced to pay $43,675.35 in legal fees to the court.
Jack Thompson has been disbarred.
Gilgit-Baltistan Legislative Assembly was all set to legislate tourism and mineral deposits, as the GB Council had finalised its recommendations for awarding both sectors the status of corporations, Assistant Director Tourism Iqbal said.
Assembly was set to legislate tourism and mineral deposits.
The Security Council has welcomed the holding of Libya's first national elections this past weekend - the North African country's first in nearly five decades.
The Security Council has welcomed the holding of Libya's elections.
BOSTON House leaders on Wednesday unveiled a $27.9 billion state budget plan they said includes hundreds of millions in cuts and savings while investing in cities and towns, health care and a new initiative to end homelessness.
House leaders unveiled a $ 27.9 billion budget plan.
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. Trevor Cahill lost to his former team and dropped to 0-3 in spring training as the Oakland Athletics beat an Arizona Diamondbacks' split squad 11-2 Sunday for their ninth win in 10 games.
Trevor Cahill lost to his former team and dropped to 0 3.
EasyCruise has increased travel agency commission from 10% to 15% as it courts the trade for more business.
EasyCruise has increased agency commission.
The Orioles have reached a multi-year agreement with 26-year-old Taiwanese left-hander, Chen Wei-yin, according to an industry source.
The Orioles have reached a multi-year agreement with left-hander, Chen Wei-yin.
He passed away yesterday in his Las Vegas home at the age of 85.
He passed away.
A Wood River man was killed early Tuesday when the pickup truck he was driving crashed into the rear of a tractor-trailer at a gate of the ConocoPhillips refinery.
A Wood River man was killed early Tuesday the truck crashed.
``I am very sorry for hurting my daughter in a very bad way,'' Angela McAnulty told the jury.
I am very sorry for hurting my daughter in a very bad way.
In a move to focus on its wireless and FiOS businesses, Verizon announced today that it is selling 4.8 million of its landlines to Frontier Communications for $5.25 billion in stock.
Verizon is selling 4.8 million of its landlines for $ in stock.
Train-maker Bombardier has won a £106m contract to maintain Virgin trains on the West Coast Main Line.
Bombardier has won a 106m contract.
A 39-year-old man and 7-year-old girl were stabbed to death in the child's home, according to police.
A man and girl were stabbed to death.
Gold Fields , the world's fourth biggest gold producer, on Wednesday said it had been asked by authorities to shut its Kloof mine in South Africa after workers were killed in separate seismic events.
Gold Fields had been asked to shut its mine after workers were killed.
Boyd Gaming reported a 41 percent drop in net income for the second quarter on 2009, citing the continuing economic strain on the local market, and reaffirmed their interest in buying a Station Casinos property, the company said today in its quarterly report.
Boyd Gaming reported a 41 percent drop in income.
Everything Everywhere has appointed Olaf Swantee as its new CEO with effect from 01 September.
Everything Everywhere has appointed Olaf Swantee as its new CEO.
ESTATE agency group LSL said that enquiries to its estate agencies from potential homebuyers is ``encouraging'' and it has been trading ``slightly better'' than expectations.
Enquiries to its agencies is encouraging.
Space shuttle Discovery reached its Cape Canaveral, Florida, launch pad in preparation for a May 31 liftoff to place a huge Japanese research complex on the International Space Station.
Discovery reached its Cape Canaveral launch pad.
Mike Kern of the Philadelphia Daily News is reporting that Doug West is returning to Villanova as an assistant coach for the coming season after a 1-year absence where West pursued a business venture outside of basketball.
Doug West is returning to Villanova as an assistant coach.
Reckitt Benckiser has made an offer to purchase healthcare company SSL International in a deal worth just over 2.5 billion pounds.
Reckitt Benckiser has made an offer to purchase SSL International.
NASA has announced that astronauts could survive Mars radiation after the Mars Curiosity Rover discovered that the radiation levels are not, according to initial measurements, lethal to humans.
Astronauts could survive Mars radiation after the Mars Curiosity Rover discovered.
BLACKPOOL manager Ian Holloway admits that the £90m Premier League jackpot is outrageous -- but he cannot wait to roll around in the cash.
BLACKPOOL manager Ian Holloway admits the £ 90m Premier League jackpot is outrageous.
THE FAMILY of a Hodthorpe dad, who passed away suddenly at his home, has paid tribute to 'a loving family man'.
THE FAMILY has paid tribute to a loving family man.
Israeli bulldozers today destroyed a garden and children's playground in Beit Jala, and 100 fruit and olive trees in Al Walaja, both in the Bethlehem district, to make way for the continued construction of their illegal apartheid wall.
Bulldozers today destroyed a garden and children's playground in Beit Jala.
Former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin took the witness stand Friday in a Knoxville, Tenn. courtroom against a college student charged with hacking into her email account, the Knoxville News Sentinel reported.
Sarah Palin took the witness stand.
``As a loyal soldier of the DMK, I will vote for the victory of UPA and the continuance of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's government,'' Maran said at a press conference at his south Chennai residence.
I will vote for the victory of UPA.
The body of a female was recovered from the lower Niagara River this morning.
The body of a female was recovered from the lower Niagara River.
Lakers guard Sasha Vujacic was diagnosed with a concussion after he was hit below the left eye by an inadvertent elbow from Lakers forward Lamar Odom during practice Thursday.
Sasha Vujacic was diagnosed with a concussion.
The Gold Coast Skydivers are holding a benefit for the Wounded Warrior Project Saturday and Sunday, June 19th and 20th.
The Gold Coast Skydivers are holding a benefit for.
Mitt Romney stepped in it last night when he said at a fundraiser that, ``Big business is doing fine in many places.''
Mitt Romney said at a fundraiser that, Big business is doing fine.
Kaneland teachers on Sunday voted overwhelmingly to ratify a tentative contract agreement.
Kaneland teachers voted to ratify a contract agreement.
Kiss bassist Gene Simmons and his decades-long partner Shannon Tweed plan to tie the knot next month.
Gene Simmons and his partner Shannon Tweed plan to tie the knot.
Researchers think climate change may be bulking up the birds, while other studies suggest some animals and plants are shrinking in a warming world.
Climate change may be bulking up the birds.
In a recent interview, Trump was asked about his relationship with the African American community and said: ``I have a great relationship with the Blacks.''
Trump was asked and said : I have a great relationship with the Blacks.
Former Connecticut standout Alex Oriakhi told CBSSports.com on Friday that he has decided to transfer to Missouri.
Former Connecticut standout Alex Oriakhi told he has decided to transfer to Missouri.
Chris Moyles has quit his BBC Radio 1 breakfast show with a new presenter set to be announced this morning.
Chris Moyles has quit his breakfast show.
JaVale McGee makes 3pt shot vs LAClippers.
JaVale McGee makes 3pt shot.
Compass Group, the world's biggest caterer, said on Monday it had a strong third quarter, with profit margins and revenues, excluding acquisitions, in line with the levels seen in the first half.
Compass Group said it had a strong quarter.
Asian stocks rose for a third week as commodity prices gained and as US companies reported or raised profit forecasts, boosting confidence in the strength of global economic growth.
Asian stocks rose for a third week.
Layoffs have begun at Bank of America in Springfield and across the region as part of a work force reduction announced in December.
Layoffs have begun at Bank of America.
Ford of Europe said Wednesday that sales at its main 19 European markets rose 5 percent in July, as the company increased its market share in the region.
Ford of Europe said sales rose 5 percent in July.
Albert Haynesworth announced Wednesday that he will report to Redskins training camp after holding out for a trade for weeks.
Albert Haynesworth will report to Redskins camp.
Most of the 627 Costa Allegra passengers will continue their Seychelles holiday at the cruise company's expense.
Most of the 627 Costa Allegra passengers will continue their Seychelles holiday.
Sen. Larry Craig did not file for reelection by Idaho's Friday deadline, seemingly putting an end to one of the more bizarre political sagas in modern political history.
Larry Craig did not file for reelection.
Lahore, Dec 27: ``Common friends'' of India and Pakistan are playing their role to defuse tension between the two countries as war is not in the interest of either nation, Pakistan Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said.
Lahore : Common friends of India are playing their role to defuse tension.
A man accused of hiring a hit man to kill his former sister-in-law pleaded guilty to criminal solicitation of a capital murder today and was sentenced to 15 years in prison, Williamson County District Attorney John Bradley said.
A man accused of hiring a hit man pleaded guilty.
Homeless gets ready to spend the night on a sidewalk two blocks from the White House in Washington, DC, in this December 15, 2009 file photograph.
Homeless gets ready to spend the night.
Nearly 50 skilled trade workers walked off the job last week at Novelis, refusing to accept a contract after it was put to a vote.
Nearly 50 workers walked off the job at Novelis.
Mitt Romney began his final push towards Super Tuesday this morning.
Mitt Romney began his final push.
A BUSY lane used as a cut-through in Barrow Gurney will be closed for three months while work is carried out by Bristol Water.
A lane will be closed for three months.
Why we must believe in Ghana' was the striking theme of the second Ferdinand O. Ayim Memorial Lecture held in Accra last Friday.
Why we must believe in Ghana.
Indonesia executed three convicted murderers on Friday, an official said, the second time that the country has done so since 2008 in a move that drew condemnation from rights groups.
Indonesia executed three murderers.
Serena Williams, who has not competed since winning the Australian Open early in the year, said Thursday she had withdrawn from this month's Family Circle Cup.
Serena Williams had withdrawn from this month's Family Circle Cup.
WALES will be hit particularly badly by the world financial crisis which has been caused by ``greedy, risk-taking traders'', according to one of the nation's leading City insiders.
WALES will be hit badly by the financial crisis.
The worst of the flu outbreak that put pressure on Scottish hospitals this winter appears to be over, experts said yesterday.
The worst of the flu outbreak appears to be over.
El Paso businessman and philanthropist Paul Foster of Western Refining will be inducted into the Texas Business Hall of Fame at the foundation's 31st annual induction dinner Nov. 14 in San Antonio.
Businessman and Paul Foster will be inducted into the Texas Business Hall of Fame.
A seventeen-year-old girl student of a local college on Wednesday committed suicide inside the hostel premises.
A girl student committed suicide.
UK government has announced 9.6 percent increments in the pension of former British Gurkha servicemen with effect from April 1.
Government has announced 9.6 increments in the pension of former British Gurkha servicemen.
A suicide bomber killed 30 Afghans in an attack at a funeral in the eastern Afghan province of Nangarhar today.
A suicide bomber killed 30 Afghans in an attack at a funeral.
This year's Malaysia Day rally will be held in Bintulu on Sunday to commemorate the 49th anniversary of the formation of the country.
This year's Malaysia Day rally will be held in Bintulu on Sunday.
Espanyol have been fined €3,000 by the Spanish Football Federation on Tuesday for the crowd trouble that marred last month's city derby against Barcelona.
Espanyol have been fined for the crowd trouble.
The US federal budget deficit will hit an unparalleled $1.2 trillion for the 2009 budget year, according to a Capitol Hill aide briefed on new Congressional Budget Office figures.
The US federal budget deficit will hit an $ 1.2 trillion for the 2009 year.
A Pakistani youngster on Sunday set a new world record in plug wiring during the Punjab Youth Festival 2012.
A Pakistani youngster set a world record in plug wiring.
MORE than half of grandparents provide free childcare for their grandchildren, saving families nearly £860 a year, research has shown.
MORE than half of grandparents provide free childcare.
Heads of Odesa and Volyn regions Mykola Serdiuk and Mykola Romaniuk have noted high unemployment growth rates in their respective regions.
Heads of Odesa and Volyn regions have noted unemployment growth rates.
Syria marks the first anniversary today of an increasingly bloody uprising against President Bashar al-Assad, with recent army gains unlikely to quell the revolt and no diplomatic solution in sight.
Syria marks the anniversary of an uprising.
European stocks fell for a third day as companies including Carlsberg A/S missed earnings estimates.
European stocks fell for a third day.
Ayrton Senna has been voted the greatest Formula One driver of all time by other grand prix racers.
Ayrton Senna has been voted the greatest Formula One driver of all time.
The euro is making a hesitant start to the week after a weekend meeting between EU officials saw bickering politicians put the brakes on a plan to introduce a banking union in Europe.
The euro is making a hesitant start to the week.
A LONDONDERRY Sentinel reporter has received a veiled threat from a member of a group of republican youths who have been conducting a sectarian hate campaign on a social networking site.
A reporter has received a veiled threat.
The activists of Awami Tehreek and Sindhi Mazdoor Tehreek took out a protest rally against the rapid increase of inflation, unemployment and worsening law and order situation of the region on Sunday.
The activists took out a protest rally against the increase of inflation, unemployment.
BG Group Plc. said it has appointed Sir David Manning as a non-executive director with immediate effect.
BG Group Plc. has appointed Sir David Manning as a non-executive director.
South African all-rounder Shaun Pollock was on Sunday named captain of Mumbai Indians following Harbhajan Singh's suspension from Indian Premier League matches for slapping pacer S Sreesanth.
Shaun Pollock was named captain of Mumbai Indians.
President Ian Khama launched the new Pula bank notes at the Bank of Botswana on Friday morning.
Ian Khama launched the new bank notes.
Rhode Island lawmakers are taking a spring break before the hardest work of their 2011 session begins.
Lawmakers are taking a break before the hardest work begins.
The NATO-led force in Afghanistan said two more US troops died in Afghanistan, bringing to 43 the total number of Americans killed this month.
Two US troops died in Afghanistan.
Brevan Howard, the large European hedge fund firm, is returning $2 billion to investors in its flagship portfolio.
Brevan Howard is returning $ 2 billion to investors.
Google defended itself about extremist websites showing up on its search results page saying it helps the police keep track of such websites.
Google defended itself about extremist websites showing up on its search results page saying it helps.
Luka Rocco Magnotta has pleaded not guilty to the multiple charges against him, including first-degree murder, in the death and dismemberment of Chinese student Jun Lin.
Luka Rocco Magnotta has pleaded not guilty.
AP Feed Detroit Pistons forward Charlie Villanueva faces a charge of domestic assault after a May 19 incident in Burlington, Ontario.
Charlie Villanueva faces a charge of domestic assault.
Baghdad is drowning in sewage, thirsty for water and largely powerless, an Iraqi official said in a grim assessment of services in the capital five years after the US-led invasion.
Baghdad is drowning in sewage.
Northampton flanker Tom Wood will make his England debut in Friday night's RBS 6 Nations clash with Wales at the Millennium Stadium.
Tom Wood will make his England debut.
Stocks mostly rose Monday as oil backed off a record above $143 a barrel, and as fund managers bought up high-performing stocks along with defensive issues to embellish portfolios on the last day of the second quarter.
Stocks rose as oil backed off a record above $ 143.
Google expects to launch new products for its YouTube web video service in the next few months and sees reason for closer cooperation with Yahoo, Google chief executive Eric Schmidt said.
Google expects to launch new products for its YouTube service.
In celebration of our nation's 233rd birthday, we are looking for area residents to share with us what makes you patriotic and how you show it.
What makes you patriotic.
Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp share an intimate kiss in The Tourist, as seen in a recently-released trailer for the new thriller, which is set to open on December 10.
Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp share an kiss in The Tourist, as seen in a trailer.
Quebecor Inc. is pairing with a group of entrepreneurs to launch a video game company focused on developing titles for mobile devices.
Quebecor Inc. is pairing to launch a video game company.
Southern Company today reported first quarter earnings of $422.3 million, or 50 cents a share, compared with $494.5 million, or 60 cents a share, for the same period a year ago.
Southern Company today reported first quarter earnings.
BJP today said implementation of FDI in multi-brand retail will make India a nation of ``sales boys and sales girls'' and it hoped to see the end of the UPA government on the issue.
Implementation of FDI in retail will make India a nation of sales boys and girls.
I've lived in this area for 28 years now, and I'm amazed how many things there are to do in Lehigh Valley that I didn't know about.
Things are to do in Lehigh Valley.
A bomb exploded at a crowded bus stop Wednesday in central Jerusalem, wounding at least 25 people in what appeared to be the first militant attack in the city in several years.
A bomb exploded at a crowded bus stop in Jerusalem.
In Harris v. Liberty Community Management, Inc., Case No. 11-14362, the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit held that a property management company acting pursuant to a management contract with a homeowners association was not a ``debt collector'' subject to the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act when it attempted to collect assessments on behalf of a homeowners association.
A property management company was not a collector subject to the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act.
More than 230 pounds of marijuana was seized over the weekend by Border Patrol agents in two different incidents.
More than 230 pounds of marijuana was seized.
Budget airline Virgin Australia reported a full year net loss of Aus$ 67.8 million on Thursday, but said it was optimistic about the year ahead.
Virgin Australia reported a full year loss.
Google's announced a new venture capital fund, and the aptly-named Google Ventures is looking for companies to support.
Google announced a venture capital fund.
Paterson said Tuesday he will include the furlough in his next emergency spending bill, which state lawmakers must either accept or reject in its entirety.
Paterson said he will include the furlough in his next emergency spending bill.
Greek Finance Minister Evangelos Venizelos said Greece will hold new elections by the end of February once a new bailout agreement and further international aid for the country were secured.
Greece will hold elections by the end of February.
Massena and Hammond residents were charged with felony third degree burglary Thursday in unrelated cases, according to state police.
Massena and Hammond residents were charged with burglary in unrelated cases.
Dane County authorities said an early-morning fire destroyed a house in the town of Berry Wednesday.
An fire destroyed a house in the town of Berry.
The US Senate has approved a US$838 billion economic stimulus package, including money for broadband and health IT deployments and for an Internet-based smart electricity grid.
The US Senate has approved $ 838 billion stimulus package.
A Shanghai-bound Air India flight from Mumbai with 172 passengers on Friday made a precautionary landing at the IGI airport in New Delhi after it developed a technical snag.
A Air India flight made a precautionary landing.
Teens charged with string of armed thefts Updated: 11:18, Sunday April 28, 2013 Two boys, aged 13 and 14, have been charged after allegedly threatening people with knives during a string of armed robberies in Sydney's east last night.
Teens charged with string of armed thefts.
Pharmaceutical giant Pfizer is to launch a new research unit aimed at exploring the use of stem cells to develop drugs that could repair failing organs and treat degenerative diseases.
Pfizer is to launch a new research unit.
Environment Canada says Windsor, Ont., recorded its hottest July ever, and may have set a national mark as well.
Windsor, Ont., recorded its hottest July ever.
Madonna is facing a lawsuit over her new Material Girl collection bosses at a clothing company have accused the superstar of stealing the trademark.
Madonna is facing a lawsuit over her new Material Girl bosses.
Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons found that more than 4.5 million Americans are living with a total knee replacement, as the number of TKR surgeries has more than doubled over the past decade, with the sharpest rise among younger patients.
More than 4.5 million Americans are living with a total knee replacement.
Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney will speak on ``The Case For American Greatness'' at Ashland University at 7 pm on April 30 as the keynote speaker for the 25th Annual John M. Ashbrook Memorial Dinner.
Mitt Romney will speak at Ashland University.
A task force is recommending formation of a special unit within Child Protective Services to investigate cases of abuse where serious crimes may have been committed.
A task force is recommending formation of a special unit within Child Protective Services.
Governor Sam Brownback and other top Kansas Republicans are planning a two-day motorcycle tour of the state ahead of next week's elections.
Sam Brownback are planning a motorcycle tour.
Odd Future have been accused of attacking a 17 year old fan following a show in San Antonio.
Odd Future have been accused of attacking a fan.
The chairman of the Pakistani Senate's Foreign Relation Committee, Senator Mushahid Hussain, today alleged that Indian elements in Afghanistan are responsible for destabilising Pakistan.
Indian elements in Afghanistan are responsible for destabilising Pakistan.
``We want a diversification of the global economy; and we want our people-owned businesses to be a part of this. We are serving the needs of ordinary folk and businesses around the world, when so many financial institutions have let them down.''
We want a diversification of the global economy.
Celebrities, Giuliana and Bill Rancic are finally having a baby.
Celebrities, Giuliana and Bill Rancic are having a baby.
The Executive Director of the Danquah Institute, Gabby Otchere-Darko has stated that although he is sorry for the use of the word 'timid' in describing a ruling by the Judges of the Supreme Court, his position on the said issue remains unchanged.
His position remains unchanged.
Vietnam accuses China of firing flare at fishermen Vietnam has accused a Chinese vessel of firing a flare on a Vietnamese fishing boat that set its cabin alight in the disputed South China Sea, where rival claims to gas-rich waters have strained relations between the countries.
Vietnam accuses China of firing flare at fishermen.
470 endangered sea turtles and thousands of birds officially killed by BP oil spill so far.
470 endangered sea turtles and thousands killed by BP oil spill so far.
After three wins over the weekend, including a sweep over then-No. 12 Pepperdine, Colorado State volleyball is again receiving votes in the AVCA Coaches Top 25 Poll.
Colorado State volleyball is again receiving votes.
uxury car maker BMW AG said Wednesday it will cut another 5,600 jobs by the end of 2008, on top of 2,500 other positions that have already been eliminated, as it moves to pare expenses amid a wider cost-cutting program.
BMW AG said it will cut another 5,600 jobs by the end of 2008.
Oil rose above US$60 a barrel Tuesday in Asia after investors took heart from signs the US recession is easing.
Oil rose above $ 60 after investors took from signs the US recession is easing.
A large Boa Constrictor was found hiding in a home gutter Tuesday, giving the man who found it quite a scare.
A Boa Constrictor was found hiding in a home gutter.
Sean Penn won his second Academy Award for best actor on Sunday night for his moving portrayal of slain gay rights leader Harvey Milk in Milk.
Sean Penn won for best actor.
A cyclist has died in hospital following a collision on the Shurdington Road in Cheltenham yesterday afternoon.
A cyclist has died following a collision in Cheltenham.
Prince Amukamara, cornerback from Nebraska, was selected by the New York Giants as 19th pick in the 2011 NFL draft.
Prince Amukamara was selected by the New York Giants as 19th pick in the 2011 NFL draft.
Chapman Tripp - Chapman Tripp Fund Manager of the Year Award nominees announced Chapman Tripp is proud to sponsor the Chapman Tripp Fund Manager of the Year --
Chapman Tripp Chapman Tripp Fund Manager of the Year Award nominees announced.
Three cruise ships have been arrested over unpaid bunkers and other outstanding debts.
Three cruise ships have been arrested over unpaid bunkers and debts.
Banner Olive Branch Senior Center offers activities and programs for seniors from 9 am to 3 pm Monday through Thursday, and from 9 am to 2 pm Friday, at 11250 N. 107th Ave., Sun City.
Banner Olive Branch Senior Center offers activities.
Conn. man arrested, accused of stripping in church A Brooklyn man is being evaluated at an eastern Connecticut hospital after police say he stripped naked in a church in the presence of congregants and school children.
Conn. man arrested, accused of stripping in church.
Governor Rick Perry greeted President Obama at the base of Air Force One in Austin Monday with a letter requesting 1,000 additional National Guard troops be sent to the Texas-Mexico border amid growing drug cartel violence, claiming federal support so far was ``insufficient.''
Rick Perry greeted Obama.
Pakistan government has allocated Rs130 billion for the ongoing war on terror for fiscal year 2010-11.
Pakistan government has allocated Rs130 billion for the war on terror.
Mayor Luke Ravenstahl said Friday that he was dropping his re-election bid.
Luke Ravenstahl said he was dropping his re-election bid.
Penn State football coach Joe Paterno underwent successful hip replacement surgery Sunday at Mount Nittany Medical Center, university spokesman Jeff Nelson confirmed in a release issued Sunday evening.
Joe Paterno underwent successful surgery.
A JAPANESE multi-purpose ship was surrounded by pirates in waters off Kenya, a spokesman for the Japanese transport ministry said on Monday.
A ship was surrounded by pirates.
Canada has topped the expat ratings for 'quality of life' experience according to the fourth annual NatWest International Personal Banking Quality of Life Index.
Canada has topped the expat ratings for quality of life.
NCI, Inc., a leading provider of information technology, engineering, logistics, and professional services and solutions to US Federal Government agencies, is pleased to announce that Brian J. Clark will join NCI in April 2011 as the executive vice president, chief financial officer and treasurer.
Brian J. Clark will join NCI as the executive vice president, chief financial officer.
SC Gov. Nikki Haley has unveiled an ethics reform package for the 2013 legislative session that would address many of the loopholes she has habitually exploited over the years in order to maintain and expand her political power.
Nikki Haley has unveiled an ethics reform package.
As more teenagers take to the road during summer vacation, PennDOT reminds young drivers to practice safe driving techniques by avoiding behaviors that cause most crashes involving 16- to 19-year-olds.
PennDOT reminds young drivers to practice safe driving techniques by avoiding behaviors.
Ankara, June 13 Turkey has launched its new generation communication satellite ``Turksat 3A'' from the Kourou base of French Guiana, the semi-official Anatolia news agency has reported.
Turkey has launched its new generation communication satellite.
It has been reported that singer Rihanna has cheated on her boyfriend Chris Brown with comedian Dane Cook, after the couple were seen flirting with each other.
Rihanna has cheated on her boyfriend Chris Brown with Dane Cook.
Israel is watching events in neighboring Syria carefully, APA reports quoting ``The Voice of America''.
Israel is watching events in neighboring Syria carefully.
Rabah Saadane resigned as Algeria coach on Saturday following Friday's disappointing 1-1 draw with minnows Tanzania in their 2012 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier, the Algerian Football Federation announced.
Rabah Saadane resigned as Algeria coach.
The number of mobile internet subscriptions in Hungary rose to 607,000 at the end of May from 566,000 at the end of April, the National Communications Authority said.
The number of mobile internet subscriptions rose to 607,000 at the end of May.
The NSW coalition says it will defer the state's funding of the contentious Parramatta to Epping rail link if it wins the March election - and try to convince the commonwealth to do the same.
The NSW coalition says it will defer to Epping rail link.
India's Foreign Minister Pranab Mukherjee met Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf on Wednesday as the nuclear-armed rivals resumed peace efforts after a lull caused by political turmoil in Pakistan.
Pranab Mukherjee met Pervez Musharraf.
As of 9 am on Wednesday, state police had responded to 201 crashes, 29 of which resulted in injuries.
State police had responded to 201 crashes.
A former Russian banker is in a critical condition after being shot outside his home in London.
A former Russian banker is after being shot in London.
An American, from Lebanese descent, was stabbed to death on Saturday night in Casablanca, local authorities said.
An American was stabbed to death in Casablanca.
A bulldozer stolen from Barrow County late last year has been recovered in Indiana.
A bulldozer stolen from Barrow County has been recovered in Indiana.
CLSA has downgraded Unitech stock to outperform from buy and cut price target to 35 rupees from 50 rupees citing bearish outlook and weak earnings.
CLSA has downgraded Unitech stock.
Swindon Town have completed the signing of Michael Rose on a free transfer from Stockport County.
Swindon Town have completed the signing of Michael Rose.
South African world 800 meters champion Caster Semenya was cleared on Tuesday to compete as a woman nearly a year after controversial gender tests put her career on hold.
Caster Semenya was cleared to compete as a woman.
Canada Bread, a manufacturer and marketer of flour based products, has said that it will invest approximately $100m in its Fresh Bakery operations to construct a new 370,000sqft bakery facility in Southwestern Ontario.
Canada Bread will invest to construct a new bakery facility in Southwestern Ontario.
A 32-year-old Granby man suffered minor injuries in a one-vehicle crash today in Newton County.
A man suffered minor injuries in a crash.
Packers CB Will Blackmon is hopeful he won't need surgery on his oft-injured right foot.
Will Blackmon is hopeful he won't need surgery.
Katrina and Terrence Bock of Los Lunas celebrated their 25th wedding anniversary on June 1.
Katrina celebrated their 25th wedding anniversary.
Parts of Memorial Parkway in Huntsville will be resurfaced starting Sunday night.
Parts of Memorial Parkway will be resurfaced starting Sunday night.
London, Sep 22 ''Rambo'' star Sylvester Stallone has been voted the ultimate action hero by beating California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger in a new poll, which also features Angelina Jolie.
Sylvester Stallone has been voted the ultimate action hero.
The harbor dredging that began in November will be suspended until June because environmental permits restrict work to certain times of the year.
The dredging will be suspended until June.
BUSINESSMAN Denis O'Brien claims the Irish Daily Mail defamed him by accusing him of being a hypocrite when he provided assistance to the victims of the Haiti earthquake in 2010, the High Court heard today.
Denis O'Brien claims the Irish Daily Mail defamed him by accusing of being a hypocrite.
New Delhi, Feb 14 India today welcomed the outcome of the last month''s referendum in which southern Sudan voted for independence in a ``credible and peaceful manner'' and said it looks forward to working closely with both sides in Sudan.
India today welcomed the outcome of the month referendum southern Sudan voted.
John Forsythe, the actor who made his fortune as TV's affable Bachelor Father and as the scheming oil tycoon in Dynasty, died Thursday at the age of 92 in Santa Ynez, California.
John Forsythe died at the age of 92.
Former top-ranked player Juan Carlos Ferrero of Spain advanced to the second round of the Grand Prix Hassan II by beating Christophe Rochus of Belgium 6-2, 6-3 Tuesday.
Juan Carlos Ferrero of Spain advanced to the round of the Grand Prix Hassan II.
Lindsay Lohan is planning a charity trip to Guatemala after returning from a visit to India ``a changed woman,'' according to her mother Dina.
Lindsay Lohan is planning a charity trip to Guatemala.
Coast Guard units based in Charleston are currently searching for possible missing boaters.
Coast Guard units are searching for possible missing boaters.
Rep. Duncan Hunter, a California Republican and Marine combat veteran, called on Americans Thursday to boycott Mexico until that nation releases Jon Hammar, a former US marine, from prison.
Duncan Hunter called on Americans to boycott Mexico.
An Upper St. Clair man was killed in a single car crash on the Parkway West Thursday night.
An Upper St. Clair man was killed in a single car crash.
The French Prime Minister, François Fillon, resigned yesterday which will allow President Nicolas Sarkozy to reshuffle his cabinet.
The French Prime Minister, François Fillon, resigned.
One person was killed and several others have been wounded after a gunman opened fire at a strip shopping centre in the western US state of Oregon, police and local media reports said.
A gunman opened fire at a shopping centre.
SAN FRANCISCO -AT\u0026T Inc. said Tuesday it is taking recent negative reviews of its network seriously, but insisted perception lagged reality.
AT\u0026T Inc. said it is taking negative reviews seriously.
LeVOCC, Inc. today announced that independent laboratory testing has conclusively demonstrated that the LeVOCC air purification system successfully destroys a strain of the H1N1 virus.
The LeVOCC air purification system destroys a strain of the H1N1 virus.
A 36-year-old Owego man was dragged behind a vehicle for 45 feet Wednesday after trying to thwart a theft from Lehigh Railroad, according to Pennsylvania State Police out of Towanda.
A man was dragged after trying to thwart a theft.
US Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton on Sunday expressed deep concern about renewed violence in Egypt, calling on both sides to exercise restraint, Xinhua reported.
Secretary of Hillary Rodham Clinton expressed concern about violence in Egypt.
In front of a sold out crowd of 4710, the Amerks beat the Senators in Binghamton tonight, 3-2.
The Amerks beat in Binghamton.
A California man has been charged with conspiracy to provide material support to terrorist group al-Shabaab, US Attorney Laura E. Duffy announced.
A California man has been charged with conspiracy to provide material support to terrorist group al-Shabaab.
A high speed chase on I-25 ended in a crash Saturday when two motorcycles crashed into a grassy area just off the exit ramp at South Academy.
A high speed chase ended in a crash.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday assured a delegation of Congress MPs from non-Telangana regions of Andhra Pradesh that nothing will be done in haste on the creation of a separate state, senior party leader KS Rao said.
Nothing will be done in haste.
LUBBOCK, Texas -Texas Tech fired Mike Leach on Wednesday after the coach took the school to court to try to overturn his suspension for alleged mistreatment of an injured player.
Texas Tech fired Mike Leach.
JERUSALEM UNESCO has reprimanded Israel over a newspaper cartoon showing the Israeli prime minister telling pilots to bomb the UN agency's office after bombing Iran, a spokesman for Israel's Foreign Ministry said Friday.
UNESCO has reprimanded Israel over a newspaper cartoon.
Rajasthan Royals thrashed Kings XI Punjab by eight wickets at Punjab Cricket Association Stadium here on Thursday.
Rajasthan Royals thrashed Kings XI Punjab.
The Oakland Raiders expect receiver Javon Walker to be ready for training camp when he recovers from injuries incurred during a robbery in Las Vegas last weekend.
The Oakland Raiders expect Javon Walker to be ready for camp.
Three department heads will get raises as part of a budget plan that was recently approved by the Orland Hills Village Board.
Three department heads will get raises.
The federal government may reverse the sale of Daily Times of Nigeria, following the failure of the new owner to reposition it in line with the privatisation policy.
The federal government may reverse the sale of Daily Times.
Alfa Romeo, skippered by Neville Crichton, pictured 45 miles south of Mallacoota, is set to claim line honours in Sydney to Hobart yacht race.
Alfa Romeo pictured, is set to claim line honours in Sydney to Hobart race.
``The fact is, I'm gay, always have been, always will be, and I couldn't be any more happy, comfortable with myself, and proud,'' the 45-year-old anchor of CNN's Anderson Cooper 360 told The Daily Beast.
The fact is, I 'm gay.
Word documents generated by the current version of Office 2007 don't conform to ISO/IEC 29500, the OOXML file format draft standard Microsoft moved heaven and earth to get ISO to accept.
Word documents generated by the current version of Office 2007 don't conform to ISO / IEC 29500.
John Terry has revealed that he is set to undergo a scan on a foot injury sustained against West Brom on Saturday.
John Terry is set to undergo a scan on a foot injury.
WASHINGTON ― Sen. Robert C. Byrd was hospitalized Monday night at his doctor's urging after suffering from lethargy and sluggishness at the Capitol and, later, at his home, a spokesman for the 90-year-old Democrat said.
Sen. Robert C. Byrd was hospitalized.
Reuters reported that Prompt European physical coal prices rose by USD 1 per tonne to USD 2 per tonne as the market continued to look for clear direction.
Prompt European physical coal prices rose to USD 2.
Four men have been killed in an industrial accident at an engineering company in Great Yarmouth.
Four men have been killed in an industrial accident.
Roger Federer begins his campaign for a sixth Wimbledon title, and a record 15th major, rejuvenated by finally lifting his French Open jinx and seeing injured rival Rafael Nadal limp out of contention.
Roger Federer begins his campaign for a sixth Wimbledon title.
``At that moment, we thought we were dead,'' said Egyptian guide Hassan Abdel-Hakim.
At that moment, we thought we were dead.
An extra £17m is needed to support student loans and grants in Northern Ireland, Employment Minister Sir Reg Empey has said.
An extra £ 17m is needed to support student loans.
Randgold Resources reported record 2nd quarter profit early Thursday, pushing its shares up over 5% in the process.
Randgold Resources reported record 2nd quarter profit.
When it was first announced that writer Gail Simone was going take over Wonder Woman, I admit that I got excited.
Gail Simone was going take over Wonder Woman.
Judge Ismail Brahim held that Wasli is protected from any further prosecution in respect of the answers that he has given in Tan Sri Kasitah Gaddam's corruption trial in the High Court in Kuala Lumpur and that the court was no longer competent to hear the case.
Wasli is protected from any further prosecution.
Britain's Queen Elizabeth has been called upon to block the auction of a piece of armour the Sikh community believe may be sacred.
Britain's Queen Elizabeth has been called upon to block the auction of a piece of armour.
A 28-year-old Madison woman has been arrested on suspicion of pepper spraying a clerk at the Sears store at West Towne Mall after she apparently stole some merchandise, Madison police said.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of pepper spraying a clerk.
The Denver Broncos announced several transactions Tuesday, including the assignment of tight end Kory Sperry off waivers from Miami.
The Denver Broncos announced several transactions.
Taipei, Dec. 24 Taiwan shares closed down 0.42 percent Friday on profit taking from a previous session as investors took cues from a lackluster performance on Wall Street overnight, dealers said.
Taipei, Taiwan shares closed down 0.42 percent.
Israeli police shot dead a Palestinian motorist in East Jerusalem after he ran over and slightly injured two policemen on a patrol, police said.
Israeli police shot dead a Palestinian motorist in East Jerusalem.
SP Tulsian, sptulsian.com is of the view that Unitech can touch Rs 29 and HCL Technologies can go upto Rs 742.
Unitech can touch Rs 29.
Brian Rolle intercepted a potential two-point conversion in the closing minutes and returned it for two points the other way, helping No. 6 Ohio State hold off pesky Navy 31-27 on Saturday.
Ohio State hold off Navy 31.
Brazil here on Wednesday called on Israel to ``establish full, independent credible investigations'' into Israeli war crimes during the Gaza conflict which is backed by a UN fact-finding mission report.
Brazil called on Israel to establish full, independent credible investigations.
Protesters chant slogans as they rally against the dissolving of parliament, in front of policemen standing guard at the parliament building in Cairo June 19, 2012.
Protesters chant slogans as they rally, in front of policemen standing guard at the parliament building in Cairo June 19, 2012.
The 21st century belongs to Asia and Asia will be the engine of the world economic growth.
The 21st century belongs to Asia will be.
Funeral services were held Monday for a toddler found unresponsive Friday at a day care on Chicago's West Side.
Funeral services were held for a toddler found unresponsive Friday at a day care.
On Tuesday, Diaz filed a lawsuit against the NSAC for violating his right to due process.
Diaz filed against the NSAC for violating his right to due process.
The US housing market lost $US3.3 trillion in value last year and almost one in six owners with mortgages owed more than their homes were worth as the economy went into recession, Zillow.com said.
The US housing market lost $ US3.3 trillion in value.
In a crucial week of high wire politics, Barack Obama is seeking to transform his top priority healthcare plan, now a liability for his presidency, into a trump card to outwit Republicans.
Barack Obama is seeking to transform his healthcare plan.
THE women's snooker season kicks off this weekend with a double-header at the North East Derbyshire Snooker Centre, Clay Cross.
THE women's snooker season kicks off this weekend.
Russia will attend an international consultative meeting on Syria to be held in Iran on Thursday, according to Russian Foreign Ministry.
Russia will attend an meeting on Syria to be held in Iran.
India has said negotiations on an Arms Trade Treaty, that would regulate the conventional arms trade, should not be rushed through and efforts must be made to bring all stakeholders on board in a manner that promotes the prospects of an agreement that is practical and implementable.
India has said negotiations on an Arms Trade Treaty, that would regulate, should not be rushed through.
For travelers fed up with pricey baggage fees, UPS has introduced a new luggage box designed to take the place of a suitcase.
UPS has introduced a luggage box.
The US federal budget balance fell less-than-expected last month, official data showed on Monday.
The US federal budget balance fell less than expected.
Silveira Travel Service, based in Taunton, Mass., celebrated 25 years in business on Saturday night during an event that drew more than 200 friends and family at the Venus de Milo.
Silveira Travel Service, celebrated 25 years in business.
MDC-T leader and Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai assured supporters Sunday that fresh elections expected next year would be ``free and fair'' adding he was confident of finally end President Robert Mugabe's lengthy hold on power.
Elections would be free and fair.
Zarlink Semiconductor Inc swung to a first-quarter profit on Wednesday as revenue almost doubled due to the company's acquisition of telecommunications semiconductor maker Legerity Holdings.
Zarlink Semiconductor Inc swung to a profit as revenue almost doubled.
Melaine Walker of Jamaica has won the gold medal in the women's 400m hurdles in an Olympic record time.
Melaine Walker has won in the women's 400m hurdles.
Seven blasts rocked Indian IT capital Bangalore, killing at least four persons including a woman and injuring several others on Friday afternoon, media reports said.
Seven blasts rocked Indian IT capital Bangalore.
Jennifer Aniston feels far sexier in her 40s than she did in her 20s, when she shot to fame on hit sitcom Friends.
Jennifer Aniston feels sexier in her 40s than she did in her 20s, she shot.
France slumped to a surprise 1-0 defeat by China in their final World Cup warm-up on Saturday.
France slumped to a surprise defeat.
Senior forward Draymond Green earned his third Big Ten Player of the Week honor of the year after his performances last week.
Draymond Green earned his Big Ten Player week.
Michael Phelps has broken the world record in the 100metres butterfly at the US Championships in Indianapolis.
Michael Phelps has broken the world record in the butterfly.
As the number of elderly rises worldwide, researchers find that old people today have more sex, are more likely to be divorced, are cleverer and feel better, and are more outgoing.
Old people today have more sex.
New Zealand-based youth evangelist Winkie Pratney is slowly recovering from a stroke that caused a brain aneurysm the day after Christmas.
Winkie Pratney is recovering from a stroke.
A terror attack on the Amarnath Yatra was foiled by the CPRF on Saturday.
A terror attack on the Amarnath Yatra was foiled.
NEW YORK The IRS is investigating the United Church of Christ over a speech Sen. Barack Obama gave at its national meeting last year after he became a candidate for president, the denomination said Tuesday.
IRS is investigating the United Church of Christ over a speech Barack Obama gave.
Spurs guard Manu Ginobili has won the NBA's sixth man award given to the league's best reserve.
Manu Ginobili has won the NBA's sixth man award.
Scientists in Britain say womb transplants could be just two years away from going mainstream.
Womb transplants could be just two years away.
Odisha will increase the quota for women in the state's urban local bodies to 50 percent from the existing 33 percent, an official said Friday.
Odisha will increase the quota for women in the state's urban bodies.
India corn futures were a tad lower on Wednesday on arrival pressure from the winter crop, but some export demand helped trim losses, analysts said.
India corn futures were a tad lower on arrival pressure.
Two unnamed East St. Louis police officers are being investigated by the Illinois State Police for theft from the Illinois Department of Employment Security.
Two East St. Louis police officers are being investigated for theft.
In the GOP weekly radio and online address, Phil Gingrey, R-Ga., promotes a new Web site, AmericaSpeakingOut.com, saying, ``Republicans are listening and offering better solutions.''
Phil Gingrey promotes saying, Republicans are listening.
Tottenham defender Sebastien Bassong would consider moving in the January transfer window, with QPR keeping tabs on his situation.
Sebastien Bassong would consider moving.
President Barack Obama on Tuesday approved 17000 additional troops for Afghanistan this spring and summer, calling the increase as necessary to stabilize the country, where the security has been on the continuous downslide in the face of a spreading Taliban insurgency.
Barack Obama approved 17000 additional troops for Afghanistan.
STATS ChipPAC Ltd., a leading semiconductor test and advanced packaging service provider, today provided an update for the fourth quarter 2012.
STATS ChipPAC Ltd. today provided an update for the fourth quarter 2012.
Pippa Middleton's long-awaited party-planning book is here; alas, Pippa herself is not.
Pippa Middleton's book is here, Pippa is not.
A record number of Indiana high school sophomores have signed up to take the PSAT.
A record number of Indiana sophomores have signed up to take the PSAT.
A Scarborough man got a scare when he awoke early Saturday morning to find a burglar, accompanied by a pit bull, standing in the bedroom of his home on Ross Road.
He awoke to find a burglar standing in the bedroom.
``The future belongs to the creative younger generation. As a producer I feel responsible to support and back them as much as possible. I'm glad to have introduced a few aspiring directors through my films and I hope to continue my effort,'' Suresh told IANS.
The future belongs to the creative younger generation.
A Springfield police officer was stabbed in the chest Wednesday by a 14-year-old boy who had refused for days to get out of bed, authorities said.
A police officer was stabbed.
A 45-year-old Monticello man died in a motorcycle crash Saturday.
A Monticello man died in a motorcycle crash.
Somali soldier on Sunday shot and killed a civilian minibus driver in Mogadishu, witnesses said.
Soldier shot and killed a civilian driver in Mogadishu.
Prince is a very pricey addition to the upcoming Coachella Festival in Indio, California.
Prince is a pricey addition to the Coachella Festival.
Bollywood megastar Shah Rukh Khan has undergone surgery for a shoulder injury suffered while doing stunts for his new movie, ``Chennai Express.''
Bollywood megastar Shah Rukh Khan has undergone surgery.
Many supporters have asked where the Hobbs money went and yesterday the club threw open some doors to show where it had gone.
Where the Hobbs money went.
The week-long 27th ITF World Team Cup Wheelchair Tennis Tournament, the virtual World Cup of wheelchair tennis, saw Sri Lanka beat strong Russia 3-0 on Tuesday but lose to top-seed Japan 0-3 on Wednesday in Pretoria, South Africa.
Sri Lanka beat Russia 3 0 but lose to Japan.
Gold dropped in price on Tuesday as lower oil prices and a firmer dollar prompted investors to cash in previous gains.
Gold dropped as prices.
Nuclear submarines from Britain and France collided deep in the Atlantic Ocean this month, authorities said Monday in the first acknowledgment of a highly unusual accident that one expert called the gravest in nearly a decade.
Nuclear submarines collided deep in the Atlantic Ocean.
A disciplined Mumbai Indians bowling attack has restricted Pune Warriors to 129 for 9 in their Indian Premier League game at the Wankhede Stadium on Friday.
A Mumbai Indians attack has restricted Pune Warriors to 129.
Sports Writer Jared Odrick is unsure how he broke his leg, and he's unsure when he'll be back in the lineup.
Jared Odrick is unsure how he broke his leg.
New York City, one of the world's most visited places, is seeing a downward slide in tourism this summer even as it battles other economic woes.
New York City is seeing a slide in tourism.
Tammy Duckworth, a graduate of McKinley High School and the University of Hawaii, will speak tonight to the Democratic National Convention about military policy and veterans care.
Tammy Duckworth will speak about military policy and veterans care.
A prime city centre development site that has sat idle for almost two years after falling victim to the credit crunch could soon be back on track after it emerged that a German fund was on the verge of investing in the scheme.
A development site could be back on track.
``Four Christmases'', the new Seth Gordon film earned the top spot in this weekend box office with $31,680,000 in ticket sales, according to the estimates released by BoxOfficeMojo.
Four Christmases, the film earned the top spot in this weekend box office.
My 20-something daughter is overweight.
My daughter is overweight.
Culinary Institute of Virginia, the School of Culinary Arts at ECPI College of Technology, is pleased to announce an Open House on Wednesday, July 23rd, 2008 from 6 pm to 8 pm.
Culinary Institute of Virginia is pleased to announce an Open House.
Pakistan`s suspended Test captain Salman Butt is furious with not just the ICC but also the PCB for the way the spot-fixing case against him and the pace duo of Mohammad Asif and Mohammad Aamer is being handled as he feels they have been ``declared guilty without any evidence''.
They have been declared guilty without any evidence.
European stocks are expected to start higher Thursday after economic data out of China reignited hopes for central bank easing.
European stocks are expected to start.
Former British Cricket Captain Geoffrey Boycott: ``The question everybody keeps asking is how the hell did India get to number one in the world playing like this?
The everybody keeps is how the hell did India get to number one.
Milan President Silvio Berlusconi claims Alexandre Pato is better than Kaka and he wouldn`t change Ronaldinho for anyone else in the world.
Silvio Berlusconi claims Alexandre Pato is better than Kaka.
Australia will do ``no more and no less'' than other nations to fight climate change, Prime Minister Kevin Rudd said Tuesday, as he defended the outcome of global talks in Copenhagen.
Australia will do more and less than nations to fight climate change.
Baghdad blasts kill at least 28 Updated: 10:13, Monday February 18, 2013 A series of bombings mainly targeting Shi'ite areas of Baghdad has killed at least 28 people in the latest violence to hit Iraq as it struggles with protests and a political crisis.
Baghdad blasts kill at least 28 Updated 10:13.
Friday, The Rat Pack hit the stage at The Morris Theater, in downtown South Bend.
The Rat Pack hit the stage, in South Bend.
Eastman Kodak is preparing a Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection filing in case it is unable to sell its digital patents to raise capital, The Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
Eastman Kodak is preparing a Chapter 11 filing.
Deutsche Bank reported its first quarterly loss in five years on Tuesday morning after writing down the value of loans for leveraged buyouts and asset-backed securities by €2.7bn, reports Bloomberg.
Deutsche Bank reported its first loss in five years.
The Joint Committee on Education will host a public forum to discuss the issue of urban school governance on Tuesday, July 21, from 5:30-7:30 pm The public forum will be held at the Bruce Watkins Center, 3700 Blue Parkway.
The Joint Committee on Education will host a public forum.
China and India are set for slower but robust economic growth this year although sharply higher inflation looms as a key threat amid soaring global food and oil prices, the OECD said Wednesday.
China and India are set for slower growth although inflation looms.
Turkey will be the venue of uranium swap between Iran and and the West according to an agreement signed between Turkey, Iran and Brazil in Tehran on Monday.
Turkey will be the venue of uranium swap between Iran and and the West.
Rory McIlroy may skip the 2016 Olympics because of a problem over which country to represent.
Rory McIlroy may skip the 2016 Olympics.
Large Vic bushfire claims homes Updated: 15:01, Friday January 18, 2013 A large bushfire is believed to have destroyed homes in Seaton and Heyfield in Victoria's east.
Large Vic bushfire claims homes.
A man shot himself in the head in the parking lot of Harris Teeter in Darnestown early Tuesday morning, police said.
A man shot himself in the lot of Harris Teeter.
Consumer confidence in Britain has plunged to a record low following massive job losses amid the economic downturn, latest research shows.
Consumer confidence in Britain has plunged to a record low.
A construction worker was injured this afternoon after he fell about 25-feet into a sewer line in Summit County.
A construction worker was injured after he fell.
Metro airport officials said all Delta flights out of Nashville, both arriving and departing, are canceled until 9 am Thursday.
All Delta flights out of Nashville, arriving, are canceled.
Rio Tinto said Thursday it is pursuing a range of options, some of which are at an advanced stage, for maximising shareholder value and improving the group's capital structure.
Rio Tinto is pursuing a range of options.
New Zealand captain Daniel Vettori led a spirited Kiwi fightback with three cheap wickets on the fourth day of the first test against England at Lord's.
Daniel Vettori led a Kiwi fightback.
Flags at Australian Government departments and agencies will be flying at half mast on Sunday 11th November for Remembrance Day.
Flags will be flying at half mast for Remembrance Day.
China Eastern Airlines Corp., the nation's third-largest carrier, fell in Hong Kong trading after expanding a discounted sale of new shares to its parent.
China Eastern Airlines Corp. fell after expanding a sale of new shares.
A bad crash has thwarted the medal efforts of Auckland cyclist Myron Simpson on the final day of track competition at the junior world championships in South Africa today.
A crash has thwarted the medal efforts of Auckland cyclist Myron Simpson.
Goodrich Corporation announced that, at the special meeting of shareholders held today, Goodrich shareholders voted to approve the proposed merger with United Technologies Corp..
Goodrich shareholders voted to approve the merger with United Technologies Corp..
Ms Rantzen, 68, said she was ``more likely'' than not to stand against Luton South MP Margaret Moran.
Rantzen was likely to stand.
GATC Biotech is set to open a sequencing laboratory in London to provide scientists in UK and Ireland with single sample sequencing services.
GATC Biotech is set to open a laboratory in London.
Police arrested 8 suspects while trying to loot a passenger bus near Ornach.
Police arrested 8 suspects while trying to loot a bus.
Dubai International Boat Show is the only place to catch the latest cool marine gadgets which can guarantee you'll never be attacked by a shark again, allow you to dive to depths of 40 metres with the latest hydro-dynamic SEABOB, have you hurtling across the ocean at aircraft-like speeds, or ensure you never run out of petrol on the high seas with the world launch of the battery-powered engine!
You 'll never be attacked by a shark again.
News Service A Russian national has been charged in the US with allegedly hacking into brokerage accounts and executing fraudulent trades, which several brokerage houses claim caused US$1 million in losses.
A Russian national has been charged with hacking into brokerage accounts.
After giving up four first inning runs against the Washington Nationals on June 25, John Smoltz rightly redeemed himself tonight against the Baltimore Orioles before his outing was cut short due to an hour and 11 minute rain delay at Camden Yards.
John Smoltz redeemed himself against the Baltimore Orioles.
Deeply rooted discrimination against women in the political, economic, social and cultural spheres weakens society as a whole, the United Nations human rights chief said on the occasion of International Women's Day.
Discrimination against women weakens society.
A medical condition was the cause of an accident along Interstate 44 early Sunday morning.
A medical condition was the cause of an accident.
Prime Minister Najib Mikati, Interior Minister Marwan Charbel and Foreign Affairs Minister Adnan Mansour returned to Beirut from Turkey, the National News Agency reported on Friday.
Najib Mikati, returned from Turkey.
The ``Pennsylvania for Hillary'' campaign announced Saturday that Hillary Clinton will be returning to Pittsburgh for a campaign event on Wednesday, April 2.
Hillary Clinton will be returning to Pittsburgh.
A bizarre and tragic story has emerged out of Houston this week, where a 7-year-old child with autism accidentally shot and killed his 5-year-old brother after they were left alone in a motel room.
A child with autism accidentally shot and killed his brother.
Paula Deen has been nominated for a People's Choice Award, but she needs her fans to rally in order to win.
Paula Deen has been nominated for a People's Choice Award.
Edwin van der Sar is happy to put his 40th birthday celebrations on hold to aid Manchester United's quest for silverware.
Edwin van der Sar is happy to put his celebrations on hold.
Redskins DL Albert Haynesworth has failed his conditioning test again this morning, making it twice in two days that he has been unable to pass this test and move on to practice with the rest of the team.
Albert Haynesworth has failed his conditioning test again.
The infamous rivalry between the two superstars of Bollywood- Aamir and Shahrukh- is once again hogging the limelight with the former revealing that King Khan is ``scared'' to work with him.
King Khan is scared to work.
The British Ministry of Defense confirmed on Monday that a British soldier has been killed in southern Afghanistan.
A British soldier has been killed in southern Afghanistan.
BERKELEY, Calif. Authorities say Berkeley police shot and killed a suspect after he pointed a gun at them during a foot chase.
Berkeley police shot and killed a suspect.
IQinVision, market leader in high-performance HD megapixel IP cameras, today announced it has signed an agreement with Tri
IQinVision has signed with Tri.
The winter storm watch released by Environment Canada for Portage la Prairie has been upgraded to a winter storm warning, and Portagers are being asked to get ready for the worst.
The watch has been upgraded to a winter storm warning.
During excavations in Veliky Novgorod, north-west of Moscow, archaeologists found a fragment of an old musical instrument which might be 1,000 years old.
Archaeologists found a fragment of an old musical instrument.
A woman has been sexually assaulted during a violent home invasion in Sydney's south-west.
A woman has been sexually assaulted during a home invasion.
At the same time, one component of the Army wants to grow to accommodate a need to cover more areas of the world.
One component of the Army wants.
A Concord man has been charged with a sex offense involving a mentally disabled man.
A Concord man has been charged with a sex offense.
Bobbi Kristina Brown is planning on getting a nose job and a boob job in anticipation of her role on a Tyler Perry sitcom.
Bobbi Kristina Brown is planning on getting a nose job and a boob job on a Tyler Perry sitcom.
John Terry has confirmed that he has not heard from England manager Roy Hodgson as yet, but stated that he hopes he is included in the Three Lions squad for Euro 2012.
John Terry has not heard from Roy Hodgson.
A 24-year-old woman, who is suffering from four chronic diseases, is seeking public donations to undergo surgery in Kuala Lumpur next week.
A woman, who is suffering from four chronic diseases, is seeking public donations to undergo surgery.
In an unlikely place, a small bistro cafe has opened in an automotive body shop, offering more than just soup and sandwiches.
A small bistro cafe has opened in an automotive body shop.
Torrent Power today announced that it has signed turnkey EPC contracts with Siemens AG, Germany and Siemens, India.
Torrent Power has signed EPC contracts with Siemens AG.
Sourcefire, an open source innovator and creator of SNORT, announced that the National Center for Missing \u0026 Exploited Children recently deployed the Sourcefire 3D System in an effort to protect confidential information and provide network visibility throughout its entire organization.
The National Center for Missing \u0026 Exploited Children deployed the Sourcefire 3D System.
Cellphone and instant messaging addictions are driven by materialism and impulsiveness and are compared to compulsive buying and credit card misuse, research shows.
Cellphone addictions are driven by materialism.
Congress general secretary, Rahul Gandhi, has said that people should not always look upto him to solve their problems.
People should not always look to solve their problems.
A metro toddler is in good condition after falling from a second story balcony.
A toddler is after falling from a second story balcony.
A public funeral service is planned for Elizabeth Edwards, who lost her 6 year battle with breast cancer on Tuesday.
A public funeral service is planned for Elizabeth Edwards.
Former Vice President, Prof. Gilbert Bukenya is to appeal against the constitutional court ruling of Wednesday which said that he has no presidential immunity.
President, Gilbert Bukenya is to appeal against the constitutional court ruling.
The government's Applied Institute of Economic Research said Brazil, which has the world's second-largest black population after Nigeria, is decades away from racial equality despite public policies aimed at decreasing the gap.
Brazil is decades away from racial equality.
A AAA Michigan insurance agent has been charged in the death of a 46-year-old tow truck driver from Ann Arbor.
A insurance agent has been charged in the death of a tow truck driver.
Consulting and technology services provider ICF International Inc. said Tuesday it received an $11.7 million contract from the Department of Health and Human Services Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
ICF International Inc. received an $ 11.7 million contract.
Moody, a global rating agency has said that risks to the Indian economy have grown, but not to the extent that its currency ratings are vulnerable.
Risks to the Indian economy have grown, but not to the extent.
Heifer International Monday unveiled a new 25-kilowatt solar panel array that will provide supplemental electric power to Heifer's headquarters building and the Murphy Keller Education Building.
Heifer International Monday unveiled a solar panel array.
A former county commissioner and community activist credited by his peers with launching Maury County's recycling and litter-control efforts died Tuesday afternoon at the age of 71.
A former county commissioner died.
With all of the oil and gas drilling taking place locally, ODOT has teamed up with The Ohio Department of Natural Resources on an agreement to protect local roads.
ODOT has teamed up on an agreement to protect local roads.
In a major development ahead of Congress president Sonia Gandhi's visit to her constituency of Rae Bareli, the Uttar Pradesh government has reportedly withdrawn the land it sanctioned for a rail coach factory.
The Uttar Pradesh government has withdrawn the land it sanctioned for a rail coach factory.
Three minor children were today injured in an explosion in Kupwara district of north Kashmir, police said.
Three minor children were today injured in an explosion.
Barack Obama created history on Tuesday when he became the first black man to be elected president of the United States of America.
Barack Obama created history.
A Google Webmaster Help thread has one webmaster being a bit obsessed about making sure Google does not know he has affiliate links on his web site.
He has affiliate links on his site.
Telecom director, Mudassar Hussain, told the Lahore High Court that a globally useful website cannot be blocked completely for containing objectionable material against Moonis Elahi.
A useful website can not be blocked.
``Hamas is certainly not an Iranian puppet,'' he says.
Hamas is not an Iranian puppet.
TREASURER Wayne Swan says the worst of the global economic downturn may be over but Australia still needs further fiscal stimulus.
Wayne Swan says the worst may be over.
The European Central Bank cut its interest rates by a half percentage point to 2 percent on Thursday, moving to protect the continent's economy against a deep recession amid increasingly grim economic data.
The European Central Bank cut its rates to 2 percent.
STPI, which has started the finishing school on a pilot basis at Chennai, is planning to extend to other parts of the country.
STPI has started the finishing school.
President Michael Sata has directed the Zambia Police to provide maximum security to Paramount Chief Mpezeni of the Ngoni people in Eastern province.
President Michael Sata has directed the Zambia Police to provide maximum security to Paramount Chief Mpezeni.
Portland is like Algebra, it is hard and it's complicated and I just don't get it.
Portland is like Algebra.
UK small caps were firmer midday, matching gains on the broader indices with Nestor Healthcare surging after announcing that it is in early takeover talks.
UK small caps were firmer midday.
Two young brothers have admitted a shocking attack on a nine-year-old and an 11-year-old boy today.
Two young brothers have admitted a shocking attack and an boy.
Fifty buildings were destroyed by a 21,500-acre wildfire raging in Northern California that has forced the evacuation of about 3,000 people near the small town of Manton, fire officials have said.
Buildings were destroyed by a wildfire raging.
AC Milan midfielder Gennaro Gattuso has been banned for four matches after UEFA ruled he had ``assaulted'' Tottenham coach Joe Jordan.
Gennaro Gattuso has been banned for four matches.
Philippine share prices closed flat on Wednesday in the absence of leads abroad and at home, dealers said.
Philippine share prices closed flat.
India successfully tested a supersonic cruise missile from a moving ship for the first time on Thursday, in what officials said was a major boost for the South Asian nation's defence capabilities.
India successfully tested a supersonic cruise missile.
DG®, a leading provider of digital media services to the advertising, entertainment and broadcast industries, today reported record first quarter 2011 financial results.
DG ®, today reported record first quarter 2011 results.
CNN is reviving ``Crossfire'' in the fall with conservative hosts Newt Gingrich and SE Cupp and liberals Stephanie Cutter and Van Jones.
CNN is reviving Crossfire with Newt Gingrich and SE Cupp and Stephanie Cutter and Van Jones.
This morning, Mayor Emanuel highlighted the importance of all students getting back to school on the first day, greeting students, parents, teachers and school leaders at LEARN Hunter Perkins school as they made their way to the first day of class for the 2013-2014 school year.
Mayor Emanuel highlighted the importance of all students getting back to school on the first day.
Columbia Regional Airport is considering an around 40 million dollar expansion plan.
Columbia Regional Airport is considering an expansion plan.
VMware will acquire Nicira for approximately $1.05 billion in cash plus approximately $210 million of assumed unvested equity awards.
VMware will acquire Nicira.
Here's how you can bookmark a page of expressandstar.com in your Web browser so you can easily return to it later.
How you can bookmark a page.
AJMAN // Two workers were seriously injured when the scaffolding they were standing on collapsed at a building under construction.
Two workers were injured the scaffolding collapsed.
A dog in Germany gave birth to 17 puppies in September and, although a lot of work was involved on the part of the dog and her owners, all of the animals are doing fine.
A dog gave birth to 17 puppies.
The Tennessee baseball team is set to begin fall practice next week at Robert M. Lindsay Field at Lindsey Nelson Stadium.
The baseball team is set to begin fall practice next week.
Very sad news today, Black Sabbath guitarist Tony Iommi has been diagnosed with cancer.
Black Sabbath guitarist Tony Iommi has been diagnosed with cancer.
Boeing Co. officially planted its flag in North Charleston, taking control of the former Vought Aircraft plant while analyzing whether to build a second assembly line for its 787 jet in the Lowcountry.
Boeing Co. planted, taking control of the former Vought Aircraft plant.
The first GOP presidential primary debate of the cycle has been pushed back from May to September.
The first presidential debate has been pushed back to September.
Teen pop sensation Justin Bieber, who did a convincing imitation of a British person in a recent interview, says he wants to take lessons to perfect his English accent.
Justin Bieber says he wants to take to perfect his English accent.
Irish pop singer Ronan Keating has revealed that he is not only writing a new album for Boyzone, but also the Eurovision Song Contest entry for Denmark too.
Ronan Keating is writing, but also the Eurovision Song Contest entry for Denmark.
Crystal Palace manager Neil Warnock has confirmed he is keen to open talks with Clinton Morrison about a new contract.
Neil Warnock is keen to open talks.
Pakatan Rakyat has rejected the proposed unity talks and the formation of a unity government with Umno.
Pakatan Rakyat has rejected the unity talks.
A Floyd County man was killed in a single vehicle crash near Prestonsburg.
A Floyd County man was killed in a crash.
Defense Minister Chaudhry Ahmed Mukhtar has said that country's defense has been made impregnable and invincible.
Country's defense has been made impregnable.
European shares extended their gains by midday on Wednesday, tracking a rise in US stock index futures and helped by a report that a bailout for US bond insurer Ambac Financial Group was near.
European shares extended their gains, tracking a rise in US futures.
Ganzhou City of China's Jiangxi Province plans to spend around RMB 1.8 billion to procure tungsten and rare earth products to stabilize market prices, sources reported.
Ganzhou City plans to spend to procure tungsten and rare earth products.
IT services provider Mahindra Satyam today said it is expanding its partnership with open source content management system provider Alfresco from APAC region to Middle-East region.
Mahindra Satyam is expanding its partnership with Alfresco.
Unlike two other health care organizations in the city, St. Joseph Hospital has long paid full property taxes on its medical offices.
St. Joseph Hospital has paid full taxes.
Demand is high for free medical screenings and preventive care at a San Jose health fair.
Demand is high for free screenings at a San Jose health fair.
Hyundai Motors has said profit rose 31% in the first quarter as strong sales in the US and Europe helped to offset lower demand in its domestic market.
Hyundai Motors has said profit rose 31%.
He is traveling from Geneva, Switzerland, where he just met with senior government officials from Pakistan and Afghanistan who were attending the Executive Committee of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
He is traveling from Geneva he met with officials from Pakistan and Afghanistan.
2008 ``American Idol'' finalist David Archuleta releases a song bundle June 9 on iTunes.
David Archuleta releases a song bundle on iTunes.
A new British legal rights group kicks off a global campaign to decriminalise homosexuality in scores of countries across the world when it embarks on a first test case in the courts of Belize, says a report in The Guardian.
A group kicks off a global campaign to decriminalise homosexuality.
Tens of thousands of unsafe or decaying bridges are having to wait for repairs despite President Obama's pledge to rebuild such structures under his 787 billion dollar stimulus plan.
Tens of thousands of unsafe or decaying bridges are having to wait for repairs.
A 5.3 magnitude tremor shook Dominican Republic at 9:37 am Wednesday, the Santo Domingo State University's UASD Seismology Institute reports.
A 5.3 magnitude tremor shook Dominican Republic.
Casey Anthony will be arraigned this morning on several charges including first-degree murder in the death of her daughter, Caylee Marie Anthony.
Casey Anthony will be arraigned this morning on several charges.
Several WWE workers have already arrived in Puerto Rico for the weekend SmackDown/ECW shows in San Juan, Arecibo and Ponce.
WWE workers have arrived in Puerto Rico.
When is it OK to call 911, and when should you call another number?
When is it OK to call 911.
Gov. Mike Beebe has signed into law a ban on abortion coverage in the health insurance exchange but says he's still concerned about two other abortion restrictions pending in the Legislature.
Mike Beebe has signed a ban on abortion coverage.
Hungarian and US soldiers will train an Afghan battalion to be deployed in Baghlan province, N Afghanistan, from next April, Hungarian Defence Minister Imre Szekeres told MTI in the camp of Hungarian soldiers on Thursday.
Hungarian and US soldiers will train an Afghan battalion.
Bernhard Langer won his first senior major title on Sunday, holding off a final-round challenge from Corey Pavin for a one-stroke win in the Senior British Open in Carnoustie, Scotland.
Bernhard Langer won his first senior major title.
Kuwait and Cyprus said on Tuesday they would explore reciprocal investment opportunities, such as in energy and services, as they signed a deal to avoid double taxation of companies operating in the two countries.
Kuwait and Cyprus said they would explore investment opportunities.
An explosive device of an unidentified model went off near the prosecutor's office in the Sunzhensky district, Ingushetia, at 23.40 on Saturday.
An explosive device went off near the prosecutor's office in the district, Ingushetia.
BALLARAT Red Devils have signed an Irish Premier League player for the next two seasons.
BALLARAT Red Devils have signed an Irish Premier League player.
One woman was killed and another was injured Wednesday afternoon in a Sayler Park crash.
One woman was killed and another was injured in a Sayler Park crash.
A new site dedicated to Twitter Marketing claims that blogging is on its way out and is being replaced by Twitter, the micro-blogging phenomenon that has taken the net by storm.
A site claims blogging is on its way and is being replaced by Twitter.
Foreign Minister Alexander Stubb will make a visit to Copenhagen on Tuesday, 16 November.
Foreign Minister Alexander Stubb will make a visit to Copenhagen.
Already missing Tiger Woods as he recovers from knee surgery, Torrey Pines lost the other half of its US Open memory when Rocco Mediate withdrew Monday from the Buick Invitational.
Rocco Mediate withdrew from the Buick Invitational.
The Western Force have released Scott Fava on compassionate grounds and the former Wallabies back-rower is now set to join NSW.
The Western Force have released Scott Fava.
A 24-year-old Jordan man was killed in a head-on crash Friday night on icy Highway 12 near Delano in Wright County.
A Jordan man was killed in a head - on crash.
France celebrated Bastille Day yesterday under a cloud of controversy as Syrian President Bashar Al Assad joined dozens of leaders to watch the traditional military parade on the Champs Elysees.
France celebrated Bastille Day.
The Republican Party of ``NO'' has been accused of having no platform, no plan.
The Republican Party has been accused of having no platform.
Kym Marsh and Jamie Lomas only reunited a matter of weeks ago, however now a split may be on the cards again as Jamie has reportedly decided to spend more time in America.
Kym Marsh and Jamie Lomas reunited, a split may be again.
Over the last 10 years, three policeman and a prison warden were jailed and fined for drug trafficking.
Three policeman and a prison warden were jailed and fined for drug trafficking.
Duke Energy Corp. will buy Progress Energy Inc. for $13.7 billion in stock, creating the largest US utility and increasing its ability to build new power plants to meet future greenhouse-gas emissions limits.
Duke Energy Corp. will buy Progress Energy Inc. for $ 13.7 billion.
Saudi women are now getting behind the wheel in the Muslim holy land as a protest for banning them from driving.
Saudi women are getting behind the wheel.
Algeria has lifted its state of emergency after 19 years following last month's protests that threatened President Abdelaziz Bouteflika's decades-old regime.
Algeria has lifted its state of emergency after 19 years.
The United Way of Bar-tholomew County fundraising campaign launched with op-timism at Thursday's Neighborfest.
The United Way of campaign launched at Thursday's Neighborfest.
Two women who were yesterday arrested at an Embu town lodging after drugging an alleged medical doctor awaiting to be escorted to the police while at the room in Embu.
Two women arrested at an Embu lodging after drugging an doctor.
International Business Machines, Armonk, NY, has been assigned a patent developed by Ron Ben-Natan, Lexington, Mass., for a ``network intrusion blocking security overlay.''
International Business Machines, has been assigned a patent, for a network intrusion blocking security overlay.
About 22 out of 100,000 children in Kuwait suffer from diabetes, said Dasman Center for Research and Treatment of Diabetes on Wednesday.
About 22 out of 100,000 children in Kuwait suffer from diabetes.
AN Indian restaurant faces a fine of up to £50,000 after five staff were arrested by immigration officials.
AN restaurant faces a fine after five staff were arrested.
Experimental pop outfit Metronomy have curated the latest Late Night Tales compilation.
Metronomy have curated the Late Night Tales compilation.
Yahoo Inc. is setting up a new chain of command amid the turmoil triggered by the embattled Internet icon's snub of Microsoft Corp.'s $47.5 billion takeover bid.
Yahoo Inc. is setting up a new chain of command.
Toro Rosso will stick with the same lineup for the 2010 Formula One season after confirming that Spanish driver Jaime Alguersuari will partner Sebastian Buemi.
Toro Rosso will stick with the same lineup after confirming Jaime Alguersuari partner Sebastian Buemi.
Prime Minister Syed Yusuf Raza Gilani Monday said that the democratic Government is committed to making Pakistan a trade, investment and financial hub.
The Government is committed to making Pakistan a trade, investment hub.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan ruled out yesterday general amnesty for Kurdish rebels amid renewed peace talks between the country's secret services and jailed Kurdish leader Abdullah Ocalan.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan ruled out amnesty for Kurdish rebels.
The Chernobyl nuclear disaster is remembered on its 27th anniversary.
The Chernobyl nuclear disaster is remembered.
Under terms of a pact that is being worked out, Fiat is likely to take a 35% stake in Chrysler by the middle of this year, the Journal reports, citing people familiar with the matter.
Fiat is likely to take a 35% stake in Chrysler.
A Malaysian court has allowed a joint trial for 54 ethnic Indians who took part in an ``illegal'' assembly organised by a non-governmental Hindu group in November last year to protest against the alleged marginalisation of the community.
A Malaysian court has allowed a joint trial for 54 ethnic Indians.
Today, TXU Energy announced it has again declared a summer moratorium on disconnects for customers designated as low-income, ill or disabled or who are at least 62 years of age this summer.
TXU Energy has declared a summer moratorium on disconnects.
Funny man Robin Williams was said to be recovering well Monday from heart surgery and was even back to joking with his fans.
Robin Williams was said to be recovering from surgery.
Olympic cyclist Mark Jamieson has avoided a jail term for child sex offences that have wrecked his international cycling career.
Mark Jamieson has avoided a jail term.
TWO British soldiers were killed in a bomb blast in southern Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence said today.
TWO soldiers were killed in a blast.
But the Lions haven't been anywhere near as good as Johnson hoped they'd be, and he admits that all the losing wears on him.
The losing wears on Johnson.
NAPOLI missed several excellent scoring chances to draw 0-0 at home with Genoa in the Serie A yesterday.
NAPOLI missed to draw 0 0 at home with Genoa in the Serie A.
Washington/The US denied reports Tuesday that a military plane carrying senior US officers was forced to land in Iran, following conflicting reports by Iranian media about an airspace violation.
The US denied reports a military plane was forced to land in Iran.
LONDON -Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard has been voted Footballer of the Year by England's Football Writer's Association after the midfielder's efforts helped put the Reds in contention for their first Premier League title since 1990.
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard has been voted Footballer of the Year.
Kevin Love has vowed to come back stronger than ever after a disappointing, injury-plagued season with the Minnesota Timberwolves.
Kevin Love has vowed to come back stronger than ever.
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank readied its first payout to shareholders in three years as its problems with bad debts eased last year.
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank readied its payout.
Pellissippi State Community College will present five performances of ``Six Characters in Search of an Author'' at 8 pm April 9, 10, 16 and 17 and at 2 pm April 18 in the Clayton Performing Arts Center on the Pellissippi Campus, 10915 Hardin Valley Road, Knoxville.
Pellissippi State Community College will present five performances of Six Characters in Search of an Author.
India today called off cricket team's tour to Pakistan scheduled to be held in January-February 2009 in wake of the recent developments in the Mumbai terror attacks.
India today called off cricket team's tour to Pakistan.
Car maker Ford India, the 100 per cent subsidiary of Ford Motor Corporation , USA plans to export its hatchback Figo to newer markets.
Ford India USA plans to export its hatchback Figo to newer markets.
Cayuga County has scheduled three seasonal flu and pneumonia vaccination clinics for October.
Cayuga County has scheduled three vaccination clinics.
Cane supply to the three sugar mills in the western division was affected last weekend.
Cane supply was affected.
India has no plans to review subsidies on food, fertilisers and fuel, Namo Narain Meena, a junior finance minister said in a written reply to Parliament on Tuesday.
India has no plans to review subsidies.
Bush assured Americans that the battered US economy will ``pull through'' despite continuing housing woes and a spike in inflation.
Bush assured the US economy will pull.
Two Dallas police officers have been fired after one was found to have marijuana in her bloodstream after being arrested for driving while intoxicated and another officer came to work drunk.
Two Dallas police officers have been fired.
Industrial Nanotech, Inc., an emerging global leader in nanotechnology based energy saving solutions, today announced that Coats plc, the world's largest manufacturer of thread and needlecraft supplies, has invested in Industrial Nanotech's patented Nansulate® thermal coatings.
Coats plc has invested in Industrial Nanotech's patented thermal coatings.
Gold prices bounce back amid a warming condition of Egypt, the United States manufacturing data, which strengthened as well as worries that began to fade in the eurozone.
Gold prices bounce back.
Bentley's new V8 powered variant of the Continental GT may get an Audi derived dual clutch gearbox.
Variant of the Continental GT may get an Audi derived dual clutch gearbox.
Central bankers from the world's industrialised and developing regions voiced concern yesterday over surging food and energy prices, their latest big challenge as globalisation unsettles the balance of supply and demand.
Central bankers voiced concern over food and energy prices.
Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho has been banned for one Champions League match for instructing players to get deliberate red cards so they could serve suspensions in a meaningless game.
Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho has been banned for one Champions League match.
CHILDREN will be encouraged to get cooking at a food festival in Great Missenden this weekend.
CHILDREN will be encouraged to get cooking at a food festival this weekend.
VILLAGERS from West Moors will fight to keep their library open again today, arguing that it does not even deserve to be considered for closure.
VILLAGERS will fight to keep their library open.
Absolute Radio today launched its digital radio station, Dabbl, which will focus on live-music programming.
Absolute Radio today launched its digital station, Dabbl.
Adam Schefter has the latest on QB Carson Palmer, who is unlikely to restructure his contract with the Oakland Raiders despite speculation that the two sides would work out a new deal.
Carson Palmer is unlikely to restructure his contract.
The US and Afghan governments have begun secret three-way talks with the Taliban , Afghan President Hamid Karzai told the Wall Street Journal, in a move that could bolster US-led efforts to convene fully fledged peace talks within months.
The US and Afghan governments have begun secret talks with the Taliban.
Former President George W. Bush has joined Facebook, going live with an official page this morning.
Former President George W. Bush has joined Facebook.
A former Southern California doctor has been ordered to trial on 14 felony sex counts involving female patients.
A doctor has been ordered to trial on 14 felony sex counts.
Karen Elson has returned to modeling for the first time since her split from husband Jack White.
Karen Elson has returned to modeling.
Police are appealing for assistance from the public following an armed robbery at a hotel in Rockdale overnight.
Police are appealing for assistance following an armed robbery at a hotel.
Deputy Managing Director of Dutch-Bangla Bank Ltd Abul Kashem Md Shirin has asked the officials of the bank to help the small and medium entrepreneurs by financing retail and SME products.
Director has asked to help the small and medium entrepreneurs by financing retail and SME products.
Coffee producers in Central and Latin America are being tempted away from traditional local cooperatives by multinationals as they look to cash in on strong demand for coffee beans.
Coffee producers are being tempted by multinationals.
International traders and a Chinese supplier are to file a lawsuit against the Brazilian service center Comafal, due to unpaid imported cargoes, Steel Business Briefing learns from a European trader.
Traders are to file a lawsuit against the Brazilian service center.
NelsonHall has recently published its latest Software Testing market analysis, and there are some surprises.
NelsonHall has published its Software Testing market analysis.
The Reserve Bank of Australia says its efforts to ease the strain in domestic money markets, following the global financial market turmoil, are working well.
Its efforts to ease the strain are working.
North Korea is handing out free uniforms to all students in the communist state to celebrate the 100th birthday of its deceased founder Kim Il-Sung, Pyongyang said Saturday.
North Korea is handing out free uniforms to all students.
US Rep. James McGovern, D-Worcester, will visit Amherst and Belchertown on Monday, July 16, as part of his ongoing small-business tour of the new 2nd Congressional District.
US Rep. James McGovern will visit Amherst and Belchertown, as part of his ongoing tour of the new 2nd Congressional District.
WOODSTOCK, ONT. A police officer in Woodstock, Ont., has been demoted for fleeing the scene of an accident.
WOODSTOCK, A police officer has been demoted.
Phil Pressey had a career-best 22 points with four assists and five steals, helping No. 24 Missouri beat Mercer 81-63 on Monday.
Missouri beat Mercer 81 63.
ACCBank has filed a petition to wind up Radora Developments, the company behind one of property developer Bernard McNamara's flagship projects.
ACCBank has filed a petition to wind up Radora Developments.
Simon Pagenaud won the crash-filled Detroit Grand Prix on Sunday for his first IndyCar victory.
Simon Pagenaud won the Detroit Grand Prix.
United States Senator Mary L. Landrieu, D-La., Chair of the Senate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, and Olympia J. Snowe, Ranking Member, today offered a resolution honoring National Small Business Week.
Mary L. Landrieu, and Olympia J. Snowe today offered a resolution honoring National Small Business Week.
Himalayan group of professional institution Oagali organized a Mega recruitment fest on Saturday in the campus.
Himalayan group Oagali organized a Mega recruitment fest.
JERSEY IS SET to keep its 0/10 corporate tax regime after a review by the EU, but will ditch its distributable profits anti-avoidance rule.
JERSEY IS to keep its 0/10 corporate tax regime.
The FTSE 100 Index slumped by as much as 10% today as global recession fears rocked world markets.
The FTSE 100 Index slumped as global recession fears rocked world markets.
A man allegedly committed suicide after beating his pregnant wife to death over a dispute on house-hold chores in Patara village in the district, police said on Saturday.
A man committed suicide after beating his pregnant wife to death.
Companies across the US economy are finding ways to do more with fewer workers, dimming hopes that hiring will take off anytime soon.
Companies are finding ways to do more with fewer workers.
Mercedes motorsport chief Toto Wolff on Monday played down expectations for the Formula One season after the team's top test times in pre-season testing in Barcelona.
Toto Wolff played down expectations.
The Chabad House in Mumbai has a new permanent rabbi and rebbitzin a year and a half after the previous couple were gunned down by terrorists, authorities say.
The Chabad House in Mumbai has a new rabbi.
A mother in Iowa was arrested after her toddler was found to be legally drunk!
A mother was arrested after her toddler was found to be drunk.
Corn Products International Inc. said it plans to change its name to Ingredion, to better reflect its product offerings and shed its image as an agricultural company.
Corn Products International Inc. plans to change its name.
Muggers shot a spinning factory official and snatched Tk 69 lakhs from him at Shibpur upazila around 3pm yesterday.
Muggers shot a factory official and snatched Tk 69 lakhs.
The system of Tianhe-1A at the National Supercomputer in Tianjin has reached 2.57 petaflops performance level.
The system of Tianhe-1A has reached 2.57 petaflops performance level.
Now, Cuban says he might be willing to take a look at the financially-strapped Los Angeles Dodgers.
Cuban might be willing to take a look at the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Canada's Minister of Industry, Hon. Tony Clement meets with Canada India Foundation to detail his party's India engagement strategy, including the $12 million Canada-India Excellence Research Chair program.
Canada's Minister of Industry, Hon. Tony Clement meets with Canada India Foundation to detail his party's engagement strategy.
A Nashua man has been charged with drunken boating after an accident on Red Cedar Lake in Nashua Tuesday night.
A Nashua man has been charged with drunken boating.
Two people familiar with his case say rapper TI is expected to plead guilty today to federal weapons charges and will face prison time.
TI is expected to plead guilty.
A South Korean hypnotist has been fined for stealing a kiss on a blind date with a woman he thought he had successfully put in a trance, news reports said Thursday.
A hypnotist has been fined for stealing a kiss on a date.
At a time in history where American influence, economic, and political power seems to be fading in the global community, professors Edward A. Kolodziej and Roger E. Kanet offer an attempt to explain the situation in ``From Superpower to Besieged Global Power: Restoring World Order after the Failure of the Bush Doctrine.''
Professors offer an attempt to explain in From Superpower to Besieged Global Power : Restoring World Order after the Failure of the Bush Doctrine.
John Abraham hurt his nose on the sets of Sanjay Gupta's under-production Shootout At Wadala.
John Abraham hurt on the sets of Sanjay Gupta's Shootout At Wadala.
An Australian soldier in East Timor was found dead from a gunshot wound inside a locked toilet cubicle, hours after a sergeant ``dressed him down'' for mislaying his rifle, an inquiry has heard.
An soldier was found dead, hours dressed down.
The Rubber Board has launched a group life insurance-cum-terminal benefit scheme for tappers working in the small holding sector.
The Rubber Board has launched a group life insurance cum terminal scheme for tappers.
Chad Reineke, a former starting pitcher for the Miami University baseball team, made his major league debut for the San Diego Padres in Petco Park, Saturday night against the Philadelphia Phillies.
Chad Reineke made his major league debut.
Forward Josh Childress will make his official Suns debut in tonight's season-opening game at Portland despite suffering a right index finger fracture a week ago.
Josh Childress will make his Suns debut in tonight's game.
The Trenton Thunder, Double-A Affiliate of the New York Yankees, have announced that RHP Jeff Marquez has been transferred from Scranton/Wilkes-Barre to Trenton.
Jeff Marquez has been transferred from Scranton Wilkes-Barre to Trenton.
Two fugitives were taken into custody earlier today by the Tuscaloosa County Sheriff's Department.
Two fugitives were taken into custody by the Tuscaloosa County Sheriff's Department.
Singapore's Foreign Minister George Yeo will make a five-day visit to New Delhi, India from August 1.
George Yeo will make a visit to New Delhi, India.
Richard Gasquet has withdrawn from the French Open because of a left knee injury.
Richard Gasquet has withdrawn from the French Open.
- County police are investigating two separate accidents in which pedestrians were struck and killed New Year's Eve.
Pedestrians were struck and killed New Year's Eve.
At a time when the aerospace industry is fretful about federal spending, defense contractor Raytheon Co. announced plans to eliminate one of its business units and slash 200 jobs.
Raytheon Co. announced plans to eliminate and slash 200 jobs.
New Delhi, Dec 17:The teachers' associations, who are on strike in various universities demanding early implementation of the Chadha committee report, suspended their agitation following the announcement made by government to revise their pay scales from January 1, 2006.
New Delhi, Dec 17:The teachers ' associations suspended their agitation.
Dozens of ``rough sleepers'' will hope for a frost free evening when they camp out at Watford Football Club.
Dozens of rough sleepers will hope they camp out at Watford Football Club.
Bullfrog Power, Canada's 100 per cent green energy provider, will celebrate the Alberta launch of its new green natural gas product--the first and only 100 per cent green natural gas product to be widely available to homes and businesses across Canada--at the River Café in Calgary.
Bullfrog Power will celebrate the Alberta launch -- the green natural gas product.
Apple today released the OS X Lion v10.7.4 update, which among other things fixes the FileVault password bug.
Apple today released the OS X Lion v10.7.4 update, which fixes the FileVault password bug.
Attorney General JB Van Hollen announced today that an Onalaska woman has been convicted of filing fraudulent insurance claims, a misdemeanor.
An Onalaska woman has been convicted of filing fraudulent insurance claims.
A church brochure illustrated with what appeared to be a cannabis leaf has raised eyebrows in the northern Swedish city of Umea, reports said Wednesday.
A church brochure has raised eyebrows.
British model-turned-actress Lily Cole has landed the lead role in a student play at Britain's prestigious Cambridge University.
Lily Cole has landed the lead role in a student play.
Gov. John Baldacci has signed a law that creates a new specialty license plate to benefit the state's Animal Welfare Program.
John Baldacci has signed a law that creates a new specialty plate.
So now that the company has filed for bankruptcy protection, what's the next move for Kodak?
What's the next move for Kodak.
European stocks recovered some lost ground on Thursday ahead of the Easter break, a day after sharp losses on fresh concerns about the eurozone economy and Spain's ability to slash its deficit.
European stocks recovered some lost ground.
Quark and Alfresco Software have announced a new partnership to develop integrated enterprise-class publishing and content management solutions for professional and corporate publishers.
Quark and Alfresco Software have announced a partnership.
Newcastle midfielder Hatem Ben Arfa has been ruled out until the end of the season with a hamstring injury.
Newcastle midfielder Hatem Ben Arfa has been ruled out until the end of the season.
Britain's ill-fated Mars probe, Beagle 2, may have crashed because of a miscalculation rather than a malfunction, say scientists.
Britain's probe, Beagle 2, may have crashed because of a miscalculation.
Tim Lincecum said Monday that he's open to continuing contract extension talks into the season.
Tim Lincecum's open to continuing contract talks.
Paradigm has appointed Arshad Matin as president, CEO, and a member of the board of directors.
Paradigm has appointed as president, CEO.
A Pentagon-directed task force recommends that Air Force Space Command take over the air service's overall nuclear mission in addition to its responsibility as stewards of the nation's military satellite assets, the chairman of the panel told reporters during a briefing today at the Pentagon.
A task force recommends Air Force Space Command take over the air service's overall nuclear mission.
A 21-year-old woman has pleaded guilty to shooting and killing her father and then burning his body after she says he tried to rape her.
A woman has pleaded guilty to shooting and killing her father and then burning his body.
A VOCAL group for women already established in Werrington, Bourne and Langtoft is starting a new group in Longthorpe next week.
A VOCAL group, is starting.
Facts and ideas can't be copyrighted but how they are presented can be.
Facts and ideas can't be copyrighted.
12-08-08, 12:00, - Finstar Properties plans to develop three retail centers in Ulyanovsk by the end of 2010.
Finstar Properties plans to develop three retail centers in Ulyanovsk by the end of 2010.
Talk Talk is the most complained about ISP, according to new data from telecoms regulator Ofcom.
Talk Talk is the most complained about ISP.
A series of official photos of Prince William at work with the Royal Air Force has exposed several RAF passwords and other sensitive data.
A series of photos of Prince William has exposed RAF passwords.
Plans are afoot to further train police officers and enhance the fight against crime, Police Minister Nathi Mthethwa says.
Plans are afoot to further train police officers.
Democrats ``dropped the ball'' by not ensuring that Pat Riley's nomination for Lorain law director was filed by deadline and Republicans aren't to blame, according to Michael Scherach, the Republican nominee for the position.
Democrats dropped the ball.
A Roswell city councilman will hold a water conservation workshop next week, to help residents navigate the new rules for outdoor watering.
A Roswell councilman will hold a water conservation workshop.
Mexico City, June 4 Mexican actor Enrique Lizalde died here Monday, the Mexican Arts and Cinematographic Sciences Academy, of AMACC, announced via the social media networks.
Mexican actor Enrique Lizalde died.
An arrest warrant has been issued for troubled former Melbourne AFL player Liam Jurrah after he failed to attend an Adelaide court on Tuesday.
An warrant has been issued for Liam Jurrah.
Tempers flared Tuesday night at the Toledo Board of Education meeting, as simmering tensions between employees and the district over negotiations became public, foreshadowing a likely contentious battle over requested employee pay and rights concessions.
Tempers flared at the Board of meeting.
Pete Doherty has started work on a new Babyshambles album with producer Stephen Street, who produced the band's last full-length effort, 2007's 'Shotters Nation'.
Pete Doherty has started work on a new Babyshambles album with Stephen Street.
In a recently released FDA report, wrinkle fillers are linked to serious side effects.
Wrinkle fillers are linked to serious side effects.
US Preventive Medicine Inc. has hired former Secretary of Health \u0026 Human Services Tommy Thompson to serve as the company's national policy adviser.
US Preventive Medicine Inc. has hired Tommy Thompson.
Well now Cryptic officially announces their next MMO, Champions Online - an online version of the Champions RPG!
Cryptic announces their MMO, Champions Online.
Swedish MEP Eva-Britt Svensson has resigned from the European Parliament for health reasons.
MEP Eva-Britt Svensson has resigned.
Several San Juan County destinations were featured in the Aug. 29 issue of ``Woman's World'' weekly magazine.
San Juan County destinations were featured in the issue of Woman's World magazine.
Heavyweight contender Leo Nolan, 27-2, steps back into the ring on April 24th.
Leo Nolan steps back into the ring.
A protester was arrested at a Bill Clinton campaign stop in Corpus ChristiThe man, who wasn't identified, held a sign during Clinton's speech that said the September 11th, 2001, attacks were an inside job.
A protester was arrested at a Bill Clinton campaign stop held.
Bangladesh skipper Mushfiqur Rahim on Tuesday hit back at the West Indies head coach Ottis Gibson for his comments that the hosts have ``had it easy'' in the first two ODIs because the Windies batsmen gave away wickets cheaply, saying his bowlers had forced the tourists to gift the wickets.
Mushfiqur Rahim hit back at the coach Ottis Gibson.
An additional 225 billion cubic metre of rainwater storage capacity has been created in the country to replenish the rapidly decling water table in the country.
An additional 225 billion cubic metre of rainwater storage capacity has been created.
Vietnam will launch the first remote sensing satellite, VNREDSat-1, into orbit on May 4 from the Kourou launch pad, Guyana, France, reported the Communist Party of Vietnam on its website, quoting sources from the Vietnam Academy of Science and Technology as saying.
Vietnam will launch the first remote sensing satellite into orbit.
Yahoo is closing its San Francisco-based Brickhouse development lab, an in-house incubator opened last year where small development teams developed products including Yahoo Pipes, Yahoo Live, and Fire Eagle.
Yahoo is closing its Brickhouse lab.
All roads in northern Kosovo were unblocked about 12 am, after EULEX police finished its operation in the area of Zubin Potok and started its return to southern part of Kosovska Mitrovica.
All roads in northern Kosovo were unblocked.
12 hours, 31 minutes ago in Beauty products seller Avon Products said Friday that its chairman and former CEO Andrea Jung will step down at the end of the year, ending her 18-year tenure at the company.
Its chairman and CEO Andrea Jung will step at the end of the year.
The Arizona Cardinals say they've been granted a 24-hour extension on the TV blackout deadline.
The Arizona Cardinals 've been granted a extension on the blackout deadline.
The Gulf Breeze High swim team held their annual banquet recently at Surfburger.
The swim team held their annual banquet.
The Jatiya Sangsad went into its first session of this year yesterday.
The Jatiya Sangsad went into its session.
Sports goods giant Nike, Inc. Thursday said it plans to divest two of its wholly-owned affiliate brands - Cole Haan and Umbro - to sharpen its focus on driving growth in the NIKE, Jordan, Converse and Hurley brands.
Sports goods giant plans to divest two of its brands Cole Haan and Umbro.
A knife has been held to a shop worker's throat during an armed robbery in north Belfast.
A knife has been held to a shop worker's throat.
A 26-year-old Kingsville man has been sentenced to 13 years in prison after being convicted on three felony charges, the Kleberg County District Attorney's office announced Wednesday.
A Kingsville man has been sentenced to 13 years in prison.
Schools were urged to include an anti-cyber bullying program in their curricula to create awareness among their students and prevent episodes of harassment in social media sites.
Schools were urged to include an anti-cyber bullying program.
Liquor company Brown-Forman Corp. said Thursday that Director Matthew R. Simmons will retire to spend more time working at his specialized energy investment banking firm Simmons \u0026 Co. International.
Brown-Forman Corp. said Director Matthew R. Simmons will retire.
Amid the controversy over the role of lobbyists in India, top banker and government's key adviser Deepak Parekh on Sunday said lobbying is not bad and it really does not matter whether or not it is legalised in India.
Lobbying is not bad.
Some 18 people have been killed in Unity state during clashes between the southern Sudan army and Misseriya cattle herders from South Kordofan in northern Sudan.
Some 18 people have been killed during clashes between the Sudan army and Misseriya herders.
South Africa could have the world's most expensive electricity if Eskom gets it tariff increases, an economist said on Thursday.
South Africa could have the world's most expensive electricity.
Designer Narendra Kumar Ahmed, known for his prêt line, is set to launch a couture line that includes high-end dresses, gowns and drapes this October in.
Narendra Kumar Ahmed is set to launch a couture line.
A MAN has pleaded guilty to a street attack in Worcester on the day he was due to face trial by jury.
A MAN has pleaded guilty to a street attack.
India downgraded its Tsunami warning on Thursday, even as the massive earthquake off the coast of Indonesia created ripples across the south Asian sub-continent, a day earlier.
India downgraded its Tsunami warning.
To help ensure the reliability of the region's transmission system, NSTAR will begin its annual summer helicopter inspections of the electrical equipment on local rights-of-way today.
NSTAR will begin its helicopter inspections.
Kuruwita town in the Ratnapura District will be developed as a city with adequate provisions for Sri Pada devotees and tourists by using funds of Rs. 150 million from the Urban Development Ministry, said Power and Energy Minister WDJ Seneviratne.
Kuruwita town will be developed.
The city of Bowling Green is gearing up for its 200th birthday later this year with plans for a four-day celebration and contests.
The city of Bowling Green is gearing up for its 200th birthday.
Former Australia flanker George Smith will remain with Super Rugby side ACT Brumbies until the end of the current season after his Japanese club Suntory approved his contract extension, a Brumbies team spokesman told reporters on Thursday.
George Smith will remain with ACT Brumbies until the end of the season.
Nokia s Maemo 5 powered N900 will be soon getting its first firmware update, according to folks at Nokia Conversations.
N900 will be getting its firmware update.
Strong earthquake strikes Indonesia Updated: 16:08, Tuesday January 22, 2013 A strong, shallow earthquake has rocked parts of western Indonesia, reportedly killing a young girl.
Strong earthquake strikes Indonesia Updated.
The tortoise found in York County is NOT a sulcata tortoise.
The tortoise found in York County is NOT.
A 22-year-old Park Vista Drive man has pleaded guilty to a lesser charge in the fatal shooting of a 20-year-old Tyrell Street woman in her residence last June 23.
A man has pleaded guilty to a lesser charge.
Australian stocks opened flat on Monday, with weakness among gold and metals companies offset by a firmer start from the info tech sector.
Australian stocks opened flat.
A day after the Excise Dept and the Sales Tax Department beefed up inspections at the checkposts in Aryankavu, nearly 1,900 litres of illicit spirit was seized from a mini lorry at the checkpost during the early hours of Sunday.
Nearly 1,900 litres of spirit was seized.
Israel and the Palestinians were to resume peace talks on Friday, meeting a top US envoy, with Israel's defence minister opting to stay away amid mounting US criticism of settlement construction.
Israel and the Palestinians were to resume peace talks.
ILLEGAL immigrants will no longer be locked up and deported when caught by authorities, in a major softening of immigration procedures.
ILLEGAL immigrants will no longer be locked up.
Pope Benedict XVI has been welcomed at the White House with pageantry and cheering.Benedict is only the second pope to visit the White House and the first in 29 years.
Pope Benedict XVI has been welcomed at the White House.
YOUNG offenders on Portland are helping to create a £1.5 million visitor centre under an initiative by Portland Gas Storage Ltd.
YOUNG offenders are helping to create a visitor centre.
A man from East Sussex has said he is devastated after a cliff-top memorial to his wife was damaged.
A man is devastated after a memorial was damaged.
H\u0026H Environmental Construction and Consulting now provides public adjuster services for homeowners that have sustained mold infestation or flooding damage.
H\u0026H Environmental Construction provides public adjuster services.
Mission Prep will move from the CIF-Central Section to the Southern Section in all sports for next year.
Mission Prep will move to the Southern Section.
Aerosmith has announced a new album that Steven Tyler is promising will not let you down.
Aerosmith has announced a new album will not let down.
The European Commission is to take action against Malta after the European Court of Justice found, in October, that the country was not controlling emissions from the Delimara power station as required by EU regulations.
The European Commission is to take action against Malta.
It is reported that Evraz has exported the first lot of advanced quality rails produced at Nizhny Tagil Iron and Steel Works.
Evraz has exported the first lot of advanced quality rails.
Lexington County authorities are investigating a body found near Dreher Shoals Dam at Lake Murray Wednesday afternoon.
Lexington County authorities are investigating a body found at Lake Murray.
An artificial pancreas that could end the need for daily insulin injections by diabetics has been developed by researchers at Leicester's De Montfort University.
An artificial pancreas has been developed.
Hollywood star Tom Cruise has reportedly not seen his daughter Suri in the last three months following his divorce from Katie Holmes because he is filming in England.
Tom Cruise has not seen his daughter Suri in the three months.
A sinkhole has reportedly swallowed a pond.
A sinkhole has swallowed a pond.
Aussie porn star Monica Mayhem has revealed she wants to work until she is 80.
Monica Mayhem wants to work until she is 80.
The housing market maintained its strong upward trend in February, helped by improving household incomes, low mortgage rates and constrained supply, Westpac said in an analysis of today's real estate data for February.
The housing market maintained its upward trend.
``My sense is people are going to come out in significant numbers,'' Branstad told anchor Bret Baier of FOX News Channel in an interview inside the Iowa Statehouse.
My sense is people are going to come out in significant numbers, Branstad told.
Manchester United goalkeeping legend Peter Schmeichel has backed Edwin van der Sar to reclaim the No 1 jersey from Ben Foster at Old Trafford as soon as the Dutchman recovers from a broken finger.
Manchester United goalkeeping legend Peter Schmeichel has backed Edwin van der Sar to reclaim the No 1 jersey.
Israeli tanks struck targets in the Gaza Strip early Saturday, residents said, while Israeli media reports said 49 mortar shells fired from Gaza landed in the Negev desert.
Israeli tanks struck targets in the Gaza Strip.
Now that the transfer window is firmly open, Premier League clubs have been considering their options and the first major move has seen Wayne Bridge make the move from London to Manchester.
Wayne Bridge make the move to Manchester.
The global thirst for oil will hit a record high this year, driven by the economic recovery, the International Energy Agency said Tuesday in a revised estimate.
The global thirst for oil will hit a record high.
The Iowa Army National Guard has canceled training scheduled for March 5-6, worried that the congressional budget fight might lead to a federal government shutdown.
The Iowa Army National Guard has canceled training.
A Durham teen was arrested Tuesday on robbery and weapons charges stemming from an incident Monday afternoon in McDougald Terrace.
A Durham teen was arrested on robbery charges.
Stock index futures cut losses on Friday with the S\u0026P and Nasdaq futures briefly turning positive.
Futures cut losses.
Mariano Rivera will throw a bullpen session on Tuesday afternoon, according to the Newark Star-Ledger.
Mariano Rivera will throw a bullpen session.
The new school year is getting underway, with students and teachers heading back over the next couple of days.
The new school year is getting underway.
Miami cleric guilty supporting Pakistan Taliban An elderly Muslim cleric was convicted yesterday of funneling thousands of dollars to support the terrorist Pakistani Taliban, blamed for suicide bombings and other attacks that have killed both Americans and Pakistanis.
Miami guilty supporting Pakistan Taliban An cleric was convicted.
Crude oil prices held mostly steady in New York, settling near $101 per barrel while markets adjusted to news of the earthquake-tsunami disaster in Japan.
Crude oil prices held, settling near $ 101.
BART service is getting back to normal after a problem earlier this morning in the Transbay Tube.
BART service is getting back to normal.
And now -- if that weren't enough! it seems iPods can save your life, according to a testimonial by a British girl whose life was maybe spared after her iPod diverted the voltage from a lightening bolt that struck her.
IPods can save your life.
Zebra, horse corralled after NYC street jaunt New York City can be like a zoo sometimes, but a zebra running wild through the streets is not something you ordinarily see.
Zebra, horse corralled after street jaunt New York City can be.
Amazon said Thursday that it is selling more than one million Kindles a week and the new Kindle Fire tablet computer is its top-selling item.
Amazon is selling more than one million Kindles a week.
Australian musician James Freud has been found dead at his Melbourne home after taking his own life.
Musician James Freud has been found dead.
A senior Bradford police officer has revealed more CCTV cameras are planned for the city to further boost crimefighting.
More cameras are planned for the city.
Depa, the Dubai based outfitter for the Burj Khalifa, is bracing itself for an 'extremely tough' 2010 in order to cope with difficult market conditions, its chief executive officer said on Tuesday.
Depa is bracing for an extremely tough 2010.
The 10 best ghosts caught in movies are a lively bunch.
The 10 best ghosts caught in movies are.
49ers Vernon Davis Dunk Gets Rejected By Crossbar After Touchdown Vernon Davis Dunk Gets Rejected By Crossbar After Touchdown Vernon Davis Dunk Gets Rejected By Crossbar After Touchdown
Vernon Davis Dunk Gets Rejected By Crossbar After Touchdown Vernon Dunk Gets Rejected.
Eddie Crowder, who played quarterback at the University of Oklahoma under Bud Wilkinson before spending nearly a half-century at the University of Colorado as a football coach, athletic director and mentor to generations of other coaches, died Tuesday night.
Eddie Crowder, who played died.
Singapore share prices ended 0.8% lower on Tuesday amid mixed Asian bourses and as regional inflation concerns shifted funds toward developed markets.
Singapore share prices ended 0.8% lower.
'Britain's Got Talent' sensation Shaheen Jafargholi - who wowed the show's judges with his rendition of the Jackson 5 hit 'Who's Loving You' - is ready to challenge Susan Boyle to win the show.
Shaheen Jafargholi is ready to challenge Susan Boyle.
Bees attacked a Donna woman, as she was getting her mail.
Bees attacked a woman.
Mumbai-based Union Bank of India, for instance, has decided to resume its global expansion scheme.
Union Bank of India has decided to resume its global expansion scheme.
Police have been criticised for their part in a fatal pursuit near Taipa in Northland.
Police have been criticised for their part in a fatal pursuit.
While the threat of global nuclear war largely has passed, the danger of nuclear proliferation continues to make the 40-year-old Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty as relevant today as it was during the height of the Cold War, President Obama says.
The danger of nuclear proliferation continues.
Two pedestrians were struck and killed by a Jeep Friday night in Fenwick Island, state police said in a release Saturday.
Two pedestrians were struck and killed in Fenwick Island.
A 23-year-old woman was arrested after throwing a kitten at her younger sister during an argument.
A woman was arrested after throwing a kitten at her sister.
``High School Musical'' star Vanessa Hudgens has reportedly been roped in to star in the musical ``Rent''.
Vanessa Hudgens has been roped in to star in the musical Rent.
Samuel Eto'o signed off in style for Barcelona as he bagged a second half brace to cap a dominant 4-0 Liga victory for his side against mid-table Murcia at Camp Nou.
Samuel Eto'o signed off in style.
New York, Dec 1 Top US lawmakers Sunday pushed for aggressive and effective US diplomacy in South Asia to prevent the further escalation of tensions between Pakistan and India as a consequence of the Mumbai terrorist attacks that have killed 183 people, including six Americans.
US lawmakers pushed for aggressive diplomacy in South Asia.
NEARLY 10,000 new homes could be built across Mansfield over the next 20 years, the district council has confirmed.
NEARLY 10,000 homes could be built across Mansfield over the next 20 years.
A hospital doctor hastened the death of an elderly patient by prescribing an excessive dose of painkillers, an expert has told a General Medical Council inquiry.
A hospital doctor hastened the death of an elderly patient by prescribing an dose of painkillers.
The borough of State College announced last week it will borrow more than $1 million to finance parts of the Fraser Centre, a downtown entertainment complex slated for completion within the next two years.
It will borrow more than $ 1 million.
A Nova Scotia man has been arrested in the seizure of 1.5 tonnes of cocaine from a former Canadian Coast Guard ship bound for Spain from the West Indies.
A man has been arrested in the seizure of 1.5 tonnes of cocaine from a ship bound for Spain.
President Ian Wishart explains rail companies continue to overcharge producers for rail car maintenance despite a ruling from the Canadian Transportation Agency to lower the revenue cap.
Rail companies continue to overcharge.
Commander in Chief Fidel Castro sent his congratulations to the Cuban medical brigades ``Henry Reeve'' --which fulfilled a mission in Chile after the February earthquake- and ``Todos con Voz,'' that carried out a study on the disabled in Nicaragua.
Commander in Fidel Castro sent his congratulations to the Cuban medical brigades.
MOSCOW, Nov 23 Russian soccer fans have started a petition to retain Guus Hiddink as national coach despite the team's failure to qualify for next year's World Cup finals.
Russian fans have started a petition to retain Guus Hiddink.
India on Monday said it was hoping for an outcome with ''substantive and enforceable commitments'' at the Copenhagen climate meet which are ''equitable and supportive'' of economic growth in developing nations.
India was hoping for an outcome with substantive commitments at the Copenhagen meet.
RIVERHEAD, NY - A Long Island woman is suing Victoria Gotti, claiming she suffered serious injuries in a car accident with the mob widow last year.
Long Island woman is suing Victoria Gotti.
Airtricity Premier Division side Derry City will enter the Europa League at the second round, Uefa has confirmed.
Derry City will enter the Europa League at the second round.
Turkey barred an Israeli military plane from using its airspace after last month's raid on Gaza-bound aid ships killed nine activists, the country's prime minister said on Monday, as Turkish media reported a second plane was also turned away.
Turkey barred an Israeli plane.
Yankees pitcher Andy Pettitte could be called to testify in Roger Clemens' federal defamation suit against Brian McNamee as part of the trainer's attempt to dismiss the case.
Andy Pettitte could be called to testify.
Attenborough enchanted by Bjork Updated: 22:56, Wednesday December 19, 2012 Sir David Attenborough was enchanted by singer Bjork when they filmed a nature documentary together, and he called her 'honey' throughout shooting.
Attenborough enchanted was enchanted by Bjork.
The Lupus Foundation of America seeks grant proposals from researchers and investigators to help advance the science and understanding of pediatric lupus, reproductive health issues in people with lupus, and neuropsychiatric lupus, which affects the brain and peripheral nervous system.
The Lupus Foundation of America seeks proposals to help advance the science and understanding of pediatric lupus and neuropsychiatric lupus.
Ted Nugent explodes during a morning show interview, swearing at a producer, and we wonder whether conservative media would be as quiet about such an outrageous political endorsement if a progressive acted this way after endorsing Barack Obama.
Ted Nugent explodes during a morning show interview.
Clemson receiver Sammy Watkins says his shoulder is feeling better and he could be ready to play against North Carolina State on Saturday.
His shoulder is feeling and Sammy Watkins could be ready to play on Saturday.
Unit 5 junior high schools are holding book drives today through Oct. 21.
Unit 5 junior high schools are holding book drives.
Russia accused Ukraine yesterday of allowing its troops to fight with Georgia in the war over South Ossetia.
Russia accused Ukraine of allowing its troops to fight with Georgia.
Flir Systems Inc. laid off nearly 100 workers this week, including 40 at its Wilsonville operations, blaming uncertainty surrounding the federal budget.
Flir Systems Inc. laid off nearly 100 workers.
Japanese stocks fell for a second day this week after US jobless claims unexpectedly rose and companies reported lower earnings or forecasts, fueling concern an economic recovery may slow.
Japanese stocks fell after US jobless claims rose.
Oil prices held firm on Wednesday as dealers digested soaring US crude oil inventories and a gloomy global economic outlook from the International Monetary Fund, analysts said.
Oil prices held firm.
PRINCE Harry has won a battle with defence chiefs and will return to Afghanistan to fight the Taliban.
PRINCE Harry has won and will return to Afghanistan to fight the Taliban.
He met up with Jason DeRulo who gladly posed for a photo with the budding star.
He met up with Jason DeRulo.
``After all, Ajit Pawar is treading the path of his uncle Sharad Pawar, who had once vowed never to return to Congress fold but he did return. Similarly, when Ajit has to face the trial by fire, he will beat a sudden retreat and give explanation for doing so,'' Thackeray said.
Ajit will beat a retreat.
Three US senators whose helicopters made emergency landings today in the mountains of Afghanistan are all OK.
Senators whose helicopters made emergency landings in the mountains of Afghanistan are.
Volunteers were honored Wednesday for their efforts to reduce recidivism in Atlantic County.
Volunteers were honored for their efforts to reduce recidivism.
Robert Mugabe is expected to be sworn in for a new term as Zimbabwe's president on Sunday as leaders continue to debate the best way to deal with the controversial actions of his regime.
Robert Mugabe is expected to be sworn in for a new term on Sunday.
Five members of the same family have been burnt to death at Suame in Kumasi in what is suspected to be arson.
Five members of the family have been burnt to death.
A prominent Tibetan environmentalist who said he was ``brutally tortured'' in custody has been jailed for 15 years on tomb-robbing charges that were dropped years ago, his lawyer said Friday.
A Tibetan environmentalist has been jailed for 15 years, his lawyer said.
Bharti Airtel, one of the leading emerging markets telcos, has achieved Gold Certification from Cisco.
Bharti Airtel has achieved Gold Certification from Cisco.
An Indian father and his five-year-old daughter have died in a suicide pact at their home in Bur Dubai.
An father and his daughter have died in a suicide pact.
Online movie rental company Quickflix is to stream movies to PlayStation3 starting later this year under an agreement with Sony.
Quickflix is to stream movies to PlayStation3.
Two Chinese visitors on Tuesday pleaded guilty to robbing an American woman in her apartment in Bur Dubai.
Two visitors pleaded guilty to robbing an woman.
A great white shark was spotted off the coast of Imperial Beach on Tuesday, according to city officials.
A great white shark was spotted off the coast of Imperial Beach.
Two-time Academy Award® winner Barbra Streisand, who has sung on the Oscars only once before, will perform on the upcoming Oscar® telecast on February 24.
Two-time Barbra Streisand will perform on the upcoming Oscar ® telecast.
Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker is targeting a top four finish in the Premier League despite the team's shaky start to the season.
Per Mertesacker is targeting a top four finish.
Fugitive Nicolae Popa, sentenced to 15 years of prison for fraud will be repatriated on December, a spokesperson of the Indonesian police declared, quoted by Jakarta Globe.
Nicolae Popa, will be repatriated on December.
Energy company Centrica has rolled out a new data analytics warehouse to consolidate and integrate its growing data volumes.
Energy company Centrica has rolled out a new data analytics warehouse.
The International Monetary Fund on Saturday denied a report in German magazine Der Spiegel that it was pressing Greece to restructure its debt.
The International Monetary Fund was pressing Greece to restructure its debt.
The oil patch has a lot to celebrate during this year's Calgary Stampede, with oil prices and industry profits at all-time highs.
The oil patch has a lot to celebrate.
EventNow reports Tom Cruise honored at Friars Club that took place last night in New York City and it was a great event.
Tom Cruise honored at Friars Club.
A UK aid worker and three local staff were kidnapped in Afghanistan on Sunday, security officials have said.
A UK aid worker were kidnapped in Afghanistan.
AT\u0026T* welcomes home the USS Theodore Roosevelt, known to her crew as ``Big Stick'' or TR During the festivities, returning military and family members can make FREE wireless calls from AT\u0026T on the newest cutting-edge devices including the Samsung Innovation and Motorola Tundra.
AT\u0026T welcomes home the USS Theodore Roosevelt.
An Edmonton homosexual pedophile who has admitted molesting more than 50 boys was declared a dangerous offender yesterday and handed an indefinite prison term.
An homosexual pedophile was declared a dangerous offender.
A group of young missionaries from the United States is currently conducting outreach work in the Cayo district.
A group of missionaries from the United States is conducting work in the Cayo district.
The last well has cracked in Guba mass burial site, which is the proof of the genocide committed against Azerbaijanis by Armenians in 1918, the bones in it are crumbling, head of the Guba genocide expedition, researcher of Archeology and Ethnography Institute of Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences Gahraman Agayev told APA.
The last well has cracked in Guba mass burial site, which is the proof of the genocide committed against Azerbaijanis by Armenians.
Pakistan Railways is planning to buy diesel locomotives from South Korea for what a five-member delegation of the ministry is already in Seoul to negotiate the deal.
Pakistan Railways is planning to buy locomotives from South Korea.
Visteon Corporation today filed an amended plan of reorganization and disclosure statement with the US Bankruptcy Court, reflecting the company's improved operating and financial performance, as well as recovering industry and market conditions.
Visteon Corporation today filed an amended plan of reorganization and disclosure statement.
NASCAR is the latest major sporting body to implement random testing for substance abuse.
NASCAR is the body to implement random testing for substance abuse.
WrongSizeGlass writes ``CNet is reporting that a fifth of Android apps expose private data.
A fifth of Android apps expose private data.
A Kandiyohi man drowned Tuesday evening in Bass Lake while attempting to save his young son.
A Kandiyohi man drowned while attempting to save his son.
I argued last week that the ``buy made in Nigeria'' campaign suffers from escapism, lacks economic rigour and amounts to a mere slogan of wish.
The buy made in Nigeria.
The Energy Bill has received its second reading in parliament, with new proposals also announced to impose minimum energy-efficiency standards on landlords under the Green Deal.
The Energy Bill has received its second reading.
Seattle social networking startup Lockerz has acquired AddToAny, a software company that provides ``share'' buttons on websites.
Lockerz has acquired AddToAny.
As The Setonian reported online Wednesday, Karen Boroff will be stepping down as the dean of the Stillman School of Business effective June 30.
Karen Boroff will be stepping.
Snitch who snared NJ politicians gets 6 years A federal judge sentenced the informant in New Jersey's biggest corruption sting to six years in prison on Thursday, ignoring recommendations from the government to impose a lighter sentence to encourage future informants to cooperate.
Snitch who snared NJ politicians gets 6 years A judge sentenced.
Oil topped US$100 per barrel on Thursday for the first time since early June on an improving outlook for the US economy, and European leaders moved closer to agreement on more financial aid for Greece.
Oil topped US $ 100 for the first time since early June.
Members of the Mortgage Victims' Platform sit near signages outside the nationalized lender Bankia bank headquarters in Madrid, where protesters have camped out for several days, October 26, 2012.
Members of the Mortgage Victims ' Platform sit near signages outside the nationalized lender Bankia bank headquarters in Madrid.
Governor Eliot Spitzer continued his tour of the Central New York area Thursday.
Eliot Spitzer continued his tour of the Central New York area.
Bethesda has dated the impending DOOM 3 BFG Edition, announcing 19 October 2012 for the upscaled shooter.
Bethesda has dated the DOOM 3 BFG Edition.
Adam Lambert shares surprise kiss/lick with his cute bass player; talks to ``ET'' about his first solo tour.
Adam Lambert shares surprise kiss / lick with his cute bass player.
The body found off Boca Grande has been identified, according to Florida Fish and Wildlife.
The body found off Boca Grande has been identified.
Wintry weather knocked out power in the Billings area Thursday night and more snow was in the forecast.
Wintry weather knocked out power in the Billings area.
The Food Bank for Monterey County has received a $5,000 grant from the Barnet Segal Charitable Trust for unrestricted support of its emergency supplemental food assistance programs.
The Food Bank has received a grant.
MADRID, Spain Real Madrid has fired Bernd Schuster two days after the German coach said it would be ''impossible'' for the two-time defending Spanish champion to win against Barcelona next Saturday.
MADRID, Real Madrid has fired Bernd Schuster.
Kate Hudson has revealed that she once stalked a man she was desperate to date.
Kate Hudson once stalked a man.
Egyptian activists have called a mass rally in Cairo on Friday against the army's handling of protests that killed 17 people and drew international criticism of the ruling generals.
Egyptian activists have called a mass rally.
Whitehead discusses protecting individual rights for everyone no matter their political affiliation.
Whitehead discusses protecting individual rights.
Cougars great and former Saints player Steve Gleason should be released from the hospital Tuesday afternoon.
Cougars great and Steve Gleason should be released from the hospital.
What do newspaper front pages tell us about the status of women in journalism and public life today?
What do front pages tell about the status of women.
Summerside police have charged a 24-year-old man with break and enter into a dwelling, possession of stolen property, and breach of probation.
Police have charged a man with break and enter into a dwelling, possession of stolen property.
An Iraq war veteran assigned to the 2nd Brigade, 1st Armored Division is seeking a discharge from the Army as a conscientious objector, arguing that his religious convictions have evolved in such a way that he can no longer take up arms.
An Iraq war veteran, is seeking a discharge as a conscientious objector.
Both Air Products and Linde have joined forces to create 'Hydrochlor'; a 50:50 joint venture to supply high-purity anhydrous hydrochloric acid to the electronics and other industries.
Air Products and Linde have joined to create Hydrochlor.
OneRepublic rock band drummer Eddie Fisher is accused of attacking his girlfriend and forcing his way into a bathroom where she had taken refuge, tearing a sink cabinet from the wall, according to an arrest report.
OneRepublic rock band drummer Eddie Fisher is accused of attacking his girlfriend.
Two police officers rescued two women and an infant who got caught in a rip current off the coast.
Two police officers rescued two women and an infant who got caught in a rip current.
A FELTHAM scout group is holding a car boot sale on Monday May 2 to support the activities it provides for local youngsters.
A FELTHAM scout group is holding a car boot sale.
Apple released today iPhone OS 4 beta 3 to developers.
Apple released iPhone OS 4 beta 3.
For the first time, widows in the sacred town of Vrindavan celebrated Holi with colors.
Widows in the town of Vrindavan celebrated Holi.
Kathy Ritvo is the trainer of Mucho Macho Man that might be a favorite for the Kentucky Derby.
Kathy Ritvo is the trainer.
AstraZeneca said Wednesday it will buy French drug developer Novexel for $350 million upfront, while also striking a deal giving Forest Laboratories development rights to Novexel's potential antibiotic booster.
AstraZeneca said it will buy Novexel for $ 350 million, while striking a deal giving Forest Laboratories rights.
Los Angeles - Jeff Hanneman, a founding member of Slayer whose career was irrevocably changed after a spider bite, has died.
Jeff Hanneman, a member, has died.
US actor Matt LeBlanc believes people think he's 'stupid' because he played Joey in Friends.
People think Matt LeBlanc's stupid.
Great Falls firefighters will be donning ``Care Enough to Wear Pink'' shirts during the week of October 4th -- 8th to show support for National Breast Cancer Awareness Month.
Great Falls firefighters will be donning Care Enough to Wear Pink.
But with a combined age of 110, Debbie Harry and Sinead O'Connor appear to have lost their way a little on the style front.
Debbie Harry and Sinead O'Connor appear to have lost their way on the style front.
The Spokane Valley Police Dept. is investigating a possible luring incident near the area of Sprague and Conklin Road on Monday afternoon.
The Spokane Valley Police Dept. is investigating a possible luring incident.
The Bulgarian nationalist party Attack condemned the act of burning the Bulgarian national flag by Italian football fans and expressed indignation with the fact the Bulgarian police arrested several Bulgarian fans, who attacked the Italians after their actions, instead of defending the national flag.
The nationalist Attack condemned the act of burning the national flag by Italian football fans.
Cyprus exports towards other EU member states and third countries increased by 32% during the first two months of 2011, compared to the same period last year, according to data released today by the Statistical Service.
Cyprus exports towards states increased by 32% during the first two months of 2011.
The National News Agency reported on Monday that Justice Minister Ibrahim Najjar received a copy of the Syrian amnesty law from Secretary General of the Lebanese-Syrian Higher Council Nasri Khoury.
Ibrahim Najjar received a copy of the Syrian amnesty law.
Crime Stoppers is asking for help locating fugitive Michael Russell, who is wanted on several Greene County warrants including burglary, resisting arrest and others.
Crime Stoppers is asking for help locating fugitive Michael Russell.
US new home sales surged in July, rising 9.6 percent over the previous month's rate, the US Commerce Department reported Wednesday.
New home sales surged, rising 9.6 percent.
London Mayor Boris Johnson said he was lost in admiration at the achievements of Team GB, after receiving the Olympic flag in Beijing.
Boris Johnson was lost in admiration.
HILLARY Clinton will visit Indonesia on her first overseas trip as US Secretary of State because she wants to ``reach out'' to the Muslim world.
HILLARY Clinton will visit Indonesia.
Reliance Industries Ltd is in talks to lease out its shuttered retail petrol pumps to state-run Hindustan Petroleum Corp Ltd, the Business Standard reported on Thursday.
Reliance Industries Ltd is in talks to lease out its petrol pumps.
``Tired of sifting through free websites, web design, web hosting, website templates and website builders to learn how to build a website?''
How to build a website.
Tewksbury Town Clerk, Denise Graffeo, would like to notify voters that Absentee Ballots are now available at the Town Clerk's Office for the April 6, 2013 Annual Town Election.
Absentee Ballots are now available.
The latest story from the weird and wonderful world of trademark litigation comes from Sony Ericsson, which has sued Clearwire, claiming its logo is confusingly similar to the handset maker's own green swirl, which it unveiled with much fanfare a decade ago.
Sony Ericsson has sued Clearwire, claiming its logo is.
New home sales fell for a second straight month in June to a 17-month low, as rising interest rates continued to erode demand.
New home sales fell for a second month.
Fire officials say a fire at a law office in Allentown has been ruled arson.
A fire at a law office in Allentown has been ruled arson.
Vice President Joe Biden is making his first major foray into the 2012 presidential campaign in politically crucial Ohio.
Joe Biden is making his first major foray into the 2012 campaign in politically crucial Ohio.
THREE Ballarat fishermen lost at sea at the weekend have returned home to their families.
THREE Ballarat fishermen have returned home.
Semiconductor maker STMicroelectronics has launched of 'ST New Ventures', its corporate venture capital fund currently under incorporation.
STMicroelectronics has launched of ST New Ventures, its corporate venture capital fund.
Social networking giant Facebook has introduced Home, the new software that the company claims will turn Android phones into living, social phones.
Facebook has introduced Home, the software.
A nine-year-old girl killed by a school bus was just metres from her Ingleburn home when she was hit.
A girl killed by a school bus was just metres from her Ingleburn home.
A 52-year-old man from Galloway Township told Officer Tim Canale that several shots were fired at his vehicle from another vehicle at 11:44 pm Nov. 11 when he drove on Fire Road, then turning on Sawmill Road.
Shots were fired at his vehicle.
Chemtura Corporation, debtor-in-possession, today announced a long-term strategic sourcing agreement with global specialty chemicals company Albemarle Corporation.
Chemtura Corporation today announced a strategic sourcing agreement with Albemarle Corporation.
The Sharks, rich in experience and Springboks but short of tactical nous, played dumb rugby when it mattered most to lose 23-21 to the Free State Cheetahs deep in injury time of their Currie Cup semi-final at King's Park on Saturday.
The Sharks played dumb rugby.
Gov. Chris Christie has released an economic plan for New Jersey that aims to target specific geographic areas and industries for growth and development.
Gov. Chris Christie has released an economic plan for New Jersey.
Extremely popular First Lady Michelle Obama joined her husband's fight for health care reform today, giving a press conference in which she called the current US health care system ``unacceptable'' and emphasized the crucial role women have to play in improving American health.
Michelle Obama joined her husband's fight for health care reform.
The Sensex continues its northbound journey as intense buying is being witnessed in index pivotals.
The Sensex continues its northbound journey.
The US dollar rose against major currencies on Friday amid mixed earning reports and weak Britain's gross domestic product data.
The US dollar rose against major currencies.
The Fitch ratings agency has upgraded Greece out of ``restricted default'' after Athens carried out the biggest debt writedown in history in a bond swap with private creditors.
The Fitch ratings agency has upgraded Greece.
Three people killed in a fiery head-on car crash near Florence have been identified.
Three people killed in a head - on crash near Florence have been identified.
Inter Milan striker Adriano has escaped a possible two-game ban after scoring the opener with his arm in Sunday's 2-1 win over AC Milan.
Adriano has escaped a ban.
Clashes erupted again between the army and M23 rebels in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo, the restive region where fighting has been flaring all week, the two sides said.
Clashes erupted in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo.
Duke Energy has declared a quarterly cash dividend on its common stock of $0.245 per share.
Duke Energy has declared a quarterly dividend.
Bank of America refinance mortgage rates have been under 5% for most of 2011 and many Americans stand to benefit greatly by starting the process on March 8.
Bank of America refinance mortgage rates have been.
Arson ends Tasmanian tree sit Updated: 07:25, Tuesday March 12, 2013 Police have reportedly confirmed that a deliberately-lit fire was behind a record-breaking Tasmanian anti-logging activist being forced from the tree that was her home for 15 months.
Arson ends Tasmanian tree sit.
Pierre Thomas says he is ready to play and contribute in Week 3, according to the New Orleans Times-Picayune.
Pierre Thomas says he is ready.
Novartis AG said Friday it has produced a first batch of experimental swine flu vaccine, a day after the World Health Organization declared the disease a pandemic.
Novartis AG has produced a first batch of swine flu vaccine.
Mass. Sen. Brown says he'll vote against fundraising bill because it changes rules mid-game
Mass. Sen. Brown says he 'll vote against fundraising bill.
SHADOW chancellor George Osborne set out Tory plans for the Welsh economy today and accused Labour of lacking ambition.
George Osborne set out Tory plans for the Welsh economy.
Attorney General Michael Mukasey collapsed during a speech in Washington Thursday evening, officials told ABC News.
Attorney General Michael Mukasey collapsed.
Republican President Michael Sata has described as useless a letter written to him by UPND leader Hakainde Hichilema dated 27th December, 2011 with regards the opposition leader's Kabulonga house, NO. F/488A/14/A/3.
Michael Sata has described as useless a letter written to him by UPND leader Hakainde Hichilema.
Scribblenauts Unlimited will be a launch day title for the Nintendo Wii U, releasing alongside the console on November 18th, developer 5th Cell announced today.
Scribblenauts Unlimited will be a launch day title for the Nintendo Wii U.
``There is no 'aarakshan' in Hindi film industry. Rather I would say that film industry is big example of national integration,'' Amitabh told reporters at a radio station here yesterday as he talked about Aarakshan, Prakash Jha's forthcoming film dealing this very topic.
There is no aarakshan in film industry. I would say.
Amy Winehouse has been arrested by police over an alleged assault that took place on Wednesday.
Amy Winehouse has been arrested over an alleged assault.
A development group says Indiana's life sciences industry employs 55,000 workers paying average wages of more than $88,000 per year.
Indiana's life sciences industry employs 55,000 workers.
More importantly, he endorsed Newt Gingrich for President, and gave some interesting reasons for doing so.
He endorsed Newt Gingrich.
Vice President Joe Biden surprised MSNBC host Chris Matthews with a birthday cake on Friday to celebrate the longtime host's 65th birthday.
Joe Biden surprised host Chris Matthews.
On Monday, an academic freedom bill, SB 893, passed the Tennessee State Senate by a vote of 25-8.
An academic freedom bill passed the Tennessee State Senate.
New Jersey Nets forward Sean Williams was arrested at Boston College last weekend for allegedly violating a no trespassing order.
New Jersey Nets Sean Williams was arrested at Boston College.
Urban will undergo throat surgery later this month, to remove a polyp which has developed on his vocal chords.
Urban will undergo throat surgery.
A state trooper was arrested Monday night and charged with burglary, computer crimes and breach of peace, a state police spokesman said.
A state trooper was arrested.
A YOUNG boy was airlifted to hospital after he fell from a wall onto some railings.
A boy was airlifted to hospital.
Champion spinner Muttiah Muralitharan Saturday said the Bangladeshi players don't know how to play long innings although there are many talented players.
The Bangladeshi players don't know to play long innings.
No one was injured in a car fire Monday morning east of Port Clinton, according to the chief of the Port Clinton Fire Department.
No one was injured in a car fire.
Two hundred years after the birth of Abraham Lincoln, we still seek him in words and in action, in lessons from his life, in reminders of his legend -- and in pilgrimages to the temple built in his honor.
We still seek Abraham Lincoln.
World No. 1 Jelena Jankovic was bundled out of the Australian Open on Sunday by Marion Bartoli of France.
Jelena Jankovic was bundled out of the Australian Open.
``I have decided to hold this training camp for openers after having discussions with the Chairman of the board, Ijaz Butt.
I have decided to hold this camp for openers.
Kim Kardashian has revealed that she and beau Reggie Bush are `definitely' heading towards marriage, but they aren't ready to tie the knot just yet.
Kim Kardashian and Reggie Bush are heading towards marriage.
MIDLAND car dealership Pendragon today hailed a ``significant turnaround'' in new and used car markets as the sector bounced back strongly from recession.
MIDLAND dealership Pendragon today hailed a turnaround in car markets.
AP Writer Republican Trey Grayson officially kicked off his US Senate campaign Wednesday at the high school where he once was student council president and captain of the basketball team.
Trey Grayson officially kicked off his Senate campaign.
Whataburger, the Texas-based fast-food provider which hopes its wares elicit cries of astonishment from its customers, announced on the Whataburger Web site that they'd be giving away free burgers Tuesday.
Whataburger 'd be giving away free burgers.
The Treasury Department announced Friday that it intends to sell more Citigroup Inc. shares as the agency moves toward closing out a chapter of the government's $700 billion bank bailout.
The Treasury Department intends to sell more Citigroup Inc. shares.
American Idol alum Danny Gokey, who famously lost his wife shortly before his Season 8 audition three years ago, is engaged to his girlfriend, Leyicet Peralta.
American Idol alum Danny Gokey is engaged.
After the Spring Festival holiday, phone scams have skyrocketed in Beijing, up 170 percent year-on-year since February.
Phone scams have skyrocketed in Beijing.
Harvey Hale had a season-high 17 points to help No. 11 Wake Forest beat Wright State 66-53 on Sunday.
Wake Forest beat Wright State 66 53.
An opinion piece on the Wall Street Journal's website that portrays convention centres as ``fancy white elephants'' was greeted with a shrug by officials at the World Trade \u0026 Convention Centre in Halifax on Thursday.
That portrays convention centres as white elephants.
Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood announced Tuesday he is leaving office after four years as arguably the most consumer-friendly secretary that airline passengers have had.
Ray LaHood announced he is leaving office.
The SIRIUS airwaves were all a-buzz today with the story that Danica Patrick had visited Stewart-Haas Racing on Monday, although the big boss himself, Tony Stewart, wasn't in attendance, but conducting another tire test.
Danica Patrick had visited Stewart-Haas Racing.
NEW YORK -Celebrity mom Kate Gosselin says she still wears her wedding ring for her eight children, but feels a lot of failurethat the marriage is over.
Kate Gosselin says she still wears her wedding ring.
Water and sewerage services provider Wannon Water has deployed a unified communications network from Microsoft and Nortel to improve staff productivity and customer service and reduce its carbon footprint.
Water services provider Wannon Water has deployed a unified communications network from Microsoft and Nortel.
Kottakkal Sivaraman, the veteran Kathakali artist, passed away due to old age ailment at his residence in Karalmanna on Monday, Jul 19.
Kottakkal Sivaraman passed away.
Kofi Annan, special envoy of the UN and LAS, proposed formation of a government of national unity in Syria consisting of the current authorities and opposition, RIA Novosti reports.
Kofi Annan proposed formation of a government of national unity in Syria.
Macedonia was heading for snap elections Wednesday after talks between conservative Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski and Socialist opposition leader Branko Crvenkovski failed to end a political stalemate, local media said.
Macedonia was heading for snap elections.
Bindi makes her feature film acting debut in ``Free Willy:
Bindi makes her film acting debut.
British public sector employees will pay more in their pension fund in the emergency budget to be unveiled by Chancellor George Osborne on Tuesday.
British public sector employees will pay more in their pension fund.
The Canadian dollar opened at 77.51 cents US this morning, down 0.24 of a cent from Wednesday's close.
The Canadian dollar opened at 77.51 cents US, down 0.24 of a cent.
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Delaware announced today that it has signed an affiliation agreement with Pennsylvania-based Highmark Inc. that will position BCBSD to remain a strong local leader in the health care marketplace.
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Delaware announced it has signed an affiliation agreement with Highmark Inc..
Drew Gooden struggled on Tuesday, finishing a loss to the 76ers with nine points, five rebounds, three assists and six turnovers in 38 minutes.
Drew Gooden struggled on Tuesday, finishing a loss.
An electricity price war looks set to be declared early next month when the domestic electricity market is fully deregulated allowing the ESB to compete with its rivals on price.
The electricity market is deregulated.
Abu Dhabi Department of Transport has unveiled a surface transport master plan complemented by high-capacity metro system, high-speed trains, buses and trams besides ferries and taxis.
Abu Dhabi Department of Transport has unveiled a surface transport master plan.
INTERNATIONALLY renowned blues bandleader Mike Sanchez will launch a new blues night at the Forum later this week.
Mike Sanchez will launch a blues night at the Forum.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said yesterday medical tests following his cancer treatment show he is in good health, but provided few additional details about an illness that has become an obsession in the OPEC nation.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said tests show he is in good health.
The Senate voted Thursday to keep nearly $500 billion in Medicare cuts in its overhaul of the health care system, protecting the bill's major source of financing against a Republican attack.
The Senate voted to keep nearly $ in Medicare cuts.
Social activist Anna Hazare today said he would continue to keep his indefinite ``maun vrat''.
Anna Hazare today said he would continue to keep his indefinite maun vrat.
Slick roads are playing havoc with this morning commute, causing multiple accidents and slide-offs throughout the metropolitan area.
Slick roads are playing havoc with this morning commute.
American artist Christina Aguilera was arrested in Los Angeles on early Tuesday morning on a misdemeanor charge of public intoxication, police said.
Artist Christina Aguilera was arrested on a charge of public intoxication.
Teen admits role in slayings of 2 upstate NY boys One of two teenage boys accused of killing two other teens has pleaded guilty in upstate New York.
Teen admits role in slayings of 2 upstate NY boys.
Intel has agreed to change some of its practices to settle a federal antitrust lawsuit alleging a decade of abuse.
Intel has agreed to change some of its practices to settle a antitrust lawsuit.
Alert) has announced that Banc Sabadell has deployed Infoblox appliances for core network services, including internal and external domain name resolution and IP address assignment, and configuration file distribution services for supporting the bank's voice over IP application.
Banc Sabadell has deployed Infoblox appliances for core network services.
Apple claims to have sold a million of its new iPhones in three days, but that doesn't mean a million people now have one.
Apple claims to have sold a million of its iPhones in three days.
Former Playboy Playmate and reality TV personality Holly Madison now has plans to adopt. Picture:
Holly Madison has plans to adopt..
The official data released on Thursday, Jul 22 revealed that the food price index fell to 12.47 percent compared to 12.81 percent in 2009.
The food price index fell to 12.47 percent.
Australia switched on its biggest radio telescope on Friday, preparing the way for the mammoth Square Kilometre Array that will be shared with South Africa and New Zealand.
Australia switched on its biggest radio telescope.
Gunmen on Sunday kidnapped a Polish engineer in northern Pakistan, and shot dead his two drivers and a security guard during the abduction, police said.
Gunmen kidnapped a Polish engineer in northern Pakistan police said.
Michael Douglas has revealed he was ``bowled over'' when he met wife Catherine Zeta Jones for the first time.
Michael Douglas was bowled over he met Catherine Zeta Jones.
Delhi Metro services will stop three hours before the normal time of 11 pm on Tuesday next on account of Diwali.
Delhi Metro services will stop before the normal time next on account of Diwali.
Crude oil fell for a fifth day on the NYMEX, to the lowest price in almost eight months on signs of an economic slowdown in the US and China.
Crude oil fell for a fifth day on the NYMEX.
SITE Ltd issued legal notices to of KESC for cancellation of 8 plots lease in the jurisdiction on the non-payment of more than 100 million rupees dues.
SITE Ltd issued legal notices to of KESC.
The Tampa Bay Rays, looking to bolster their bullpen this offseason, signed right-handed reliever Lance Cormier on Friday to a one-year, $675,000 contract.
The Tampa Bay Rays signed Lance Cormier.
While that rumor hasn't materialized, eBay has now admitted that they may sell off Skype later this year.
EBay may sell off Skype later this year.
Matt Mitcham says London could be his diving swan song but the reigning Olympic 10m platform champion will see how his title defence pans out before deciding his future.
Matt Mitcham says London could be his swan song.
Tish Cyrus, mom to Miley and wife of Billy Ray Cyrus says her family's bonds are strong and that they are a solid family unit.
Tish Cyrus, mom to Miley says her family's bonds are strong.
NBA sources confirm the Houston Rockets claimed guard Jeremy Lin, who was placed on waivers by the Golden State Warriors on Friday.
The Houston Rockets claimed guard Jeremy Lin.
MILWAUKEE Jae Crowder had 20 points and 12 rebounds, helping No. 15 Marquette rally from a sluggish first half to beat Seton Hall 66-59 on Tuesday night.
Jae Crowder had, helping No. 15 Marquette rally to beat Seton Hall 66 59.
A beloved Somerville day camp facility that closed down in 2007 after 30 years is reopening to the public this summer, and special-needs individuals will be the beneficiary.
A beloved Somerville day camp facility is reopening.
``The Hills Are Alive'' with a Perennial Favorite at Fillmore Central School--
The Hills Are Alive at Fillmore Central School.
India will soon join a select space club by launching two dedicated satellites in polar orbit to study climate change through atmospheric research and detection of greenhouse gases, Indian Space Research Organisation chairman G. Madhavan Nair said Sunday.
India will join by launching two satellites to study climate change.
Two northern Wisconsin middle schools will receive awards of excellence next month, according to state superintendent of public instruction Elizabeth Burmeister.
Two northern Wisconsin schools will receive awards of excellence.
Microsoft Corp. announced today that Microsoft and Research In Motion have signed a patent licensing agreement that gives RIM broad access to the latest Extended File Allocation Table for certain BlackBerry® devices of RIM.
Microsoft and Research In Motion have signed a licensing agreement.
A BURNLEY amateur dramatic club may be forced to drop the town's name out of its title after 80 years.
A BURNLEY amateur dramatic club may be forced to drop the town's name.
With damage estimates from a February storm that pounded Oklahoma topping $8.7 million, Governor Mary Fallin is requesting a major disaster declaration.
Mary Fallin is requesting a major disaster declaration.
MONTRÉAL, QUÉBEC-- - - Yesterday, during the seventh edition of the Tremblant Forum on Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability, Bombardier and Cascades--recipients of a Québec Prize of Excellence in Corporate Citizenship in 2010 and 2009, respectively--announced a groundbreaking collaborative agreement on corporate social responsibility.
During the edition on Corporate Responsibility, Bombardier and Cascades -- announced a groundbreaking collaborative agreement.
A 46-year-old Sarnia man faces impaired driving and open liquor charges after being stopped by Chatham-Kent OPP Monday afternoon near Highway 40 North.
A Sarnia man faces impaired driving and open liquor charges.
FOOTBALL ace Derek Riordan was today fined £800 for hurling homophobic abuse at bouncers who threw him out of a nightclub.
Ace Derek Riordan was today fined £ 800 for hurling homophobic abuse.
German Metro Group, who locally operates Metro Cash \u0026Carry and Real hypermarkets, posted sales worth EUR 1.83 billion in Romania last year, down by 3.5 against 2009.
Metro Group posted sales worth EUR 1.83 billion in Romania last year.
Murdoch tweets apology to Hugh Grant Updated: 05:53, Saturday October 20, 2012 News Corp boss Rupert Murdoch has tweeted an apology to actor Hugh Grant over a comment about his daughter.
Rupert Murdoch has tweeted an apology to Hugh Grant.
Rapper Method Man has pleaded guilty to a tax evasion charge in New York, after falling $106,000 behind in payments.
Method Man has pleaded guilty to a tax evasion charge.
ROBBERS have abducted the son of a female victim following the arrest of one their gang members by the police in Delta State.
ROBBERS have abducted the son of a female victim.
The German chemicals and pharmaceutical giant Bayer posted Wednesday a 44 percent drop in first quarter net profit, owing mainly to poor results from its chemical division.
The giant Bayer posted a 44 percent drop in first quarter profit.
After an eighth place finish in the Kentucky Derby, Stately Victor is working towards the Belmont Stakes.
Stately Victor is working towards the Belmont Stakes.
But this week, the 18-year-old Bishop Grandin High School student will put his automotive skills to the test as part of provincial skills competitions.
The student will put his skills to the test.
The City of Penticton is moving forward with a feasibility study on the possibility of generating their own power.
The City of Penticton is moving forward with a study on the possibility of generating their own power.
At a private funeral in the northern Chicago suburbs where he often set his movies, filmmaker John Hughes was remembered as a poet, a friend and a family men.
Filmmaker John Hughes was remembered.
The Chairman of the Senate standing committee on foreign affairs and Head of PML Salim Saifullah Khan has strongly condemned the arrest of the Pakistani student in Chile, saying that the conspiracy against Pakistan should be stopped.
The conspiracy against Pakistan should be stopped.
CAIRO ― An official says a Canadian man reportedly detained in Libya on suspicion of spying on a planned BP offshore drilling project can now leave the country.
Official says a Canadian man detained in Libya can leave.
In her article titled, ``Counties sue Harry \u0026 David over false packaging,'' Mail Tribune journalist Teresa Ristow states that district attorneys from Yolo, Fresno and Sacramento counties have filed a complaint in Fresno County claiming Harry \u0026 David's packaging suggests there's more product inside than there really is.
Counties sue Harry \u0026 David over packaging.
A £4.7M housing development built on the site of five run-down blocks of council flats in Grantham was opened this morning.
A £ 4.7M housing development was opened.
Shortly after the premiere of the new season of ``Two and a Half Men'', Ashton Kutcher upsets CBS producers with hidden publicity, New York Daily News reports.
Ashton Kutcher upsets CBS producers.
New Delhi, July 19 UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee was more than confident of getting more votes than expected in the presidential polls just after the voting ended Thursday, even stating he would get ``many more'' votes this time.
Pranab Mukherjee would get many more votes this time.
A great grandmother who fell over and cut her head has spoken out about her ``worry'' after waiting two hours for an ambulance.
A great grandmother has spoken out about her worry after waiting two hours for an ambulance.
Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva said on Wednesday that all illegal Rohingya migrants would be deported to their home country in accordance with international practice on human rights.
All Rohingya migrants would be deported.
The euro fell against the dollar Tuesday ahead of a key European Central Bank meeting later this week.
The euro fell ahead of a European Central Bank meeting.
Japan is considering building its own fighter jets after years of playing second fiddle in a US construction partnership, a report said Thursday, in a move likely to stoke fears of its military resurgence among Asian neighbours.
Japan is considering building its own fighter jets, a report said.
Award-winning Broadway veteran Andrew Lippa has been named the inaugural Composer in Residence of the musical theatre program at Texas State University.
Andrew Lippa has been named the Composer in Residence.
Advertising holding company WPP Group said December 30 that it acquired Blue State Digital, a firm best known for its work on the Obama for America presidential campaign.
WPP Group acquired Blue State Digital.
A Macon pastor plans a Tuesday afternoon march against crime in the Lynore Estates neighborhood.
A Macon pastor plans a march against crime.
Sindh Governor Dr Ishratul Ibad has said that action against extortionists would continue in Karachi and law enforcement agencies have been tasked to provide protection to traders.
Action against extortionists would continue.
GameFly has just released an iPhone app making much of the rental service's functionality readily accessible on the mobile device.
GameFly has released an iPhone app.
Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper visited the newly-constructed OtterBox ® headquarters during a trip to Northern Colorado on Oct. 6.
Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper visited the OtterBox ® headquarters.
The Canadian dollar opened at 100.82 cents US this morning, down 0.05 of a cent from Monday's close.
The Canadian dollar opened at 100.82 cents US, down 0.05 of a cent.
Saint Louis Crisis Nursery, an agency that provides a place for children of families in crisis, raised more than $300,000 at their annual Razzle Dazzle Ball on March 3.
Saint Louis Crisis Nursery raised more than $ 300,000.
Author Iain Banks has been diagnosed with terminal cancer, and has said that it is ``extremely unlikely I'll live beyond a year''.
Iain Banks has been diagnosed with terminal cancer.
A Girard Township man was seriously injured today when he fell about 40 feet from a tree, state police said.
A Girard Township man was injured he fell from a tree.
For the third straight year, Lakota West High School will stream regular season football games live on the internet.
Lakota West High School will stream football games live on the internet.
Commercial farmers could become extinct in the near future, Agri SA deputy president Theo de Jager said on Monday.
Farmers could become extinct.
Former NFL commissioner Paul Tagliabue was honored this week for his efforts to promote diversity in hiring in pro football.
Paul Tagliabue was honored for his efforts to promote diversity.
Legendary rocker Robert Plant has revealed that he is in no hurry to reunite with Led Zeppelin again - insisting that he is happy touring with the singer Alison Krauss.
Robert Plant is in no hurry to reunite with Led Zeppelin.
``I am NOT pregnant,'' she told ``Extra'' at the LA launch of her signature watch collection on Tuesday night.
I am NOT pregnant.
Sinn Fein will fight for every vote in every county throughout the island, party president Gerry Adams has vowed.
Sinn Fein will fight for every vote.
The President of the Canadian Space Agency Dr. Steve MacLean has announced his plans to leave the Agency on February 1 to assume a position in a new venture to be created by Mike Lazaridis.
The President of the Canadian Space Agency Steve MacLean has announced his plans to leave.
Haryana Chief Minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda will honour outstanding players of Haryana who have won medals in the 16th Asian Games, their coaches and the participants of these games in a State level 'samman samaroh' to be organized on December 22 at Indradhanush Auditorium, Panchkula.
Chief Minister, will honour outstanding players of Haryana.
GE Transportation, a supplier to the rail, marine and mining industries, said Tuesday it will permanently cut 350 workers and temporarily lay off another 1,200 amid a sharp drop in demand.
GE Transportation, said it will permanently cut 350 workers and temporarily lay off another 1,200.
The Eagles will host safety prospect Janzen Jackson, according to a report.
The Eagles will host safety prospect Janzen Jackson.
Dame Edna is everywhere promoter her new show, ``All About Me''.
Dame Edna is everywhere.
Air France-KLM, Europe's biggest airline, said that its March passenger traffic fell sharply as the economic situation got worse.
Air France-KLM said its March traffic fell sharply.
Iran tightened its grip on the media on Wednesday, accusing some foreign outlets of being the ``mouthpiece of rioters'' and warning websites about their reports on the disputed presidential election.
Iran tightened its grip on the media.
Two young brothers from Glasgow, who had been missing since Tuesday evening, have been found safe and well.
Two brothers have been found safe and well.
Mr. John Dramani Mahama, the running mate to Professor JEA Mills, the flag bearer of the National Democratic Congress, has dared Nana Akufo-Addo, the presidential aspirant of the New Patriotic Party, to mount a platform and ask the electorate to assess their living condition before they decide on voting for the NPP.
John Dramani Mahama, has dared Nana Akufo-Addo.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday slammed the recent hike in coal prices and said that UPA-II's ``anti-people decision'' would affect the common man.
Mamata Banerjee slammed the hike in coal prices.
It's a few days old now but the always entertaining David Mc Williams had, as usual, an excellent grasp of why the ECB had no choice except bailing out Irish banks.
An grasp of why the ECB had no choice except bailing out Irish banks.
Banfield claimed the first Argentine league title in its 113-year history on Sunday, finishing top of the Apertura standings despite a 2-0 loss at Boca Juniors.
Banfield claimed the first Argentine league title.
Iran could have enough enriched uranium to construct an atomic bomb this year, a noted think tank said Tuesday.
Iran could have uranium to construct an bomb this year.
An Abu Dhabi investment fund has bought a big stake in Manhattan's landmark Chrysler Building.
An Abu Dhabi fund has bought a stake in Chrysler Building.
Zimbabwe has benefited greatly from the smart partnership concept espoused at the Langkawi International Dialogue series, said President Robert Mugabe.
Zimbabwe has benefited greatly from the smart partnership concept, said Robert Mugabe.
Americans have a skewed perception about their weight, often believing that they are thinner than they actually are, according to a new poll conducted by Harris Interactive and HealthDay.
Americans have a perception, believing they are thinner than they are.
A Stevenage man has been jailed by a court in North Wales after trying to blow up a petrol station.
A man has been jailed after trying to blow up a petrol station.
Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt and Jennifer Anniston are set to share the stage together when the latest issue of Top Forbes Celebrity List hits the newstands.
Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt and Jennifer Anniston are set to share the stage together.
Barry Bonds was found guilty of obstruction of justice but a jury failed to reach a verdict on three other counts that the home run king lied to a grand jury in 2003 when he specifically denied that he knowingly used steroids and human growth hormone.
Barry Bonds was found guilty of obstruction of justice.
Wiz Khalifa and Amber Rose announced last night at the MTV Video Music Awards that they're expecting their first child, Us Weekly reports.
Wiz Khalifa and Amber Rose announced they 're expecting their first child.
An argument between two neighbors lead to a police standoff in Caseyville Monday evening.
An argument between two neighbors lead to a police standoff.
The new conclusions will chime with many who have found that there is more than one way to satisfy a woman in bed.
There is more than one way to satisfy a woman.
The Presbyterian general assembly is to meet in Londonderry for the first time in 80 years.
The Presbyterian general assembly is to meet in Londonderry.
When we look at the 32 2010 NFL starting QB's, a good number of interesting demographics begin to appear.
We look at the 32 2010 NFL starting QB, a number begin.
A Honolulu man in his late 30's is being held on suspicion that he allegedly hit another man on the head with a frame of a sign in a Waikiki bar Monday night.
A man in hit with a frame of a sign in a Waikiki bar.
In an effort to solve three animal neglect and abuse cases, Rescue the Animals, SPCA is offering a $500 reward in each case for information leading to the indictment and conviction of those responsible.
SPCA is offering a $ 500 reward.
Charles and Camilla have arrived in Canada -- a half-hour earlier in Newfoundland.
Charles and Camilla have arrived in Canada.
Anthony Watts second from right at the Maroubra police station where he was charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm.
Anthony Watts was charged with assault.
Bristol Rovers have signed Leicester City youngster Oliver Norburn on a one-month loan deal.
Bristol Rovers have signed Leicester City youngster Oliver Norburn.
BankMuscat, the flagship financial services provider in the Sultanate, has launched an attractive Sayyarati auto loan campaign offering a host of features, including lower interest rates and financing up to 8 years for new as well as used vehicles.
BankMuscat has launched an Sayyarati auto loan campaign.
A northeastern Pennsylvania boy is hospitalized after a lightning strike that happened just after he got off the school bus near his home.
A Pennsylvania boy is hospitalized after a lightning strike.
In updating the update, ESPN's Calvin Watkins reported that Wade Phillips was seen by ``several team employees'' at the Cowboys facility Monday.
Wade Phillips was seen at the Cowboys facility.
Despite being shut down for 3-4 days following a setback with his surgically repaired shoulder, Eric Chavez said Tuesday that he still hopes to be ready for Opening Day.
Eric Chavez still hopes to be ready for Opening Day.
Pakistani and Chinese armies will hold a joint anti-terrorism military training here in China this summer, the Information Office of the Ministry of National Defense has said.
Pakistani and Chinese armies will hold a anti-terrorism military training this summer.
The bank that gained notoriety as the victim of convicted fraudster Jerome Kerviel says profit from corporate and investment banking, its largest division, slumped 40.6 percent in the quarter as the bank took losses disposing of 4.9 billion in collatoralized debt obligations and other risky, capital-intensive assets.
Profit from corporate and investment banking slumped as the bank took.
A British soldier killed in Afghanistan on Sunday was named as 20-year-old Rifleman Samuel John Bassett by the Ministry of Defence.
A soldier killed in Afghanistan was named.
A cargo vessel was stalled off Antique province after its engine conked amid rough seas, a radio report said Wednesday.
A cargo vessel was stalled off Antique province.
Kelly Osbourne says she wants to play alleged Russian spy Anna Chapman if a movie is made of her story.
Kelly Osbourne wants to play spy Anna Chapman if a movie is made.
Howard Jacobson won the Man Booker Prize 2010 for the book ``The Finkler Question'' at a glittering ceremony at the Guildall Hall in London Tuesday.
Howard Jacobson won the Man Booker Prize 2010.
A Baldwin county coach has been suspended after administrators said he took off a belt, doubled it, and hit two students.
A Baldwin county coach has been suspended.
Washington, Jan 31 US economic growth slumped in the fourth quarter to 0.6 percent as home construction and vehicle output plunged and consumer spending cooled, US officials said Wednesday.
Washington, US economic growth slumped to 0.6 percent.
The last 12 months, Hollywood has been having a pajama party.
Hollywood has been having a pajama party.
Robbers killed an Australian businessman after taking more than P1.4 million in cash and jewelry from his home in Ajuy town, Iloilo after midnight Tuesday.
Robbers killed an Australian businessman.
Roddick was upset by Viktor Troicki 0-6, 6-2, 6-4, in the quarterfinals of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic on Friday, the same day second-seeded del Potro won his 17th straight match, a 6-4, 6-4 victory over John Isner.
Roddick was upset the day del Potro won his 17th straight match.
Alanis Morissette has vowed to write songs until she's ``dead'' because she becomes ``really depressed'' when she is not penning a new track.
Alanis Morissette has vowed to write songs until she's dead.
More than 7 tons of marijuana has been seized by US Border Patrol Agents in the Rio Grande Valley area in the past week.
More than 7 tons of marijuana has been seized in the Rio Grande Valley area.
North Queensland captain Johnathan Thurston will be rested for six to eight weeks after it was confirmed on Monday that he has a medial ligament tear in his right ankle.
Johnathan Thurston will be rested for six to eight weeks.
Two pools of mosquitoes collected in Corpus Christi have tested positive for St. Louis encephalitis, a viral infection that can cause brain inflammation, but there have been no reports of the disease in humans.
Two pools of mosquitoes have tested positive for St. Louis encephalitis.
South Africa's current account deficit declined between the first and last quarter of 2009, said the South African Reserve Bank in its May Monetary Policy Review released in Pretoria on Thursday.
South Africa's current account deficit declined.
``I must admit that artists are not valued in this country and it's not just actors, it also includes painters, dancers, classical singers.
Artists are not valued in this country.
Clay County has decided to use some reserve funds in the event of a Minnesota Government shutdown.
Clay County has decided to use some reserve funds in the event of a shutdown.
Apple on Wednesday took administrative control of the iCloud.com domain less than a week before CEO Steve Jobs is to unveil his company's new cloud-based service.
Apple took control of the iCloud.com domain.
Matt Smith is to leave Doctor Who at the end of 2013, the BBC has confirmed.
Matt Smith is to leave Doctor Who.
Bodies of Aasiya and Neelofar, raped and murdered in south Kashmir's Shopian district on May 29 this year, are likely to be exhumed on Sunday.
Bodies are likely to be exhumed on Sunday.
Scientists have discovered a three billion-year-old crater in Greenland believed to be the largest and oldest on the planet.
Scientists have discovered a three billion year old crater in Greenland.
Bharti Airtel said last week that it expects the contribution of VAS to its overall revenues to double in the near future fueled mainly by new VAS and mobile data services.
Bharti Airtel expects the contribution of VAS to double.
University of Guelph graduate research assistants will be voting Wednesday as a result of an application for certification from the Canadian Union of Public Employees.
University of graduate research assistants will be voting Wednesday.
Chillicothe split a doubleheader Tuesday at Slippery Rock, first winning a suspended game from July 21st, 7-6, then falling to the Sliders 6-4 after taking an early 4-1 lead.
Chillicothe split at Slippery Rock.
Poland's Institute of Tourism has calculated that foreign football fans spent 1.376 billion zloty in the country during Euro 2012.
Foreign football fans spent 1.376 billion zloty during Euro 2012.
A landslide buried 20 boys and four adults at a Malaysian orphanage Saturday where scores of rescuers were digging by their hands in soil softened by the rains to find the missing, police said.
A landslide buried 20 boys at a Malaysian orphanage.
HeidelbergCement and Italcementi signed a licensing agreement for joint use of a series of cement and photocatalytic binders developed by Italcementi and the TX Active photoactive cement brand.
HeidelbergCement and Italcementi signed a agreement.
AP May 27, 2010 06:16:30 AM Dozens of World War II-era ships are crossing the English Channel to mark the 70th anniversary of the Dunkirk evacuation.
AP, 2010 06:16:30 Dozens of ships are crossing the English Channel to mark the 70th anniversary of the Dunkirk evacuation.
Rupert Murdoch has filed for divorce from his third wife, Wendi Deng Murdoch, saying their 14-year marriage had ``broken down irretrievably''.
Rupert Murdoch has filed for divorce.
``Work is a right, gang of thieves,'' was the slogan with which the Tunisian revolution started on December 17, 2010 in Sidi Bouzid.
Work is a right, gang of thieves.
Belkin has unveiled a new brand identity committed to creating people-inspired products.
Belkin has unveiled a new brand identity.
Giovanni Trapattoni has left Sunderland winger James McClean OUT of his squad to play the Czech Republic at the end of the month.
Giovanni Trapattoni has left James McClean OUT of his squad to play the Czech Republic.
Will Smith has revealed that he and wife Jada Pinkett Smith have an open marriage and often talk about having sex with other people.
Will Smith have an open marriage.
Bomber Joe Daniher has knee surgery Updated: 16:34, Thursday December 20, 2012 Essendon's much-vaunted new draftee Joe Daniher has had knee surgery, the AFL club has confirmed.
Bomber Joe Daniher has knee surgery.
Green shoots Spurs past Timberwolves 104-94 A nationally televised game with Commissioner David Stern in the house, and there sat Tim Duncan and Manu Ginobili.
Green shoots Spurs past Timberwolves 104.
I read your response regarding smoke-odor elimination, and I am surprised that you did not refer the writer to a dry cleaner who had an ozone machine to remove the smoke odor.
Who had an ozone machine to remove the smoke odor.
The former Vice President, Dick Cheney was rushed to hospital on Friday, it has not yet been confirmed what the exact health problem is but it could be related to previous heart problems.
Dick Cheney was rushed to hospital.
The NTBPE provides an alternative to traditional in-line failover solutions, by also allowing intelligent upgrades of network appliance functionality without disrupting network connectivity.
The NTBPE provides, by allowing intelligent upgrades without disrupting network connectivity.
Tuqiri edging closer to NRL return Updated: 20:31, Wednesday May 8, 2013 Former dual international Lote Tuqiri says he's not ready to hang up his boots just yet and revealed his frustration at not being able to help the struggling Wests Tigers find some form.
Tuqiri edging closer to NRL return.
For the first time since 1984, soccer will make a return to Wrigley Field when Italy's AS Roma and Poland's Zaglebie Lubin play an international friendly on July 22 at 2:30 pm
Soccer will make a return to Wrigley Field.
In Pakistan underworld, a cop is said to be a king A corrupt, low-level cop with a healthy dose of street smarts rises to control hundreds of illegal gambling dens in Pakistan's largest city.
In Pakistan underworld, a cop is said to be a king.
State Street swung to a profit in the second-quarter, helped by higher investment management and servicing fees.
State Street swung to a profit.
Karzai defends Harry over comments Updated: 04:57, Tuesday February 5, 2013 Afghan President Hamid Karzai has defended Prince Harry over 'crass' comments he made about killing Taliban fighters when he served in Afghanistan.
Karzai defends Harry over comments.
Anna Hazare and yoga guru Baba Ramdev today began their joint fast against the UPA government on the issue of corruption at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi.
Anna Hazare guru Baba Ramdev today began their joint fast.
Texans donate to get the homeless off the streets.
Texans donate to get the homeless.
ROGER Federer praised Rafael Nadal yesterday after the Spanish king of clay clinched the Queen's Club crown.
ROGER Federer praised Rafael Nadal.
Nationals right-hander Tim Redding had surgery to repair a bone in a joint on his left foot Friday and is expected to be ready for the start of spring training.
Nationals right-hander Tim Redding had surgery to repair in a joint on his left foot.
The first cycling path was opened in Yerevan today upon the initiative of the Kanachastan NGO and the Yerevan City Hall.
The first cycling path was opened in Yerevan.
Hyderabad, the capital city of Andhra Pradesh, located on the banks of the Musi river in the northern part of the Deccan Plateau, has again shown the way.
Hyderabad, has shown the way.
SPANISH striker Xisco has been backed to bring more goals to Newcastle after scoring on his United debut.
Xisco has been backed to bring goals to Newcastle.
Port Adelaide onballer Travis Boak says AFL players are using umpires as a screen to get away from taggers.
AFL players are using umpires as a screen.
Beer batter gives fried onion rings rich golden color and a faintly malty taste.
Beer batter gives onion rings.
The economic tsunami that is fast approaching our shores is going to be BIG.
The economic tsunami is going to be BIG.
Journalist Jane Scott, who covered pop music at the Cleveland Plain Dealer for more than four decades before her 2002 retirement, died July 4 in Cleveland after a long illness.
Journalist Jane Scott died.
Barclays downgraded Niska Gas Storage Partners LLC from Equalweight to Underweight, price target lowered from $15 to $9.
Barclays downgraded Niska Gas Storage Partners LLC to Underweight.
UK Prime Minister David Cameron has announced plans for 'biggest trade deal' in history between EU and US ahead of the G8 summit.
David Cameron has announced plans for biggest trade deal in history between EU and US.
/ Scott Nathan photo Chick-fil-A opened its doors Thursday, May 23, in Rehoboth Beach, which had people from all over the state, as well as New Jersey and Pennsylvania, lined up overnight waiting to get their chicken fix.
Chick-fil-A opened, in Rehoboth Beach.
A real estate listing service said Baltimore area homes prices fell 13.5 percent in April, the steepest drop in more than a decade.
Baltimore area homes prices fell 13.5 percent.
Adult catering courses are among those facing funding cuts as the government plans to reduce budgets by an average of 16 per cent to further education colleges.
Adult catering courses are among those facing funding cuts.
Fire destroys a Lone Grove furniture store, and again firefighters say a space heater is to blame.
Fire destroys a Lone Grove furniture store.
TOKYO -China beat South Korea for the first time Wednesday, winning 3-0 at the East Asian Championship.
China beat South Korea, winning at the East Asian Championship.
An Air Force Reserve lieutenant colonel who works with US Central Command in Tampa as a civilian has been arrested in Orlando.
An lieutenant colonel has been arrested in Orlando.
A SOMERSET hotel has changed hands.
A hotel has changed hands.
A BRITISH yachtsman has sailed into the record books to become the first sailor ever to circumnavigate the globe solo through the icebound Arctic.
A yachtsman has sailed into the record books.
Georgia accused Russia of breaking a ceasefire on Wednesday by sending troops from breakaway South Ossetia into Georgia proper but Russia denied any incursion.
Georgia accused Russia of breaking a ceasefire on.
The Associated Press Pittsburgh Pirates reliever Joel Hanrahan will miss the start of the regular season because of an injured right elbow and there is no timetable for his return.
The Pittsburgh Pirates reliever will miss the start of the season.
America may have invented the Internet, but more than 100 million American lack access to broadband and its accompanying economic benefits, according to a new report from the Federal Communications Commission.
But more than 100 million American lack access to broadband and its economic benefits.
In a brief statement issued in the wake of today's findings by the FIA's International Tribunal, Mercedes accepts its decision and announces that it will not appeal.
Mercedes will not appeal.
The new set of local leaders for Quezon City, led by mayor-elect Herbert 'Bistek' Bautista, have been proclaimed on Tuesday afternoon.
The new set of local leaders for Quezon City have been proclaimed.
News Minute: 'Don't Ask Don't Tell' repealed Roger Federer has pulled out of the Shanghai Masters next month to rest ``nagging injuries'' and ensure a six-week break.
Roger Federer has pulled out of the Shanghai Masters to rest.
A Taumarunui man is lucky to be alive after falling up to 10m from a bridge.
A man is lucky to be alive.
Heron Irrigation, part of parent company Heron Lawn and Pest Control, is announced as the preferred local provider of Palm Coast irrigation by PreferredLocalBusiness.tv.
Heron Irrigation is announced as the preferred local provider of Palm Coast irrigation.
KATE Moss has posed naked for boyfriend Jamie Hince in a series of sexy black and white images.
KATE Moss has posed naked for boyfriend Jamie Hince.
Viacom is seeking to revive its lawsuit against YouTube over alleged unauthorized posting of Viacom content on the video-sharing site between 2005 and 2008.
Viacom is seeking to revive its lawsuit against YouTube.
A young tiger killed by poachers near Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh, India.
A young tiger killed by poachers near Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh.
Norfolk Southern Railway has been ordered to pay damages to a Tennessee whistleblower who was fired after he reported an injury on the job.
Norfolk Southern Railway has been ordered to pay to a Tennessee whistleblower.
The Pirates introduced their 1st round selection and UCLA pitching product Gerrit Cole on Saturday.
The Pirates introduced and Gerrit Cole.
German luxury car maker Mercedes-Benz today launched ``SLK 350``, a two-seat sports car, in India at a price of Rs 61.90 lakh.
Mercedes-Benz today launched SLK 350 in India at a price of Rs 61.90 lakh.
A lawyer said Wednesday that his client will testify that he was sexually abused by former Penn State assistant coach Jerry Sandusky, and Pennsylvania state lawmakers are starting to plan for a special commission that will examine the legal issues raised by the child sex-abuse scandal.
A lawyer said his client will testify he was abused by Jerry Sandusky.
A man allegedly linked to a Pittsfield homicide has denied felony drug charges from another case.
A man has denied drug charges.
Stocks pared earlier gains and were lower at midday.
Stocks pared earlier gains and were lower.
The Columbia College softball team lost 2-1 to Belhaven University on Saturday at the NAIA national softball championships at Wilson Morgan Park in Decatur, Ala.
The Columbia College team lost at the NAIA softball championships.
Milk production decreased in New York in May according to the United States Department of Agriculture National Agricultural Statistics Service.
Milk production decreased in May.
AN AMBITIOUS festival celebrating the cultural heritage of the North-East aims to unite the whole region this summer.
AN festival aims to unite the whole region.
British Airways launches its great big sale with thousands of flights in all cabins to over hundred worldwide destinations, and hundreds of holidays for various travel departures.
British Airways launches its great big sale.
Ancient Rome has risen from the ruins thanks to a new version of Google Earth that lets you tour the city on your computer in 3D.
Ancient Rome has risen from the ruins thanks to a version of Google Earth.
A state district judge has convicted a Clinton alderman on a misdemeanor charge of interfering with a law enforcement investigation.
A judge has convicted a Clinton alderman on a charge of interfering.
Six NFL players have been suspended for four games each after taking banned substances which could act as masking agents for steroids, the NFL said on Wednesday.
Six NFL players have been suspended.
Torch for the city celebration of the Olympic sailing was kindled here Saturday night at the launching ceremony of the Olympic sailing regatta.
Torch for the city celebration of the Olympic sailing was kindled.
When Washington authorities couldn't find a place for a high-risk sexual predator to live after his release from prison, they told him to sleep under a bridge.
Washington authorities couldn't find, they told him to sleep under a bridge.
Oracle announced Tuesday that it plans to buy e-commerce vendor Art Technology Group for about US$1 billion.
Oracle plans to buy Art Technology Group for about $ 1 billion.
A prisoner died in Azerbaijan, Nizami district Prosecutor's Office told APA.
A prisoner died in Azerbaijan.
Lyricist-filmmaker Gulzar will be honoured with excellence in cinema award by South Asian Cinema foundation this year.
Gulzar will be honoured.
Asian Tour honorary member KJ Choi is ready to roll out the red carpet for his guests when he returns home to host his own Asian Tour tournament, the CJ Invitational Hosted by KJ Choi next week.
KJ Choi is ready to roll out the red carpet he returns to host his tournament, the CJ Invitational.
With massage centres in and around Hyderabad being used for flesh trade, Hyderabad police has banned massage parlours where female employees massage male customers.
Hyderabad police has banned massage parlours.
Tuesday's bleak reports on the state of US and European manufacturing confirmed that a global recession has already begun.
A global recession has begun.
Rush Limbaugh is still waiting for Apple CEO Steve Jobs to help him out with a couple of issues he's having with his many Apple Macs.
Rush Limbaugh is still waiting for Steve Jobs.
Qualcomm has entered into a collaborative agreement with SEMATECH to advance CMOS scaling and assess new technologies.
Qualcomm has entered into a collaborative agreement with SEMATECH.
AP © Enlarge photo A promoter has denied that he pushed Michael Jackson to rehearse for his ill-fated comeback concerts, refuting testimony by the singer's longtime make-up artist and stylist.
Promoter has denied he pushed Michael Jackson.
What exactly is engine screech when it relates to jet engines?
What is engine screech.
Frith Banbury, one of the British theatre's most respected directors, has died at the age of 96.
Frith Banbury has died at the age of 96.
She's set to be immortalised as a cartoon character in her latest conquest.
She's set to be immortalised as a cartoon character.
Tennessee area Facebook users are changing their profile pics to cartoon characters in order to gain awareness of child abuse.
Tennessee area Facebook users are changing their profile pics to cartoon characters.
Toronto police are cracking down on distracted drivers in a six-day, province-wide campaign that began Monday.
Police are cracking down on distracted drivers.
A man was shot in the neck on a Washington Heights street early Saturday morning, fire officials said.
A man was shot in the neck on a Washington Heights street.
Motherwell manager Mark McGhee has told Hearts to stop playing games and make an offer if they want to sign striker Chris Porter.
Mark McGhee has told Hearts.
Arran children brought a Roald Dahl book to life and, in only a few hours, had performed a play in front of family and friends at Brodick library.
Arran children brought a Roald Dahl book to life.
US investor Warren Buffett has built a $1 billion stake in Munich Re, boosting his insurance holdings by taking a 3% stake in the world's biggest reinsurer.
Warren Buffett has built a $ 1 billion stake in Munich Re.
Australia has asked Pakistan to effectively clamp down on terror camps operating inside its territory in order to win Indias confidence.
Australia has asked Pakistan to clamp down on terror camps operating in order to win Indias confidence.
Former Clemson University All-American DJ Trahan made the cut at the Masters today with a second-round 73 for a two-day total of 1-over par 145.
DJ Trahan made the cut at the Masters.
Ukraine canceled the ban on imports of legumes from the European Union and Egypt, imposed in May of the current year at the outbreak of epidemics of coliform bacillus E.coli in the EU.
Ukraine canceled the ban on imports of legumes from the European Union and Egypt.
Authorities say a 26-year-old man has drowned at an east Georgia lake.
A man has drowned at an east Georgia lake.
QI HAVE a fatty liver and have been told to lose three stones.
QI HAVE a fatty liver.
Mark Webber stood defiant on Sunday after ignoring repeated orders not to try to overtake Red Bull teammate Sebastian Vettel in the closing laps of the British Grand Prix.
Mark Webber stood defiant after ignoring orders.
PC and hardware distributor Tarsus believes that the need for upgradability in the PC world is dead.
The need for upgradability in the PC world is dead.
Richmond County RCMP are investigating a break and enter which resulted in the theft of two firearms as well as various tools.
RCMP are investigating a break and enter.
Justice Sonia Sotomayor speaks at Pace Law School Supreme Court nominees never again get the kind of attention that comes during the confirmation process, Justice Sonia Sotomayor said Monday in a question-and-answer session with law students.
Justice Sonia Sotomayor speaks at Pace Law School Supreme Court nominees.
Each report, developed by committees of parents, teachers and students at both schools, found more advantages than disadvantages.
Each report, developed by committees of parents, teachers and students, found more advantages than disadvantages.
Students from seven schools across the country have launched petitions on Change.org in the past 48 hours demanding the removal or prevention of Chick-fil-A franchises on their campuses following this week's media blitz over the fast food chain's public stance against same-sex marriage.
Students have launched demanding the removal of Chick-fil-A franchises on their campuses.
Venezuelan authorities have destroyed more than 30,000 illegal firearms as part of an effort to combat soaring crime.
Venezuelan authorities have destroyed more than 30,000 firearms.
The Reserve Bank and market regulator SEBI on Wednesday finalized guidelines for currency futures.
The Reserve Bank and SEBI finalized guidelines for currency futures.
A 33 year-old Athlone drug dealer has been jailed for seven years after Mullingar Circuit Court heard last week that he had been found in possession of over €18,000 worth of drugs.
A Athlone dealer has been jailed for seven years.
Jenna McCorkell produced the best performance of her life at the World Figure Skating Championships in Turin at the weekend, finishing 14th overall after a flawless free programme.
Jenna McCorkell produced the performance of her life.
Amanda Bynes is fed up of getting messages from 'ugly' people and feels like she is being 'punked'.
Amanda Bynes is fed up of getting from ugly people.
Danny Pudi has joked that he wants Community to feature an episode based on ninjas.
Danny Pudi wants Community to feature.
This summer, the Pentagon will salute them, marking June as gay pride month just as it has marked celebrations honoring racial or ethnic groups.
The Pentagon will salute, marking June as gay pride month.
House GOP Leader John Boehner offered a concession on tax cuts, suggesting Republicans would accept a two-year extension of all the Bush-era tax breaks rather than the permanent extension they have been seeking.
John Boehner offered a concession on tax cuts.
LOAN signings Wayne Bridge and Sotirios Kyrgiakos return for Sunderland but Nicklas Bendtner cannot play against his parent club.
Wayne Bridge and Sotirios Kyrgiakos return for Sunderland.
A brand new poster and title banner for The Nutcracker in 3D has been released by Cinemarket Films.
A new poster and title banner for The Nutcracker in 3D has been released.
Pop star Lady Gaga has revealed that she suffered trauma while abusing cocaine and alcohol as a youngster.
Lady Gaga suffered trauma while abusing cocaine and alcohol.
Ruud Gullit has been sacked by Terek Grozny after just five months in charge of the Russian Premier League outfit.
Ruud Gullit has been sacked by Terek Grozny after just five months in charge.
About 39 minutes ago, TMZ.com reported and Zennie62.com echoed that Actress Lindsay Lohan failed a drug test given last week.
Lindsay Lohan failed a drug test.
As hard as it is to believe Britney Spears and fiancé Jason Trawick are apparently trying for a baby.
Britney Spears and Jason Trawick are trying for a baby.
India's Saina Nehwal crashed out of the women's singles second round of the Denmark Open badminton with a 19-21, 13-21 loss to Tzu Ying Tai of Chinese Taipei at Odense Thursday.
India's Saina Nehwal crashed round of the Denmark Open badminton.
Elyria-based Invacare on Thursday reported improved earnings and sales growth during its third quarter.
Invacare reported improved earnings during its third quarter.
A Williston man, injured last week in a dirt bike accident, died Friday from his injuries, according to the Florida Highway Patrol.
A man, injured in a dirt bike accident, died.
Bode Miller was assured of his second overall World Cup title in four years after his closest challenger decided not to ski in one of the final two races of the season.
Bode Miller was assured of his overall title.
The Corning -Painted Post school board unanimously approved a proposed $87.7 million dollar budget tonight.
The Corning - Painted Post school board approved a $ 87.7 million dollar budget.
On March 25 American rapper 50 Cent released an official music video for his song ``We Up'' featuring Kendrick Lamar on his VEVO YouTube channel.
50 Cent released an official music video for his song featuring Kendrick Lamar.
Eastern China's Shagang has raised its May ex-works prices of hot rolled coil by RMB 200/tonne, and plate by RMB 300/t.
Eastern China's Shagang has raised its May prices of coil, and plate.
A WORKSHOP in Cirencester on improving relationships could help those looking for love this Valentine's Day.
A WORKSHOP could help those looking for love this Valentine's Day.
HEAVY drinkers are taking a toll on their colleagues, forcing them to work longer and harder while costing the Australian economy over $400 million each year.
Drinkers are taking a toll on their colleagues.
Big Brown, the odds-on favorite, won the Kentucky Derby 134 on Saturday, continuing his undefeated record.
Big Brown, won the Kentucky Derby 134 on Saturday.
A new program from Gold Star Chili helped a returning soldier reconnect with his friends and family Friday night.
A soldier reconnect with his friends and family.
Geocoding is set to open up new avenues of customer insight in Australia, according to Ian Holsman, who is the founder of a new Australian blog advocating the use of big data in business.
Geocoding is set to open up new avenues of customer insight.
After 27 days in the Brazilian Highlands, Tyson Apostol became the ninth castaway to be eliminated from Survivor:
Tyson Apostol became the ninth castaway to be eliminated from Survivor.
A woman suffered a head injury after a two-car crash in Lafayette.
A woman suffered a head injury after a crash.
NY futures continued to drop this week, with December falling 250 points to close at 49.94 cents, while March was down 312 points to close at 53.75 cents.
NY futures continued to drop this week.
Team Exergy will return to the UCI Continental ranks for their third straight year in 2013, the team announced today.
Team Exergy will return ranks in 2013.
An international logistics conference wrapped up in the northern Russian city of Murmansk on Thursday.
An international logistics conference wrapped up in the city of Murmansk.
The offensives are part of an ongoing operation, which began on Saturday in an effort to secure next month's parliamentary elections.
The offensives are part of an ongoing operation.
A Qassam rocket was launched into Israel from the Gaza Strip Tuesday evening, in violation of a four-month-old ceasefire between Israel and Hamas.
A Qassam rocket was launched into Israel from the Gaza Strip.
A father has finally been reunited with his children after the tragic shooting of a young mother by her infant's kidnapper.
A father has been reunited with his children after the tragic shooting of a young mother.
Drug users and advocates are taking the City of Abbotsford to court over the city's harm reduction bylaw.
Drug users and advocates are taking the City of Abbotsford to court over the city's bylaw.
Local unemployment fell to 9.2 percent last month from 9.3 percent in September, but remained slightly higher than the 9.1 percent rate in October 2011.
Local unemployment fell to 9.2 percent last month.
A jury considering the fate of a man accused of raping a child will resume its deliberations today.
A jury will resume today.
Three more Victor student athletes have committed to colleges for the fall.
Three Victor athletes have committed to colleges.
President Barack Obama says US troops will stay in Afghanistan ``until the job is done''.
US troops will stay in Afghanistan until the job is done.
A Special Olympics softball team from Mahoning County is headed to Columbus Friday to compete in the state tournament.
A Special Olympics team is headed to compete in the state tournament.
MEA spokesperson has said India is in touch with Maldivian authorities to resolve former President Mohd Nasheed's arrest issue.
India is in touch with Maldivian authorities.
Halle Berry has been formally interviewed by the the LAPD after her nanny claimed that the Academy Award winning actresses' ex-boyfriend, and baby daddy, Gabriel Aubry, pushed her while she was holding their daughter, Nahla, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting.
Halle Berry has been interviewed by the the LAPD after her nanny claimed, and daddy, Gabriel Aubry, pushed her.
S Ramachandra, a well-known cinematographer, died on Monday.
S Ramachandra, a cinematographer, died.
Crestwood Medical Center officials filed an appeal Friday with the Alabama Certificate of Need Review Board in hopes of still building Madison's new 60-bed hospital.
Crestwood Medical Center officials filed an appeal.
Andrew Croft, head of charity office space provider Can Mezzanine, said councils were not using community asset transfer laws, which allow them to sell property cheaply to the third sector, because they were worried about losing revenue.
Councils were not using asset transfer laws.
THE Australian film industry must act like a business and abandon social realism films for melodramas like Australia and Mao's Last Dancer, says Screen Producers Association of Australia president Antony I Ginnane.
THE film industry must act like a business.
A woman returning to her home in Windward Hills found burglars inside her residence and she managed to catch one of the suspects until police arrived.
A woman returning to her home found burglars.
The start of the new legislative session Tuesday has lawmakers colliding with a massive state budget deficit and likely with each other.
The start has lawmakers colliding with a state budget deficit.
A number of houses in Korotari, Labasa have been blown away by the hurricane force winds.
A number of houses, have been blown away.
Governor Bob Riley says he is taking over the task force on illegal gambling using his ``supreme executive power''.
Bob Riley is taking over using his supreme executive power.
Dutch financial services company ING Groep said Friday that it may have to sell more assets to repay state aid, as it grapples to meet stricter banking rules and protect itself against choppy markets.
ING Groep may have to sell assets to repay state aid.
Air Zimbabwe pilots Friday ended a two-week pay-relate d strike which airline officials said had cost the national carrier more than US$5 million in lost revenue.
Air Zimbabwe pilots ended a strike.
Circulation of The Economist has grown 3.7% worldwide, according to a press release, reaching 1,473,939 in the last year as per the latest ABC figures.
Circulation of The Economist has grown 3.7% worldwide.
The Bank of Canada cut its benchmark interest rate on Tuesday to a historic low of 0.25 percent and made no explicit commitment to taking nonconventional measures to spur the economy even as it predicted a deeper-than-expected recession.
The Bank of Canada cut its rate.
Monterey boys and girls dropped a pair of non-district games as the Wolves and Lady Wolves prepare for District 3-B play.
Monterey boys dropped a pair of non-district games.
Mina Bern, one of the last living links to the once-thriving New York Yiddish theatre scene, died Jan. 10.
Mina Bern, one of the links to the New York Yiddish theatre scene, died.
A recent World Health Organization report shows that China has outperformed India in improving general health conditions of its citizens during the past decade by reporting less infectious disease cases, having a wider coverage of various medical services, and seeing longer life expectancy.
China has outperformed India in improving general health conditions.
The US military death toll in Iraq has hit 4,000 after the death of four soldiers in a Baghdad bomb attack which the White House said on Monday had left President George W. Bush grieving.
The US military toll in Iraq has hit 4,000 after the death.
Firefighters in a Vermont city said a hotel had to be evacuated in the middle of the night after a guest plugged a European DVD player into an American electrical outlet.
A hotel had to be evacuated after a guest plugged a European DVD player into an outlet.
For the third straight year, Huntsville has received the highest ratings from Standard \u0026 Poor's and Moody's.
Huntsville has received the highest ratings from Standard \u0026 Poor and Moody.
Levi Johnston, the Wasilla teenager planning to marry Gov. Sarah Palin's daughter, Bristol, has quit his North Slope oil field job over questions about his eligibility to participate in an electrical apprenticeship program, Johnston's father said today.
Levi Johnston, has quit his oil field job.
Disney has just acquired Tapulous, according to a report from TechCrunch today.
Disney has acquired Tapulous.
In an apparent bid to explain his financial assets and debunk allegations he had acquired illegal wealth, a combative Chief Justice Renato Corona declared in his opening statement at the impeachment trial today that he and his family had led a simple lifestyle despite having inherited a fortune and earned much as a lawyer.
A Renato Corona had led a simple lifestyle.
I just got home and watched the replay, definitively goal tending and Joseph was fouled after.
I just got home and watched the replay.
Salina police reported Friday that more than $5,000 worth of items were stolen from a garage at 1417 Martin between 10 pm Saturday and 9 am Sunday.
More than $ 5,000 worth of items were stolen from a garage.
Red Bull have threatened to protest the designs of Brawn GP, Toyota and Williams' rear diffusers unless the teams modify their cars.
Red Bull have threatened to protest.
A key Shreveport mayoral staffer was paid thousands of dollars for political work on behalf of a congressional hopeful who also gave $10,000 to Mayor Cedric Glover's re-election.
A key Shreveport mayoral staffer was paid thousands of dollars for political work on behalf.
The Dallas Stars dumped Sean Avery yesterday, announcing that the team will not welcome its mouthy forward back from his league-issued six-game suspension, which ended Saturday.
The Dallas Stars dumped Sean Avery.
The UID system has an inbuilt security and privacy component which ensures that information from the data bank could not be accessed except on grounds like national security, Unique Identification Authority of India Chairman Nandan Nilekani said today.
The UID system has an inbuilt security and privacy component.
Antibiotic resistance remains a major threat to public health around the world, and for the large part, the cause is misuse of antibiotics, says the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control.
Antibiotic resistance remains a major threat to public health.
He is likely to miss Sunday's nationally televised game against the Suns at US Airways Center.
He is likely to miss Sunday's game against the Suns.
Teachers won millions of pounds in compensation last year after accidents, injuries, assaults and discrimination at school, new figures show.
Teachers won millions in compensation after accidents assaults and discrimination at school.
Taipei - Taiwan on Thursday pledged continued aid to Swaziland to strengthen the two countries' diplomatic ties.
Taiwan pledged continued aid to Swaziland.
A number of former employees of a firm based in Barnstaple are claiming constructive dismissal, it has been revealed.
A number of former employees are claiming constructive dismissal.
Orlando Magic forward Rashard Lewis will play against the Charlotte Bobcats in Game 3 of their playoff series despite a sore left ankle.
Orlando Magic Rashard Lewis will play in Game 3 despite a sore ankle.
A NEW shark net was installed at Bar Beach in Narooma over the weekend in plenty of time for the October long weekend.
A NEW shark net was installed.
New research by VicHealth suggests that three quarters of Victorians support a levy on alcohol and junk food advertising, with proceeds going to replace sponsorship by these industries in community sports.
Three quarters of Victorians support a levy on alcohol and junk food advertising.
British sport put soccer first, rugby and cricket a close second and third, and don't put enough resources into all other sports.
British sport put soccer first.
A state fisheries official said this morning that a dead shark found in Lake Guntersville last week was actually an Atlantic sharpnose shark and are more confident that it had been thrown into the lake.
A shark found in Lake Guntersville was an Atlantic sharpnose shark.
A NP man plead guilty Tuesday in Lincoln County District Court before Judge Donald E. Rowlands to on count of first degree assault and possession of marijuana with intent to distribute.
A man plead guilty to on count of assault and possession.
Sharon Stone is being sued for harassment and wrongful termination by a former nanny who claims the actress made disparaging comments about her religion and ethnicity and fired her without reason.
Sharon Stone is being sued for harassment by a former nanny.
Frederick police are investigating a shooting late Wednesday in the 1100 block of Key Parkway, according to a department news release.
Frederick police are investigating a shooting.
Freddie Mac on Tuesday said it sold $3.5 billion of bills at lower rates and weaker demand compared with the most recent sales of similar maturities.
Freddie Mac sold $ 3.5 of bills at lower rates.
A Wainfleet man has been arrested after shooting two dogs, killing one and wounding the other.
A Wainfleet man has been arrested after shooting two dogs.
Vice President John Dramani Mahama would lead a Government delegation to South Africa from March 23 to March 27 to hold discussions in areas of cooperation with leading South Africans.
John Dramani Mahama would lead a Government delegation to South Africa.
Number of Syrian people who escaped from the violence in their country and took shelter in Turkey dropped to 7,412 on Saturday.
Number of Syrian people who escaped and took shelter in Turkey dropped to 7,412.
Fran Drescher recently seriously claimed in an interview that both she and her husband Peter Marc Jacobson were abducted by aliens in junior high.
Fran Drescher were abducted by aliens.
European equities continue to offer good value for investors, according to Dave Fishwick, Head of M\u0026G's Multi Asset management team.
European equities continue to offer good value.
Paraguay striker Salvador Cabanas regained consciousness and spoke to his family for the first time since he was shot in a Mexico City bar last week, his doctors have revealed.
Salvador Cabanas regained consciousness.
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak urged Israel to resume peace talks with the Palestinians where they broke off more than a year ago, warning that the peace process``can't take another failure.''
Hosni Mubarak urged Israel to resume peace talks.
The acting chief financial officer of stricken American mortgage giant Freddie Mac has been found dead after committing suicide, according to reports.
The chief financial officer of stricken giant Freddie Mac has been found after committing suicide.
The Dutch parliament Thursday voted in favour of the Lisbon treaty leading to a reform of the European Union.
The Dutch parliament voted in favour of the Lisbon treaty.
Alan Irvine wants to see normal service resumed tonight after Preston's revival was rudely interrupted in Cardiff.
Alan Irvine wants to see normal service resumed.
Steven Reid reveals that West Bromwich Albion teammate Liam Ridgewell went to see teen popstar Justin Bieber in concert.
Steven Reid reveals Liam Ridgewell went to see Justin Bieber in concert.
Hewlett-Packard has announced that it will manufacture more TouchPads in response to ``stunning'' demand following its decision to discontinue the tablets.
It will manufacture more TouchPads in response to demand.
Solarfun, a vertically integrated Chinese photovoltaics player, is taking steps to boost its module production capacity by nearly 30% this summer.
Solarfun is taking to boost its module production capacity by nearly 30%.
Another Colorado pot grower faces criminal charges after showing authorities marijuana plants he thought were permitted under the state's medical marijuana law.
Another Colorado pot grower faces criminal charges.
A senior Iranian lawmaker said that the world economy was closely tied with the sensitive region of Persian Gulf, Iran's official news agency IRNA reported Wednesday.
The world economy was closely tied with the region of Persian Gulf.
A private memorial service was held Friday night for the late Massachusetts Senator Ted Kennedy, who died earlier this week following a year-long battle with cancer.
A private memorial service was held for the Ted Kennedy, who died.
New bourse for currency derivatives, the United Stock Exchange of India, began operations on Monday and witnessed good volumes in the first hour of trade.
The United Stock Exchange of India, began operations.
Gunfire erupted in the lobby of the storied Waldorf-Astoria Hotel during a brazen robbery attempt Saturday at an adjacent jewelry store, wounding a security guard and sending guests diving for cover.
Gunfire erupted in the lobby of the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel.
At least 43 pastors and church members have been arrested in New York for protesting against a ban on churches from hiring space in public schools to use as places of worship.
At least 43 pastors and church members have been arrested in New York.
Aston Villa secured their place in Europe next season and Hull City remained dangerously close to the relegation zone after John Carew gave the Midlanders a 1-0 Premier League victory last night.
Aston Villa secured their place in Europe.
Jason Kidd retired today from the NBA after 19 seasons, ending one of the greatest careers for a point guard in league history.
Jason Kidd retired from the NBA after 19 seasons.
Bharti Airtel has target of Rs 400, says Jigar Shah, Sr VP \u0026 HOR, Kimeng Sec India.
Bharti Airtel has target of Rs 400.
Ecuadorean plaintiffs plan to file a lawsuit against Chevron in Argentina, their third legal attempt outside the Andean country to enforce a $19 billion ruling against the US oil company for pollution, a source with direct knowledge of the case said.
Ecuadorean plaintiffs plan to file a lawsuit against Chevron in Argentina.
Johnson \u0026 Johnson announced plans to establish four regional innovation centers in major life sciences communities in the world as part of a novel approach to accelerate early innovation and enhance opportunities for collaboration and investment across its global healthcare businesses.
Johnson \u0026 Johnson announced plans to establish four innovation centers.
The Board of Selectmen at Tuesday night's tax classification hearing voted unanimously to continue the town's single tax rate, Principal Assessor Jennifer M. O'Neil said yesterday.
The Board of Selectmen voted to continue the town's single tax rate.
Several nurses last night called in sick in a suspected attempt to register their disappointment over the Government's handling of their reclassification.
Nurses night called in sick.
Actor Aaron Smolinski will be appearing at the Coolwaters Booth this weekend at the San Diego Comic Con which takes place July 22nd - 25th at the San Diego Convention Center.
Aaron Smolinski will be appearing at the San Diego Comic Con.
Dry weather and soaring mercury have caused several forest fires in Himalayan region of Garhwal and hills near Kotdwara.
Dry weather and soaring mercury have caused forest fires.
Chief Minister Jagdish Shettar said the BJP believes in decentralisation of power to cater to the needs of people in every nook and corner of the state.
The BJP believes in decentralisation of power.
Woman charged with Mount Isa murder Updated: 21:25, Monday December 24, 2012 A 29-year-old woman will spend Christmas behind bars, accused of murdering a man at Mt Isa in northwest Queensland.
Woman charged with Mount Isa murder, will spend.
IGEL customers now able to leverage IGEL's support of Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization 3.0 to deploy distributed high-performance, scalable and secure virtual desktop solutions.
Able to leverage IGEL's support of Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization 3.0.
Swiss drugmaker Roche Holding AG said Wednesday that it has decided not to extend its $51.00 per share cash tender offer for US-based genetic diagnostics company Illumina Inc., in view of the apparent re-election of the incumbent directors of Illumina.
Roche Holding AG has decided not to extend its tender offer for Illumina Inc..
MELBOURNE, Australia \u0026 MENLO PARK, Calif. ChemGenex Pharmaceuticals Limited announced today that it has appointed Mr. Thomas DeZao to the position of Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer.
ChemGenex Limited announced it has appointed Mr. Thomas DeZao to the position of Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer.
French business sentiment plunged in October to its lowest level in three years, as company order books in the euro zone's second largest economy grew slimmer and the general outlook deteriorated, the national statistics bureau said Tuesday.
French business sentiment plunged.
A man died after he fell about 100 feet from a rope swing in Day Canyon in Grand County on Sunday evening.
A man died after he fell about 100 feet from a rope swing.
A Janesville man is suing the city after a street sweeper crashed into his garage.
A man is suing after a street sweeper crashed.
Fire engines roll to fight the Lockheed Fire on Thursday morning from Davenport.
Fire engines roll to fight the Lockheed Fire.
Former Obama administration chief of staff Rahm Emanuel has made his bid for the mayor of Chicago official.
Chief of Rahm Emanuel has made his bid for the mayor of Chicago official.
The four striking freight unions would announce their decision on a revised wage offer at a press briefing in Boksburg on Friday, the Professional Transport Workers Union said.
The four freight unions would announce their decision on a offer.
Two housewives and a schoolgirl allegedly committed suicide while a middle-aged woman was hacked to death on Friday and the day before.
Two housewives committed suicide.
Wes Welker is surprised by the strong, hopeful reaction to his return to practice just four months after major knee surgery.
Wes Welker is surprised by the, reaction to his return.
A 13-year-old girl was allegedly raped by a minor in Madiyaon area here, police said on Sunday.
A girl was raped by a minor.
A Chicago lender plans to sell 15 Value Place hotels, including three in the Kansas City area, to settle business debts tied to developer and banker Donald H. Bell Sr.
A lender plans to sell 15 Value Place hotels to settle business debts.
HelloMetro, which operates over 1,500 city websites, announced today that it has chosen Maponics to provide the neighborhood and ZIP Code map data that powers its ability to offer content on a HyperLocal™ level.
HelloMetro has chosen Maponics to provide the neighborhood and ZIP Code data.
Today sees the first train pulls into Mlociny metro station, completing construction of Warsaw's one and only underground railway line 25 years after digging began.
The first train pulls into Mlociny metro station.
HH Sheikha Fatima bin Mubarak, Chairwoman of the General Women's Union and of the Family Development Foundation, has issued a resolution renaming the Comprehensive Centre for Family Protection to the Comprehensive Centre for Protection of Family and Childhood in Abu Dhabi.
HH Sheikha Fatima bin Mubarak has issued a resolution renaming the Comprehensive Centre for Family Protection to the Comprehensive Centre for Protection of Family and Childhood.
The indigenous Arjun tank was on Saturday formally inducted into the 75 Armoured Regiment at a ceremony here, over 37 years after the project was commissioned by the government.
The Arjun tank was inducted into the 75 Armoured Regiment.
An East Bridgewater man is facing drunken driving charges for the second time after crashing his car into a utility pole on Pleasant Street Wednesday afternoon, police said.
An East Bridgewater man is facing drunken driving charges for the second time.
An Oceanside man was arrested Thursday for allegedly setting his ex-wife's garage ablaze, causing a minor explosion at a condominium complex in Vista, authorities said.
An Oceanside man was arrested for setting his ex-wife's garage ablaze.
Many of Thomasville, NC-based Stroupe Mirror Co.'s assets, including machinery and equipment, were sold during a public auction today by order of the US Bankruptcy Court, Middle District of North Carolina.
Stroupe Mirror Co.'s assets were sold during a public auction.
Millions of customers are switching their home and business telephone service from the Public Switched Telephone Network to Voice over Internet Protocol, or VoIP.
Millions of customers are switching their home and business telephone service.
After eight days of nearly uninterrupted tennis, rain disrupted the men's quarterfinals at Wimbledon on Wednesday and slowed five-time champion Roger Federer's bid to extend his grass-court winning streak to 64 matches.
Rain disrupted the men's quarterfinals at Wimbledon.
A Jackson man and former Madison County constable has been charged with two counts of aggravated sexual battery of a minor, according to a news release from the Madison County Sheriff's Department.
A man and former Madison County constable has been charged with two counts of aggravated sexual battery of a minor.
Frankie Edgar will get an immediate chance to become the UFC featherweight champion after it was announced he will fight Jose Aldo at UFC 153.
Frankie Edgar will fight Jose Aldo at UFC 153.
As per report published in the Financial Times, Barclays may defer bonus payments of cent percent of its board members for a period of up to three years.
Barclays may defer bonus payments.
Restless Heart will perform at a benefit concert for the Show Low High School SITE Council at 7 pm Saturday, March 26, at the Show Low School District Auditorium.
Restless Heart will perform at a benefit concert.
Southern Company said today it is increasing its annual dividend rate by 7 cents per share to $1.89 per share.
Southern Company is increasing its dividend rate by 7 cents to $ 1.89.
Cook, a Corsicana businessman and rancher who was first elected in 2002, filed his paperwork for re-election with the Texas Republican Party on Thursday -- the first official day for filing.
Cook filed his paperwork for re-election.
British PM has said Britain must invest in the digital future as it is fundamental to the productivity and innovative capacity of so many other sectors.
Britain must invest in the digital future.
Now Brangelina are suing the British newspaper that started those claims.
Brangelina are suing the newspaper.
Michaela Kirchgasser of Austria won a World Cup slalom on Sunday after pre-race favorites Marlies Schild and Maria Hoefl-Riesch skied out on the first run.
Michaela Kirchgasser won a slalom.
Belgian-French financial services group Dexia was set to announce a capital increase involving key stakeholders and the Belgian state of up to 7 billion euros on Tuesday.
Dexia was set to announce a capital increase.
A Columbia man faces a cocaine possession charge after Dothan Police arrested him over the weekend during a traffic stop.
A Columbia man faces a cocaine possession charge.
Marcus Mumford has said that playing with Bruce Springsteen at Pinkpop festival in Holland this summer was the best day of his life.
Marcus Mumford has said playing with Bruce Springsteen this summer was the best day of his life.
A former Lake County Sheriff's sergeant who was terminated nearly three years ago has filed a tort claim against the county seeking $3.7 million in damages.
A former Lake County Sheriff's sergeant has filed a tort claim against the county seeking $ 3.7 million in damages.
A former Scranton school director pleaded guilty Friday to providing alcohol to minors in Lackawanna County.
A former school director pleaded guilty.
A Stephens County High School baseball pitcher and catcher are under investigation by state high school officials following an incident over the weekend in which an umpire was hit by a pitch.
An umpire was hit by a pitch.
Singapore is bracing itself for its worst ever dengue epidemic with infections this year already exceeding the total for all of 2012, official statistics showed on Friday.
Singapore is bracing for its worst ever dengue epidemic.
US Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton arrived in Pakistan on Sunday for high-level discussions with Pakistani leaders to improve relations with the once terror-prone country, according to online news sources.
Hillary Rodham Clinton arrived in Pakistan.
A GOLD Coast-based sex worker has won an anti-discrimination case against motel owners in a Queensland mining town who refused to rent her a room.
A sex worker has won an anti-discrimination case.
MELBOURNE, Australia BHP Billiton Ltd. will invest almost $10 billion on expanding iron ore and coal mining operations in Australia, the world's biggest miner announced Friday.
MELBOURNE, Australia BHP Billiton Ltd. will invest almost $ 10 billion.
Home prices in Louisville rose by 0.2 percent in May from a year earlier, according to new figures from CoreLogic Inc. Home prices in Louisville rose by 0.2 percent in May, compared with May 2011, and increased by 0.8 percent in April compared with April 2011, according to new figures from Santa Ana, Calif.-based CoreLogic Inc., a provider of business information and analysis.
Home prices in Louisville rose in May.
A Kansas couple that got a fireworks stand as a wedding gift is still hawking sparklers and bottle rockets from it 25 years later.
A Kansas couple that got a fireworks stand as a gift is hawking.
My Chemical Romance are to release previously scrapped album Conventional Weapons.
My Chemical Romance are to release Conventional Weapons.
An Arkansas television anchorwoman found beaten at her home this week has died in a hospital.
An Arkansas anchorwoman has died.
``Gold bugs beware -- the bubble is finally bursting.''
Gold bugs beware.
Parliament was adjourned till noon on Thursday following uproar triggered by members over a host of issues including the India's vote on a UN resolution against Sri Lanka and demand for separate Telangana.
Parliament was adjourned till noon.
An on duty state police trooper from Troop E in Montville was involved in a minor car crash Tuesday morning.
An on state trooper was involved in a crash.
A truck driver has died in a crash east of Holbrook after his vehicle hit a tree earlier this morning.
A truck driver has died in a crash east of Holbrook.
French MP, author of the bill criminalizing the denial of the Armenian Genocide, Valerie Boyer said she will never visit Turkey because of threats she receives, Turkish Milliyet reports.
French MP Valerie Boyer said she will never visit Turkey because of threats.
The last three Pahang state executive councillors were named minutes before the swearing-in ceremony before Sultan Ahmad Shah this morning.
The last three councillors were named.
Concert producer Tom Moffatt has announced that Aerosmith is coming to Hawaii next month for two appearances.
Aerosmith is coming to Hawaii.
Indian federal bond yields unwound early losses on Tuesday as fears of an early rate rise receded after data last week showed easing food price inflation and a central bank deputy governor said growth was uneven.
Indian bond yields unwound early losses.
Clay City picked up a big homecoming win Saturday night.
Clay City picked up a homecoming win.
Swaziland has banned protests planned for next week, Prime Minister Barnabas Dlamini said on Thursday, warning the public not to join anti-government rallies in Africa's last absolute monarchy.
Swaziland has banned protests.
New Hampshire Public Television announced cuts to its programming and staff Wednesday in anticipation of a reduction in state funding.
New Hampshire Public Television announced cuts.
Julianne Moore will play former Alaska governor Sarah Palin in Game Change, an HBO movie about John McCain's unsuccessful presidential campaign.
Julianne Moore will play Sarah Palin.
New home sales fell in June, suffering their largest monthly decline in five years, a private survey of Australia's major residential builders shows.
New home sales fell in June.
The European Union is lifting its economic sanctions on Myanmar in recognition of the Southeast Asian nation's steps toward political reform, officials announced Monday.
The European Union is lifting its sanctions on Myanmar.
A man who had more than 5,000 images of child porn on his computer pleaded guilty to one count of child exploitation Monday.
A man pleaded guilty to one count of child exploitation.
India on Friday introduced tourist visa-on-arrival for five countries, including Japan and New Zealand, to facilitate bonafide foreign tourists who plan their visits at a short notice, the Press Trust of India reported.
India introduced tourist visa - on arrival for five countries.
Republican governor's candidate Kenny Hulshof threatens to veto bills imposing unfunded state mandates on local government.
Kenny Hulshof threatens to veto.
Azerbaijan, Baku, 18 July /Trend News corr R.Novruzov/ Chairman of the European Union calls on international community to make more efforts to solve frozen conflicts.
Azerbaijan calls on international community to make more efforts to solve frozen conflicts.
Thousands of shareholders sue RBS for $6 billion Royal Bank of Scotland shareholders have filed a 4 billion pound lawsuit against the company, claiming they were misled into thinking the bank was healthy just before its collapse.
Thousands of shareholders sue RBS for $ 6 billion.
A federal judge has declined to grant requests by federal officials for more time to update a plan that protects threatened delta smelt and endangered salmon species in the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta, but the judge did give officials the option to provide additional details.
A judge has declined to grant requests for more time to update a plan that protects threatened delta smelt.
NSW Police say a man threw petrol on an elderly woman's face then ransacked several rooms of her home.
A man threw petrol on an elderly woman's face.
When confronted with the obvious ties to International Socialist Organization by the AFL-CIO and unions supporting the protests in Wisconsin, the response has been ``We are not socialists!''
We are not socialists.
MidWestOne Bank is helping Iowa City area students obtain financial aid for college through a unique supplemental loan program called the Iowa Alliance Private Student Loan Program.
MidWestOne Bank is helping area students obtain.
The National Rifle Association is endorsing John McCain for president despite its differences with the Arizona senator on gun-show rules and campaign finance restrictions.
The National Rifle Association is endorsing John McCain.
Suzuki Motor is recalling 430,000 Suzuki and Mazda vans in Japan to fix defective air conditioners.
Suzuki Motor is recalling 430,000 vans in Japan.
Egyptian protesters were gathering in their thousands Tuesday for mass marches in their campaign to oust President Hosni Mubarak, reassured by the army, which has said it will not fire on them.
Egyptian protesters were gathering for mass marches.
Dog tale comedy `Marley and Me` remained at the top of the box office in North America this weekend as there were no new wide releases by major Hollywood studios just after the Christmas holidays.
Marley and Me remained at the top of the box office in North America.
This Saturday night will mark the end of an era, as the All Blacks play their last test at Carisbrook, before games are shifted to the Forsyth Barr Stadium from next year onwards.
This Saturday night will mark the end of an era, as the All Blacks play.
US provider of physical and online access services TranZfinity has appointed Bud Waller to its board of directors.
TranZfinity has appointed Bud Waller to its board of directors.
THEO Walcott could be fit to face Manchester United on Saturday despite fears that he could have seriously damaged his shoulder in the side's defeat to Stoke at the weekend.
THEO Walcott could be fit to face Manchester United.
Luis Rodriguez will be back at second Friday night as the Padres and Washington Nationals open a three-game series at Nationals Park.
Luis Rodriguez will be back at second.
RR Donnelley will close two plants eliminating a total of 492 jobs.
RR Donnelley will close two plants.
AC Milan is counting on a swift return to the top level of European football, now that Ronaldinho has joined Kaka and Alexandre Pato in an all-Brazilian attack that any club would envy.
Ronaldinho has joined Kaka and Alexandre Pato in an all-Brazilian attack.
The sexual assault retrial of Jeffrey Lorne Brown of Tisdale continues this week, as the jury is brought back this afternoon.
The sexual assault retrial continues this week.
Manchester United forward Bebe has joined Turkish side Besiktas on a season-long loan, the Barclays Premier League champions have confirmed.
Bebe has joined Besiktas.
The first woman to lead the Massachusetts State Police plans to retire next month.
The first woman to lead the Massachusetts State Police plans to retire.
President Arroyo is ready to make history in Philippine politics by becoming the first Filipino to become a speaker after serving as head of state.
Arroyo is ready to make history in politics.
Former Ohio judges shouldn't still be using the title of judge.
Former judges shouldn't be using the title.
Shanghai said it overtook Singapore for the first time in 2010 to become the world's busiest container port, as the global economic recovery boosted cargo traffic through China's business centre.
Shanghai overtook to become the world's busiest port.
City of Socorro police officers could be getting a $5 pay raise this year in the hopes to recruit and retain more officers.
City of Socorro police officers could be getting a $ 5 raise.
GOLDCORP INC. is pleased to declare its eleventh monthly dividend payment for 2009 of $0.015 per share.
GOLDCORP INC. is pleased to declare its eleventh monthly dividend payment for 2009.
Tombs sit washed atop a levee by flood waters after a levee breach in Braithwaite, Louisiana August 31, 2012.
Tombs sit washed atop a levee after a levee breach in Braithwaite.
A former Cincinnati Police Officer has been sentenced on charges of abduction, intimidation and extortion.
A former Cincinnati Police Officer has been sentenced.
Celebrity West Bromwich Albion fan Goran Ivanisevic made a frantic dash through London to see his first-ever Baggies game.
West Bromwich Albion Goran Ivanisevic made a dash to see.
Elephants quickly learned to co-operate to solve a problem, researchers report in Monday's edition of Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Elephants quickly learned to co-operate.
An Obscure book, New Strong's Exhaustive Concordance, unlocks the meanings and mysteries in the Bible.
An Obscure book unlocks the meanings and mysteries in the Bible.
Rep. Rick Renzi pleaded not guilty Tuesday to 35 federal charges, including extortion, conspiracy, money laundering and wire fraud.
Rick Renzi pleaded not guilty.
His Highness the Aga Khan, Imam of the Shia Imami Ismaili Muslims, founder and Chairman of the Aga Khan Development Network arrives in Kyrgyzstan from Tajikistan.
His Highness the Aga Khan arrives in Kyrgyzstan.
Iraqi President Jalal Talabani addressed a delegation of Arab leaders on the final day of a summit in Erbil, calling for increased foreign investment.
Jalal Talabani addressed, calling for foreign investment.
Late comedian Sam Kinison fathered a lovechild, according to DNA tests obtained by a friend who has been paying child support for the girl for years.
Sam Kinison fathered a lovechild.
A COMPONENTS maker supplying the excavator market has moved back into growth after seeing its sales plunge by more than £30m as a result of the global economic downturn.Berco UK, based in Spennymoor, is now hopeful of recovering from effects of crisis in the construction market, which resulted in its annual sales dropping from £38.2m to £7.7m in the year to September 30, 2009.The firm, which also went from a profit of £1.1m to a loss of £1.1m during the same year, said it had seen an upturn in the market and has managed to get its sales back up to £15.3m in the year ending September 2010.The firm, which is part of Italian firm Berco SpA - which is in turn part of the ThyssenKrupp Group, has invested more than £75,000 in a second assembly line, which became operational earlier this year and has since increased production by 400%.
A COMPONENTS maker has moved back into growth.
A real estate agent was sentenced to three-and-a-half years in prison on Friday for mortgage fraud.
A real estate agent was sentenced for mortgage fraud.
Insurance broker Arthur J. Gallagher \u0026 Co. has acquired Human Resource Management Systems LLC in Naperville, Ill. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
Arthur J. Gallagher \u0026 Co. has acquired Human Resource Management Systems LLC.
BARCELONA, Spain -Athletic Bilbao beat Sevilla 2-1 on Sunday to extend its unbeaten run to eight games in the Spanish league and move into the European positions for the first time this season.
Spain Athletic Bilbao beat Sevilla 2 1.
The IC3, or Internet Crime Complaint Center recently issued their March scam alerts and among them was a romance scam declaring a connection with the IC3.
The IC3, or Internet Crime Complaint Center issued their alerts and was a romance scam.
AP-IAAbused Pigs,0119 Company: 6 charged with abuse no longer employed Eds:
0119 Company : 6 charged with abuse no longer employed Eds.
CHINA on Thursday confirmed the release on bail of outspoken artist-activist Ai Weiwei, but said he was still under investigation and could not leave his home 'without permission'.
Ai Weiwei was and could not leave his home without permission.
The mobile phone is the key technology of choice for the poor, having the widest reach and thus being able to penetrate the rural areas and the underprivileged, where no other basic utility does.
The mobile phone is the key technology of choice for the poor.
European shares were flat on Monday following sharp losses in the previous session, while miner ENRC jumped after a newspaper report of takeover interest.
European shares were flat, while ENRC jumped.
South African bonds look set to test slightly stronger levels in the 8.20s as some big investors look for cover due to the lack of supply next week.
Bonds look set to test stronger levels.
A record 4mn Muslims gathered for prayers yesterday on the banks of a river in Bangladesh at the climax of the largest annual Islamic event after the hajj, police said.
A 4mn Muslims gathered for prayers.
Marshfield residents are being asked to lock their car doors, after police say a teen tried to steal a car.
Marshfield residents are being asked to lock their car doors.
A cab driver has died after his taxi hit a tree this morning.
A cab driver has died after his taxi hit a tree.
``Our relations with Pakistan, with other countries are guided by our national interests and Pakistan's national interests.
Our relations with Pakistan, are guided by our national interests.
Tesco, Britain's biggest retailer, said it had not altered its UK sales forecasts but that it was concerned about the ``depth and longevity'' of an economic slowdown in its domestic market.
Tesco had not altered its sales forecasts.
After months of rumors, and denials from the company, Blockbuster has finally filed for bankruptcy.
Blockbuster has finally filed for bankruptcy.
Russia suspended all adoptions to US families on Thursday until the two countries can agree on procedures, the Foreign Ministry said, a week after an American woman sent her 7-year-old adopted son back to Russia on a plane by himself.
Russia suspended all adoptions to US families.
Academy award winner Resul Pookutty wanted to win a Nobel for India in physics, but ended up winning the coveted Oscar instead.
Resul Pookutty wanted to win a Nobel in physics.
DC United forward Jaime Moreno, the MLS' all-time leading scorer, underwent knee surgery and is expected to be ready for next season.
DC United Jaime Moreno underwent knee surgery.
Cargotec has decided to donate 600 000 euros to Tampere University of Technology, which conducts forward-looking research and provides education in areas that are important to Cargotec.
Cargotec has decided to donate 600 000 euros to Tampere University of Technology.
Seven Pleasanton schools have been honored by a California business group for outstanding academic achievement.
Seven Pleasanton schools have been honored.
Eyepartner is sponsoring a Dance 4 Charity event at the University of Rochester in Rochester, NY, to benefit the Ronald McDonald House.
Eyepartner is sponsoring a Dance 4 Charity event to benefit the Ronald McDonald House.
AppleInsider reports that Apple is preparing to introduce cheaper Macs as soon as this spring.
Apple is preparing to introduce cheaper Macs.
Lucknow, Jan 22 Veteran socialist leader and Samajwadi Party Rajya Sabha member Janeshwar Mishra died of heart attack today in Allahabad.
Janeshwar Mishra died.
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard was charged with assault and affray by police early on Tuesday over an alleged brawl outside a bar that left a disk jockey hospitalised with facial injuries.
Steven Gerrard was charged with assault.
Software giant Oracle today said it had acquired Tekelec, a company that makes software to manage traffic on mobile networks.
Oracle had acquired Tekelec, a company.
Authorities say a 27-year-old Vancouver, Wash., man has died while parachuting near Snohomish, Wash.
A Vancouver, Wash., man has died while parachuting.
WASHINGTON - President Barack Obama has hailed Senate passage of an historic health care bill, saying the government is now ``finally poised to deliver on the promise'' of overhauling a troubled system.
Barack Obama has hailed Senate passage of an health care bill.
The Comedy Store, a comedy club from UK, has tied up with Indian comedian Vir Das to host experimental comedy nights from this week at its newly acquired premises in central Mumbai.
The Comedy Store has tied up with Vir Das.
ABS-CBN Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Eugenio ``Gabby'' Lopez III celebrated his 60th birthday with the company's employees on Tuesday.
Chairman Gabby Lopez celebrated his 60th birthday.
Coach Sir Alex Ferguson thinks Manchester United can become the first team to retain the Champions League trophy.
Manchester United can become the first team to retain the Champions League trophy.
POSCO announced that it has developed a new kind of steel for electric cars that is much lighter than the product currently in use in the market.
POSCO has developed a new kind of steel for electric cars.
Pyxis Mobile, a provider of mobile application platforms, has appointed Steven Levy as new CEO.
Pyxis Mobile has appointed as new CEO.
Berlin - Former cycling world champion Igor Astarloa has been banned for two years over suspicious results in connection with his biological passport, the ruling body UCI said on Wednesday.
Igor Astarloa has been banned for two years.
Luxury furniture retailer Smallbone has issued a profit warning, saying that it expects figures to be ``materially below'' current market expectations.
Smallbone has issued a profit warning.
CAR manufacturer Toyota has confirmed that it is considering cutting its working week or laying off staff at its Burnaston plant as it continues to battle the slump in new car sales.
Toyota has confirmed it is considering cutting or laying off staff.
Exxaro Resources will sell its zinc assets following a review of its existing business, commodity portfolio and growth pipeline.
Exxaro Resources will sell its zinc assets following a review.
``According to information of the World Bank, by results of 2011, Ukraine ranked the first in the world by the number of taxes.
Ukraine ranked the first in the world by the number of taxes.
After lying low for the last couple of years, actor Murali is now back.
Murali is back.
The Senate Finance Committee passed its version of health care legislation without a public option Tuesday.
The Senate Finance Committee passed its version of health care legislation.
Oil slid more than 3% to below $71 per barrel Friday as a stronger dollar and data showing additional US job cuts as investors fled from risky assets like commodities.
Oil slid to below $ 71 per barrel.
Amanda Bynes is set to star in the ABC pilot ``Canned.''
Amanda Bynes is set to star in the pilot Canned.
Pakistan has released 101 Indian prisoners, mostly fishermen, as a goodwill gesture as the crucial meeting between the Home Secretaries of the countries got under way on Tuesday.
Pakistan has released 101 Indian prisoners.
U3O8 Corp., a Canadian-based company focused on exploration and resource expansion of uranium and associated commodities in South America, has closed a first tranche of its previously announced non-brokered private placement.
U3O8 Corp., focused, has closed a first tranche of its private placement.
Pakistan and Maldives Thursday agreed to set up 'Friendship caucus' comprising members of Parliament of both the countries to build cooperation in foreign and internal affairs, economy and industry, science and technology, socio-cultural and security related issues.
Pakistan and Maldives Thursday agreed to set up Friendship caucus.
Ulster have made three changes to their starting XV for Friday's RaboDirect PRO12 game against Dragons at Rodney Parade.
Ulster have made three changes.
Sen. Barack Obama will propose a $5 billion trust fund for Great Lakes cleanup and restoration if elected president, his campaign said Tuesday.
Barack Obama will propose a $ 5 billion trust fund for Great Lakes cleanup.
Texas A\u0026M's Mark Turgeon has been named Big 12 Coach of the Year for the second consecutive season by The Dallas Morning News.
Texas A\u0026M's Mark Turgeon has been named Big 12 Coach of the Year by The Dallas Morning News.
Giorgio Mammoliti is officially endorsing Rob Ford for Mayor of Toronto.
Giorgio Mammoliti is endorsing Rob Ford.
A publicist said actor Josh Hartnett was released from a Los Angeles hospital after recovering from gastrointestinal problems.
Josh Hartnett was released from a hospital.
Audioboo, the platform that lets users record and share short sound files, has hired a former BBC radio expert.
Audioboo has hired a BBC expert.
An excessively strong exchange rate is a cause for concern, SA Reserve Bank governor Gill Marcus said on Thursday.
An strong exchange rate is a cause for concern.
A CONVICTED drug dealer had their car crushed into an unrecognisable box of compacted metal after being found guilty of supplying class B drugs.
A drug dealer had their car crushed.
A man and a woman died at the Rothbury music festival in Oceana County.
A man died at the Rothbury festival.
A man attacked his wife with a scythe, suspecting her of extra-marital affair in Anida village of Gondal taluka on Friday.
A man attacked his wife with a scythe.
Sixty pet oxygen masks were donated to the Boston Fire Department today by WellPet, a natural pet food company, and the Massachusetts Veterinary Medical Association Charities.
Pet oxygen masks were donated to the Boston Fire Department.
Mortgage financier Freddie Mac took a step toward issuing common stock to help bolster its balance sheet today when it completed a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Freddie Mac took a step toward issuing stock.
Sandvine, a leading provider of intelligent broadband network solutions for fixed and mobile operators, announced that it has won 12 new broadband service provider customers, spanning all geographic regions and access technologies.
Sandvine has won 12 new customers.
Florida lawmakers are taking their first votes this year on a new state budget.
Florida lawmakers are taking on a state budget.
A new national campaign aimed at improving the perceptions about public housing has been launched and features a Milwaukee resident as an example of someone who is succeeding.
A campaign aimed at improving the perceptions about public housing has been launched.
TURKISH media, including CNN Turkey is strongly linking Nigerian skipper Joseph Yobo, who spent the last two seasons on loan at Fenerbahce, with a summer move to Championship side Leicester City.
Joseph Yobo spent, with a move to Leicester City.
Command Security Corporation announced today its financial and operating results for the three months and the fiscal year ended March 31, 2011.
Command Security Corporation announced its financial results and the fiscal year ended March 31, 2011.
Extremists have kidnapped 12 persons from the Landi Kotal area of Khyber Agency Friday, Geo News reported.
Extremists have kidnapped 12 persons from the area of Khyber Agency.
Earnings season kicks off today and I'll really be interested to see how things start shaking out.
Earnings season kicks off today.
Criminal charges were filed today in Sedgwick County District Court in two recent Wichita homicides.
Criminal charges were filed in two Wichita homicides.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan 30 Cuban president Raul Castro met on Thursday afternoon with his Russian counterpart Dmitri Medvedev at the latter's presidential residence in the wooded area of Zadidovo in the outskirts of Moscow.
HAVANA Raul Castro met with his Russian counterpart Dmitri Medvedev.
A MAN who broke into an Ipswich soccer club to steal alcohol has been given probation.
A MAN broke into an soccer club.
Dominique Pegg , of the Bluewater Gymnastics Club, won a bronze medal at a gymnastics World Cup event, Sunday, in Germany.
Dominique Pegg won a bronze medal.
The first annual Night of the 9 Muses fundraising gala is sure to be an evening of inspiration and giving as Torontonians gather at the sophisticated Local Company on June 15, 2011.
The Night of the 9 Muses fundraising gala is.
Crews today are continuing to clean areas affected by Friday's oil spill into the San Francisco Bay, though for the second day no oil sheen is visible on the water, a US Coast Guard petty officer said this morning.
Crews today are continuing to clean areas affected by Friday's oil spill.
No one was injured when an ambulance and a semi truck collided at around 1 pm Tuesday in Billings.
An ambulance and a semi truck collided in Billings.
Tigres went four points clear at the top of the Mexican Clausura standings with a 2-1 win at 10-man San Luis.
Tigres went four points clear at the top.
Israeli police say shots have been fired at the Turkish Embassy in Tel Aviv, and one person was wounded.
Shots have been fired at the Turkish Embassy in Tel Aviv.
Residents of Pudhur near Vellore locked up a new TASMAC outlet and protested against the the opening of another outlet in a residential area on Wednesday.
Residents locked up a TASMAC outlet.
Widnes' Australian prop forward Ben Cross has confirmed that he will retire at the end of the season.
Ben Cross will retire at the end of the season.
NEC Corporation announced that it will accelerate its service platform solutions business for push-type content delivery to enhance mobile phone services.
NEC Corporation will accelerate its service platform solutions business.
``I'm proud of the work that we've done in the education reform arena,'' he said, ``and it's a good first step. As we go to implement it, there may be some changes that need to be made, and that's part of the process. I look forward to working with educators over the interim to address those issues.''
I 'm proud of the work we 've done.
The CBI has seized 11 cars belonging to BCCI chief N Srinivasan for alleged evasion of duty in Chennai, news channel CNN-IBN reported.
The CBI has seized 11 cars belonging to BCCI chief N Srinivasan.
Rio Tinto Alcan announced plans Tuesday to spend more than US$1 billion in Canada to propel construction of two key projects in Saguenay, Que.
Rio Tinto Alcan announced to spend more than $ 1 billion in Canada.
Microsoft has announced that they've renewed the trademark to beloved '90s fighting game series Killer Instinct.
Microsoft 've renewed the trademark to 90s fighting Killer Instinct.
Former Pakistan skipper Wasim Akram said that other teams seems to have caught up with dethroned champions India and mighty Australia in the on-going World Twenty20 tournament.
Teams seems to have caught up with India.
The February 18 elections for the National Assembly and provincial legislatures in Pakistan would cost the national exchequer a record Rs. 200 billion, according to projections by a team of journalists.
The elections would cost a Rs. 200 billion.
German exports slipped more than expected in April despite their highest monthly value on record in May.
German exports slipped in April.
He has completed nearly three decades in the film industry and has over 250 movies to his credit, but Malayalam superstar Mohanlal, who is now working in a Japanese venture, says he prefers being a director's actor to interfering in other people's work.
Mohanlal prefers being a director's actor.
With a cease-fire appearing to halt most fighting, a rebel leader said on Thursday he wanted direct talks with the Congo government.
A rebel leader said he wanted direct talks with the government.
Canadian banks are heading back to the Canadian debt markets in a big way, looking to get their fundraising in a nice window of market demand.
Banks are heading back to the debt markets.
New Zealand's World Cup-winning coach Graham Henry will lead the Barbarians against Australia at Twickenham next month.
Graham Henry will lead the Barbarians against Australia.
They are holding a prescription drug take back event at the Poughkeepsie Galleria Mall next Saturday, April 27th.
They are holding a prescription drug take event.
One youth lawmaker is using Island Leadership Day to address the graffiti problem plaguing our island.
One youth lawmaker is using to address the graffiti problem.
THE IRISH economy remained weak in the first quarter of 2011, according to figures released yesterday by the Central Statistics Office.
THE IRISH economy remained weak in the first quarter.
Bosnia's war crimes court has acquitted a former Bosnian Serb prime minister and two other suspects of crimes against humanity committed during the 1992-95 war.
Bosnia's war crimes court has acquitted a former Bosnian Serb prime minister.
The March LifeCare campus, heralded as America's Health and Wellness city, broke ground on Wednesday, June 2, as over 150 local dignitaries and community members watched.
The March LifeCare campus broke ground.
CENTRAL Coast Mariners goalkeeper Mathew Ryan is expected to join Scottish side Rangers on trial early next week after injury delayed his arrival in Glasgow.
CENTRAL Coast Mariners goalkeeper Mathew Ryan is expected to join Scottish side Rangers on trial.
Baltimore Orioles crush Minnesota Twins 4-2 at the Oriole Park at Camden Yards in Baltimore, Maryland on Friday, April 6 in their regular season encounter of the 2012 Major League Baseball.
Baltimore Orioles crush Minnesota Twins 4 2.
Iran's foreign minister on Saturday said that Iran is producing centrifuges and their parts and it is not a secret thing, the semi-official ISNA news agency reported.
Iran is producing centrifuges and their parts and it is not a secret thing.
Main Aim is primed for a repeat victory in the Timeform Jury Stakes at Haydock Park today.
Main Aim is primed for a victory at Haydock Park.
OAKLAND, Calif. Athletics pitcher Bartolo Colon has left his start against the San Diego Padres with an apparent injury.
OAKLAND, pitcher Bartolo Colon has left with an apparent injury.
AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company, a leading US life insurer with a 150-year history, has introduced Athena Indexed Universal Life, a new permanent life insurance policy with enhanced cash-value accumulation potential and downside protection.
AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company has introduced Athena Indexed Universal Life.
A former Billings minister was arrested this morning in Oregon on a charge that he killed his wife in 1990 during a hunting trip near Red Lodge.
A former Billings minister was arrested on a charge he killed his wife in 1990.
This large-scale storm we are seeing is causing death and destruction across much of the nation.
This storm is causing death.
Ginners remained under pressure on Saturday, but the cotton spot rate remained unchanged at Rs5,200 per maund, said a dealer.
Ginners remained under pressure.
The share market closed higher for a fifth day, the longest winning streak in four months, aided by a rebound in BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto.
The market closed higher.
Gaga unable to walk, and this time it has nothing to do with her towering high-heeled shoes.
Gaga unable to walk.
The Dutch Parliament this week passed a net neutrality law, making it the first European country to prohibit Internet service providers from slowing down any kind of web traffic.
The Dutch Parliament this week passed a net neutrality law.
Nick Johnson is returning to the Yankees, a move that likely will end Johnny Damon's time in New York after four seasons.
Nick Johnson is returning to the Yankees.
There will be no re-vote, he said Tuesday, in televised remarks.
There will be no re-vote, he said.
Psychological stress and anxiety can make seasonal allergy attacks worse and can cause them to linger longer, according to research presented this month at the annual meeting of the American Psychological Association in Boston.
Stress can make allergy attacks worse.
Friesan Fire will run in Saturday's Preakness Stakes after the colt finished next-to-last as the wagering favorite in the Kentucky Derby.
Friesan Fire will run in Saturday's Preakness Stakes.
Six gray seals have been found shot to death on various Cape Cod beaches from Dennis to Chatham over the past six weeks.
Six seals have been found shot on Cape Cod beaches.
China overtook the United States as the largest auto market in the world in January, according to data published by Chinese state media on Tuesday.
China overtook as the largest auto market.
A 17-year-old girl found dead on a beach in Merseyside has been named by police.
A girl found dead on a beach has been named.
Manny Pacquiao will face Shane Mosley in Las Vegas on May 7th after a long period of deliberation over who Pacquiao's next opponent would be.
Manny Pacquiao will face Shane Mosley in Las Vegas.
After suffering a heart attack on March 14, comedian Gallagher has been released from a Texas hospital.
Comedian Gallagher has been released from a hospital.
The Coast Guard has suspended it's search for a kayaker who apparently left his kayer, with clothing and food aboard, washed up in an area of Camp Discovery Road on east side of Dabob Bay near Seabeck.
The Coast Guard has suspended it's search for a kayaker.
On C-SPAN 3/17/10, Rep. Dennis Kucinich announces his intent to vote for the health care legislation.
Rep. Dennis Kucinich announces his intent to vote for the health care legislation.
The demands of the aided school teachers have finally been accepted by the Punjab government.
The demands of the aided school teachers have been accepted.
Stock futures were trading in a narrow range Friday pointing to a mixed opening on Wall Street as investors weigh recent signs of economic recovery and potential concern about inflation.
Stock futures were trading in a narrow range.
ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. today announced it has established a strategic partnership with Innovation Works Development Fund, LP and its China parallel fund .
ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. has established a strategic partnership with Innovation Works Development Fund.
The Andersons, Inc. announced it has signed a definitive purchase agreement to acquire the fertilizer division of Hartung Brothers, Inc. as an addition to its plant nutrient group.
Andersons Inc. has signed a agreement to acquire the fertilizer division.
THE six-member committee constituted by Chief Minister Punjab Mian Mohammad Shahbaz Sharif on minimum wages met on Saturday at the Lahore Chamber of Commerce \u0026 Industry.
THE committee constituted on minimum wages met.
The Nationals just announced they have signed right-hander Julian Tavarez to a non-guaranteed minor-league deal with an invitation to major-league camp.
The Nationals have signed Julian Tavarez.
Turkey is to expel the Israeli ambassador after details emerged of a UN report into last year's deadly raid on a Gaza-bound flotilla.
Turkey is to expel the Israeli ambassador.
The grant will fund one-on-one foreclosure intervention counseling for residents at risk of foreclosure because they are coming close to missing their mortgage payments or already in the process of being foreclosed.
The grant will fund foreclosure intervention counseling.
Hollywood actress Halle Berry says she loves Mother's Day as she doesn't have to plan anything.
Halle Berry loves Mother's Day.
Aliquippa defeated Beaver Falls by a score of 66-7 at Aliquippa's Carl Aschman Stadium on Thursday, October 18, 2012.
Aliquippa defeated Beaver Falls by a score of 66 7.
The latest operation to tap this market is fractional jet provider NetJets, which plans to launch operations in India shortly... and it doesn't plan to stop there.
NetJets plans to launch operations in India.
Berrick Barnes re-signed with the Waratahs for another year.
Berrick Barnes re-signed with the Waratahs.
A 30-year-old Tarkio man pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter and armed criminal action Wednesday morning in the stabbing death of a Nodaway County man last year.
A Tarkio man pleaded guilty to manslaughter.
Medtronic Inc said it is recalling 6,300 implantable heart devices because the batteries in the devices drain sooner than normal.
Medtronic Inc is recalling 6,300 heart devices.
A Midlands teacher is accused of criminal sexual conduct of an underage girl who was competing in the Special Olympics.
A teacher is accused of criminal sexual conduct of an underage girl.
Facebook has launched legal action against uSocial - an Australian marketing firm that sells 'fans' and 'friends' on the social network.
Facebook has launched legal action against uSocial.
A few days after Honda announced pricing for its new Insight hybrid in the United States, making it the first sub-$20,000 hybrid on the market, a report has come out of Japan that Toyota has plans for a cheap hybrid of its own.
Toyota has plans for a cheap hybrid.
Jaguar Land Rover has postponed its plans to build a new plant in Brazil due to the recent changes in tax rules for foreign companies.
Jaguar Land Rover has postponed its plans to build a plant in Brazil.
Earlier this evening Cnet reported that one of their ``observers'' is reporting that a hacker group is planning another attack on Sony for this weekend.
A hacker group is planning another attack on Sony.
Indonesia will execute the Bali bombers on death row in early November, the spokesman of the Indonesian Attorney General's Office said on Friday.
Indonesia will execute the Bali bombers in early November.
A REDDITCH father is still missing after nearly two weeks despite attempts made by police to find him.
A father is still missing after nearly two weeks.
A Rockingham County grand jury indicted a city dentist Monday on six charges stemming from an alleged prescription drug fraud case.
A grand jury indicted a city dentist.
A 29-year-old man was fatally shot early Monday a few blocks south of Druid Hill Park, according to Baltimore police.
A man was fatally shot south of Druid Hill Park.
Americas Best Value Inn ® expanded its partnership with trucker-friendly website Hotels4Truckers.com today, announcing that all of its 1,000-plus locations in the US will now be listed on the site.
Americas Best Value Inn ® expanded its partnership with website Hotels4Truckers.com.
Ormco has rebranded the Damon System as Damon Smile in an effort to enhance consumer appeal and aid in increasing patient starts.
Ormco has rebranded the Damon System.
Aleris declared that it has inked 5 year deal with Airbus at the Paris Air Show to supply a wide range of aluminum alloy sheets and plates for Airbus' worldwide programs.
Aleris declared it has inked deal with Airbus to supply a range of aluminum alloy sheets and plates.
Showtime has officially cancelled its hit pot dramedy Weeds, starring Mary-Louise Parker.
Showtime has officially cancelled its Weeds.
A HOLIDAYMAKER was slashed across the face with a knife after a pub row in Llandudno.
A HOLIDAYMAKER was slashed after a pub row in Llandudno.
Wipro Technologies, the global IT services division of Wipro Limited today announced its agenda for Oracle OpenWorld 2010, the world's largest and most important conference for Oracle technologists, business users, and partners.
Wipro Technologies, today announced its agenda for Oracle OpenWorld 2010.
An El Al flight en route from Tel Aviv to New York made an emergency landing in Ireland after passengers said they had smelled something burning.
An El Al flight made an emergency landing in Ireland.
Almost 400 people in 100 cars took part in a 60-kilometre eco-theme car rally organised by Chevrolet Phuket on Sunday, which took them from Saphan Hin to Phuket Aquarium.
Almost 400 people took part in a eco-theme car rally.
Bodog officially exited the USA market this week, ending a run of over a decade as one of the most prominent gambling brand names in the United States.
Bodog exited the USA market.
A western South Dakota police officer who was killed in a shootout with a man during a routine stop Tuesday is from Midland.
A South Dakota police officer who was killed is from Midland.
Ambulance NB says they've changed official procedure after it took paramedics 56 minutes last week to respond to an emergency call in the Fredericton Junction area.
Ambulance NB 've changed procedure.
Former Oakland Raiders coach Bill Callahan denied allegations made by two of his former players that he ``sabotaged'' the Raiders in their Super Bowl loss to Tampa Bay 10 years ago, saying that he tried to win the game and that suggestions to the contrary were ``ludicrous and defamatory.''
Bill Callahan denied allegations.
An Oshawa man is in custody and facing nine charges after a domestic assault in Cobourg.
An Oshawa man is in custody and facing nine charges after a assault in Cobourg.
Caroline Maguire admits she can't help but look at other people's children and wonder what her own baby would have looked like now - had she survived.
What her baby would have looked.
Kannada actress Ramya has reportedly been dropped from Srinagar Kitty starrer movie Sanju Weds Geetha after she insulted co-artistes on the sets of the movie Just Maath Maathalli.
Ramya has been dropped from Sanju Weds Geetha.
Sam's Club says it plans to offer free vision screenings on August 13, in all its locations that include pharmacies or optical centers.
Sam's Club plans to offer free vision screenings.
Europe needs stronger economic policy coordination and the idea that countries can share a common currency but act independently of one another is ``false'', the International Monetary Fund chief told a German daily.
Europe needs stronger coordination is.
The Foreign Secretary William Hague today arrived in Mali for talks with military commanders and local politicians, just weeks after a French force routed Islamist rebels from strongholds in the north of the country.
The William Hague today arrived in Mali for talks.
Gwen Stefani ``really, really'' wanted a third child.
Gwen Stefani, wanted a third child.
Rodney King, whose police brutality case in 1991 led to deadly riots in Los Angeles, was found dead in a swimming pool today in Rialto, California, police told CNN.
Rodney King was found dead in a swimming pool in Rialto, California.
April is National Poetry Month, and this year even Oprah is getting into the act with a photo-spread of ``rising poets'' decked out in designer togs in her magazine.
April is National Poetry Month.
Armenian and Azerbaijani delegations to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe met in Strasbourg on the initiative of PACE President Mevlut Cavusoglu.
Armenian and Azerbaijani delegations met in Strasbourg.
Liberals are standing down from an election standoff with the Harper government, insisting they want to compromise over measures to stimulate Canada's sputtering economy.
Liberals are standing down from an election standoff.
Just like Argentina did in 2010, Uruguay will take a step forward in the recognition of minorities' rights when the Senate of that country addresses the gay marriage bill on April 2nd.
Uruguay will take the Senate addresses the gay marriage bill.
Oil declined as manufacturing shrank in China and the euro area, bolstering concern that fuel consumption will diminish, Bloomberg reported.
Oil declined as manufacturing shrank in China Bloomberg reported.
An 18-year-old Cliffside Park man died after he accidentally shot himself in the head in front of two friends while playing with a revolver in his father's Ridgefield office, police said.
An Cliffside Park man died after he accidentally shot.
An Otero County Sheriff's deputy shot a man in Chaparral, New Mexico, New Mexico state police confirm.
An Otero County Sheriff's deputy shot a man in Chaparral.
Indian captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni feels that they need to be more disciplined in all three departments to win the series-decider against South Africa starting at the Newlands, on Sunday.
They need to be more disciplined.
Major winner Adam Scott will defend his Australian Masters title this year, attempting to join boyhood idol Greg Norman as the only player to win it back-to-back, organisers said on Tuesday.
Adam Scott will defend his Australian Masters title.
Higher prices and increasing sales of pork and prepared foods helped Tyson Foods Inc. return to a profit in its fourth quarter.
Higher prices helped Tyson Foods Inc. return to a profit.
A woman died of gunshot wounds in northeast Houston Monday morning after running to a neighbor's house for help.
A woman died of gunshot wounds after running to a neighbor's house for help.
Rayshawn Goins scored 13 of his 16 points in the second half as James Madison held off Old Dominion 58-55 Wednesday night in the Dukes' Colonial Athletic Association opener.
Rayshawn Goins scored as James Madison held off Old Dominion 58 55.
Ben Ali, the founder of famed DC landmark Ben's Chili Bowl, has died at the age of 82.
Ben Ali, the founder of Ben's Chili Bowl, has died.
China is remaining a net moly importer for the second month in a row as imports of molybdenum concentrate and molybdic oxide remained terrifically high in April.
China is remaining a net moly importer remained in April.
The number of the Azerbaijani students has increased in US colleges and universities, Public Relations Officer of the US Embassy in Azerbaijan Terry Davidson said at a news conference.
The number of the Azerbaijani students has increased in US colleges and universities.
Five people were killed and 19 others injured when a three-storey departmental store collapsed in Satellite Town Market here on Friday.
Five people were killed and 19 others injured a store collapsed.
Sweden captain Freddie Ljungberg has quit international football to focus on playing for his club side West Ham.
Freddie Ljungberg has quit international football.
Jose Mourinho will return to Chelsea with Internazionale in the last 16 of the Champions League, while David Beckham also has the chance of a reunion with Manchester United after last season's beaten finalists were drawn against AC Milan.
Jose Mourinho will return to Chelsea.
Iranian police fired tear gas and beat anti-government protesters with batons to disperse thousands at a graveside memorial Thursday for victims of post-election violence, witnesses and state television said.
Iranian police fired tear gas and beat protesters with batons to disperse at a graveside memorial, said.
Iceland says it will provide US$2 million a year over the next three years to help other island nations develop sustainable natural resources and combat the effects of climate change.
Iceland will provide $ million to help island nations develop.
Justin Bieber vomited his way through a concert in the Philippines last night, after taking to the stage feeling ill.
Justin Bieber vomited his way through a concert.
Three Vietnamese sailors and their colleagues aboard the Taiwan-flagged ship Tai Yuan 227 have been released by Somali pirates and are now on their way home.
Three Vietnamese sailors have been released.
LONDON -Angry shareholders have urged Rio Tinto PLC to stop hoarding its cash, labeling a proposed $5 billion share buyback ``pathetic,'' The Sunday Times reports.
Shareholders have urged Rio Tinto PLC, labeling a buyback pathetic.
ADELAIDE forward Kurt Tippett will be named in the Crows team to take on Brisbane this weekend but is still to come through final concussion testing before being cleared to play.
ADELAIDE Kurt Tippett will be named.
The US Marshal's Task Force is looking for Burton, who is wanted on a parole violation for failure to register as a sex offender after being convicted of aggravated criminal sexual assault with a victim younger than 13.
Burton is wanted on a parole violation.
The housing market held up well in April with 24% more residential mortgage valuations conducted than a year ago.
The housing market held up well in April.
The festival spilled over onto the streets last night as hundreds of fans swarmed the environs of Sassafraz Cafe in Yorkville.
The festival spilled onto the streets.
Annual inflation rate sped past expectations to 3.1 percent in June from 2.2 percent in May after the biggest yearly surge in gasoline prices since Hurricane Katrina, Statistics Canada said on Wednesday.
Inflation rate sped to 3.1 percent in June.
USA Sevens international rugby tournament broke all previous attendance records in its third year at Sam Boyd Stadium.
USA Sevens rugby tournament broke all attendance records.
James Gandolfini hopes to shed his Tony Soprano persona, just as Alan Alda was able to gradually distance himself from ``MASH.''
James Gandolfini hopes, Alan Alda was.
A study of the Univ. of Navarre makes sure that the feminine humor is more intelligent.
The feminine humor is more intelligent.
Aegerion Pharmaceuticals said today that the FDA had approved lomitapide to help further lower cholesterol in patients with homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia.
The FDA had approved lomitapide to help in patients with homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia.
India has decided to allow foreign airlines to buy stakes of up to 49 percent in local carriers, a long-awaited policy move that could provide a lifeline to the country's debt-laden airlines by opening up a fresh source of funding.
India has decided to allow foreign airlines to buy stakes in local carriers.
Police say a man pulled a switchblade on a couple that was walking on Church Street Monday evening.
A man pulled a switchblade on a couple.
Bayern Munich striker Ivica Olic is facing up to more injury frustration after being ruled out for up to eight weeks with a hip problem.
Ivica Olic is facing up to more injury frustration.
SAN FRANCISCO -Barry Bonds has pleaded not guilty to 15 felony charges of lying to a federal grand jury about his performance-enhancing drug use.
Barry Bonds has pleaded not guilty to 15 felony charges.
Eight-time major winner Tom Watson has told Tiger Woods he needs to 'clean up his act' and show more humility to the fans who come to watch him play.
Tom Watson has told Tiger Woods he needs to clean up his act.
Supermarket group Asda has stepped up the supermarket price war with a new round of 5,000 price cuts.
Asda has stepped up the supermarket price war.
Mark Wright has landed a five-episode ITV2 show chronicling his attempts to crack America called 'Mar's American Vacation'.
Mark Wright has landed a ITV2 show.
``I wish they had just left us alone. We would have asked for nothing else all our lives.''
I wish they had just left alone.
Sunoco Logistics Partners LP, announced that it has commenced a public offering of 2,000,000 common units pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Sunoco Logistics Partners LP, announced it has commenced a public offering of 2,000,000 common units.
A Fort Bliss soldier died Friday at Landstuhl Medical Center in Germany from injuries sustained in a ``non-combat related incident'' in Talil, Iraq, the Department of Defense announced.
A Fort Bliss soldier died from injuries sustained in a incident in Talil, Iraq.
O3b Networks, the developer of a new fibre quality, satellite-based, global Internet backbone infrastructure announced today that it is opening its first regional headquarters in Dubai.
O3b Networks is opening its regional headquarters in Dubai.
Crude oil prices headed higher Monday in New York, topping $94 per barrel, on positive economic data.
Crude oil prices headed higher.
A former OJ Simpson co-defendant says he's completed the inpatient drug treatment a judge sent him to instead of prison for a probation violation.
A OJ Simpson co-defendant says he's completed the drug treatment.
From here, Axis Bank, which started corrections probably earlier than a lot of PSU banks, looks stronger.
Axis Bank looks stronger.
Former UFC light-heavyweight champion ``Suga'' Rashad Evans told MMA Mania that Belfort has ``more than a chance'' of beating Jones.
Belfort has more than a chance of beating Jones.
Oil refineries send millions of dollars to the state and employ hundreds of Montanans.
Oil refineries send millions of dollars and employ hundreds of Montanans.
A boy and his dog enjoy a day at the beach and helps bury his dog in the sand up to his neck.
A boy enjoy and helps bury his dog in the sand up to his neck.
The lower house of the French parliament approved on Wednesday a tight 2012 budget as Paris aims to eliminate its deficit within five years amid a worsening of the eurozone debt crisis.
The lower house approved a 2012 budget.
The UK 100 opened negatively this morning, Trading down 2 points.
The UK 100 opened negatively this morning.
Governor Neil Abercrombie announced today that his Chief of Staff, Amy Asselbaye, and Deputy Chief of Staff, Andrew Aoki, have resigned.
Neil Abercrombie announced his Chief of Staff and Deputy Chief of Staff have resigned.
Public finance problems in Greece and some other European Union member states hit by the financial crisis, are posing ``a very serious challenge'' for the euro, Olli Rehn, the Finnish commissioner-designate for the key economic and monetary affairs position on the European Commission, told members of the European Parliament at a confirmation hearing on Monday.
Public finance problems in Greece, are posing a very serious challenge for the euro.
A West Newton man armed with a plastic gun and a hammer robbed a North Huntingdon pharmacy of 10 bottles of a painkiller Monday evening, but was caught hiding in a wooded area a short time later.
A man armed with a plastic gun and a hammer robbed a North Huntingdon pharmacy.
Sharon Stone, 52, took her sons to work on the set of Law \u0026 Order:
Sharon Stone took her sons to work.
Three Level 3 sex offenders have registered new addresses in the city of Bremerton, according to the Bremerton Police Department.
Three sex offenders have registered new addresses in the city of Bremerton.
Soon to be Massachusetts Sen. Paul Kirk arrived on Capitol Hill Friday to cheers from staffers and friends of the late Sen. Ted Kennedy.
Paul Kirk arrived on Capitol Hill.
Slovakia has become the final eurozone nation to approve the expansion of the European Financial Stability Facility after its parliament ratified the plan at a second vote.
Slovakia has become to approve the expansion.
BC Lions won their first Grey Cup since 2006 defeating the Winnipeg Blue Bombers, 34-23 in the 99th Grey Cup on Sunday in Place Vancouver.
BC Lions won their Grey Cup.
Searchers find missing aircraft Updated: 12:55, Monday February 4, 2013 An aircraft has spotted the wreckage of an ultralight aircraft that went missing on Sunday north of Brisbane.
Searchers find missing aircraft.
Melo, the much-lauded center who failed to make an impact during his freshman season, was arraigned Wednesday morning in Syracuse City Court on a ``misdemeanor charge of fourth degree criminal mischief.''
Melo was arraigned on a misdemeanor charge.
Three Tesla employees were killed in a plane crash on Wednesday, as reported in a statement released by Elon Musk, CEO of the Palo Alto-based electric automaker.
Three Tesla employees were killed in a plane crash.
Two men were arrested on drug charges following a traffic stop in downtown Binghamton.
Two men were arrested on drug charges.
Researchers have electronically linked the brains of pairs of rats for the first time, enabling them to communicate directly to solve simple behavioral puzzles.
Researchers have electronically linked the brains of pairs of rats.
Gary Locke, the nominee to be the next US ambassador to Beijing, said Thursday that China must do more to pressure North Korea as it welcomed the secretive regime's leader Kim Jong-Il.
China must do more to pressure North Korea.
Centaurus Financial® ranks as one of the top 50 independent broker/dealers based on gross revenue for the eighth straight year according to InvestmentNews.
Centaurus Financial ® ranks as one of the top 50 independent broker / dealers.
``Bullions may remain in range. Gold can trade in range of 16,700-16,850.Silver can trade in range of 27,500-27,800.Dollar index is can also trade in range of 80-80.8. Underlying support for gold continues to come from Greece`s sovereign debt situation and the efforts of the European Union to deal with it.
Bullions may remain in range.
Four Kansas University professors and several students and researchers are involved in the super collider experiments in Switzerland.
Four Kansas University professors are involved in the super collider experiments.
Steve Sjuggerud from Daily Wealth believes that the worst of the recession is behind us based on a comparison of previous financial crises in the history of the United States.
The worst of the recession is.
ASOS has launched its debut mobile site ahead of the Christmas retail shopping season.
ASOS has launched its mobile site.
The UAE has launched a business continuity management standard to ensure organisations across the country continue operating throughout any emergency, a senior official said on Wednesday.
The UAE has launched a business continuity management standard.
British oil giant BP said Monday it would sell $5.6 billion of its Gulf of Mexico assets to Plains Exploration and Production Co. of Houston, Texas.
Oil giant would sell $ 5.6 billion of its Gulf of Mexico assets.
Gov. Rick Perry is calling Texas lawmakers back to Austin for a special session to try again to pass legislation that will keep major state agencies running.
Rick Perry is calling for a special session.
AP Sports Writer Philip Rivers got his big-money contract extension.
Philip Rivers got his contract extension.
TI has had his probation revoked and was just sentenced to 11 months in prison today following the felony drug possession he was charged with in September of this year.
TI has had and was sentenced to 11 months in prison following the drug possession.
A record temperature of 93 degrees is expected for today, Sept. 23, the first day of fall, said Myron Padget, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service in Wilmington.
A record temperature is expected the first day of fall, said Myron Padget.
Captain locked out as plane cockpit door jams Air India says the cockpit door of one of its planes got jammed during a flight while the captain was using the toilet, forcing an unscheduled landing by the co-pilot in central India.
Captain locked out as plane cockpit door jams.
A Dreher High School student shot and killed Tuesday will be laid to rest.
A student shot and killed will be laid to rest.
The president will speak about the economy at Fire Station No. 5 in Arlington, Va.
The president will speak about the economy.
Fiji has been hit by widespread flooding, killing at least two people.
Fiji has been hit by widespread flooding.
St. Lawrence coach Joe Marsh was forced to miss his team's games this weekend against Cornell and Colgate because of further complications from a recent surgery.
St. Lawrence coach Joe Marsh was forced to miss this weekend.
Apple has at last issued a patch for the DNS flaw considered one of the most dangerous vulnerabilities ever to affect the internet.
Apple has issued a patch for the DNS flaw.
Two Wausau businesses were broken into overnight and at least one was burglarized, police said.
Two Wausau businesses were broken into.
The Canadian Press Images PHOTO/DAVE Wireless New mobile phone company DAVE Wireless has renamed itself as Mobilicity and says it will launch this spring in Toronto, with a rollout in other major cities later this year.
The Canadian Press Images PHOTO / DAVE Wireless New company DAVE Wireless has renamed as Mobilicity.
The Monte Carlo, a longtime bar on Ethel Avenue in Hancock, was destroyed by fire Tuesday morning.
The Monte Carlo was destroyed by fire.
Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh has reviewed the security scenario in the country during a meeting with senior ministers and the three service chiefs on Saturday night.
Dr. Manmohan Singh has reviewed the security scenario.
Washington coach Flip Saunders will miss the Wizards' game Wednesday against Golden State to address ``a family emergency involving his mother.''
Washington coach Flip Saunders will miss the Wizards ' game against Golden State.
BD, a global medical technology company, announced today that it would present at the following investor healthcare conferences in January:
BD would present at the investor healthcare conferences.
A LYME Regis man has been appointed MBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours for his selfless dedication to the community.
A LYME Regis man has been appointed MBE.
Hundreds gathered at All Saints church for Kelvin Kane's funeral.
Hundreds gathered for Kelvin Kane's funeral.
Police are looking for a man who robbed the Regions Bank in Affton Friday afternoon.
Police are looking for a man who robbed the Regions Bank in Affton.
Millions of Americans have chronic kidney disease, but most don't realize it because early kidney disease has no symptoms.
Millions have chronic kidney disease.
Math and reading scores for the Michigan Educational Assessment Program test rose statewide during the past year, and many local school districts also topped the state average in those areas.
Math and reading scores rose.
Heavy rain bringing flash flood warnings fell across the Chicago area this morning, with some areas getting as much as 5 inches of precipitation.
Heavy rain bringing flash flood warnings fell.
Louisville Public Media's spring membership campaign raised a record $402,389, the public radio organization announced yesterday.
Louisville Public Media's campaign raised a record $ 402,389.
SaxonAir has announced that it has added a second Citation Mustang to its AOC.
SaxonAir has added a second Citation Mustang.
AMEC, the international engineering and project management company, announces today that it has completed the acquisition of MACTEC, a leading US engineering and environmental services company.
AMEC has completed the acquisition of MACTEC.
Polly Platt, who was nominated for an Oscar for art direction for ``Terms of Endearment'' and went on to produce several successful films, has died.
Polly Platt, who was nominated, has died.
In a setback for opposition protesters, the Russian parliament Friday approved a bill further restricting anti-government demonstrations.
The Russian parliament approved a bill restricting demonstrations.
Day laborers sued a Southern California city on Tuesday, claiming a ban on seeking work on the street violates their civil rights.
Laborers sued a city, claiming a ban on seeking work.
Credit Suisse Group said it will suspend withdrawals from its Euroreal fund for three months, after proposed changes in Germany for real-estate funds caused investors to clamor for their money back from the EUR6.2 billion real-estate fund.
Credit Suisse Group will suspend withdrawals from its Euroreal fund.
Actor Robert Pattinson will have to wear a wig for his `Twilight` re-shoot because of his trimmed haircut.
Robert Pattinson will have to wear a wig for his Twilight re-shoot.
The Miami Dolphins signed veteran receiver Kevin Curtis on Monday night to supplement the injury-depleted receiving corp.
The Miami Dolphins signed veteran receiver Kevin Curtis.
A former state senator who represented Jackson County was sentenced Tuesday after she pleaded guilty to one of 17 charges brought against her in US District Court in Huntington.
A former state senator was sentenced.
Welsh Rugby international Gareth Thomas was named Hero of the Year at the Stonewall Awards in London last night, where an Australian was also in the running.
Gareth Thomas was named Hero of the Year.
The Milwaukee Brewers will stop offering their holiday four-pack ticket packages on Sunday night.
The Milwaukee Brewers will stop offering their holiday ticket packages on Sunday night.
Brett Favre will start at quarterback for the Minnesota Vikings tonight against the Chicago Bears.
Brett Favre will start tonight.
The Fargo Police Department issued notice today that two Level 3 sex offenders have changed their addresses.
Two sex offenders have changed their addresses.
Barclays Capital today announces the senior appointments of Ian Montgomery as Chief Operating Officer of Canada and John Kennedy as Chief Compliance Officer of Canada.
Barclays Capital today announces the senior appointments as Officer of Canada.
Presidential candidate Barack Obama, who's been reaching out in recent days to evangelical voters, will hold a series of gatherings Wednesday in Colorado Springs, often considered the capital of conservative Christian ministries.
Barack Obama will hold a series of gatherings Wednesday.
New Democracy leader Antonis Samaras, whose party finished first in the critical June 17 elections but with less than 30 percent of the vote, was sworn in as Prime Minister on June 20 after convincing his rivals, the PASOK Socialists, and the small Leftist party, the Democratic Left, to support a coalition, although they will take no part in it beyond giving his party their votes to control the Parliament and government.
Antonis Samaras was sworn in as Prime Minister.
President Obama will hold a news conference Wednesday morning in the East Room of the White House, his first in three months.
Obama will hold a news conference.
Pakistan Muslim League-N has tabled adjournment motion in the National Assembly against the rise in electricity and gas tariffs, a private television news channel reported on Thursday.
Pakistan Muslim League-N has tabled adjournment motion against the rise in electricity and gas tariffs.
Property Week is asking that you take a few seconds to tell us where you got your MIPIM news from over the past week.
Where you got your MIPIM news.
The Vikings fell to Lynnfield yesterday on the road, 60-48, and with the loss their record slipped to 6-9.
The Vikings fell to Lynnfield.
Michael Crabtree has a stress fracture in his left foot that could sideline him for 10 weeks, NFL.com and ESPN report.
Michael Crabtree has a stress fracture in his left foot.
The past few years have seen remarkable breakthroughs in understanding how the brain works.
How the brain works.
CARONI East MP Dr Tim Gopeesingh has questioned whether the Commission of Enquiry was designed to fail by the Government and so-called mistakes, including the failure to publish the appointment of the Commission in the Gazette, were deliberate ``sleeper cells'' meant to become active and destroy the credibility of the Commission.
The Commission of Enquiry was designed to fail.
Bhubaneswar, Nov 9 Orissa has ordered the suspension of work in 69 mines after the operators failed to produce documents to show their mining activities were legal, a senior mines department official said Monday.
Bhubaneswar, Orissa has ordered the suspension of work in 69 mines.
The Ikea brand has been sold for 75 billion kronor to one of the Swedish furniture giant's daughter companies, with experts saying that the price tag is ``reasonable''.
The Ikea brand has been sold for 75 billion kronor.
The Chicago Cubs announced Friday they traded utility man Brent Lillibridge to the New York Yankees for a player to be named later and cash considerations.
The Chicago Cubs traded Brent Lillibridge to the New York Yankees.
Arvind Kejriwal on 24 November 2012 announced the name of his newly formed Political Party as Aam Admi Party after two months of its split from Anna Hazare and his movement of India Against Corruption at the Constitution Club, New Delhi.
Arvind Kejriwal announced the name of his Political Party as Aam Admi Party.
European shares rose on Thursday, with a key index holding above a resistance level, as banks gained after positive comments on the economy by a European Central Bank policymaker helped bolster investors' confidence.
European shares rose as banks gained.
Ledley King is confident of being fit for the start of the season after coming through his first 45 minutes of football since the World Cup.
Ledley King is confident of being fit for the start of the season.
The host of ``Countdown With Keith Olbermann'' on MSNBC, former ESPN anchor Keith Olbermann, has been dropped from the NBC's ``Football Night in America,'' reports the New York Post.
Keith Olbermann, has been dropped from the NBC's Football Night in America.
A Durban school principal has been stabbed to death and another man hacked to death in two separate incidents in Umlazi, KwaZulu-Natal police said on Monday.
A principal has been stabbed to death.
Kara Dioguardi has exited American Idol, as she releases a statement to fans.
Kara Dioguardi has exited American Idol.
Early voting begins today around the state of Illinois.
Early voting begins today.
A 22-year-old Coos Bay man faces attempted murder and assault charges for allegedly cutting the throat of an auctioneer in Woodburn with a boxcutter.
A Coos Bay man faces attempted murder charges.
New Delhi, July 17 Intermittent rains lashed parts of North India even as rising temperatures coupled with high humidity levels troubled people across the region.
Intermittent rains lashed parts of North India.
A MENTALLY ill man, arrested for beating his wife died under the wheels of a lorry just hours after being released on bail, an inquest heard yesterday.
A man, died after being released on bail.
In Luzerne County, a community came together to help a local fire department in Hanover Township.
A community came to help a fire department.
Doc Watson died on Tuesday, May 29, at age 89.
Doc Watson died, at age 89.
Pakistan's senior all-rounder Abdul Razzaq has said that he has not misled any one, including the national selectors or the cricket board, to play in the ongoing Bangladesh cricket league.
Pakistan's Abdul Razzaq has not misled, including the selectors.
A RISING number of investors who no longer trust traditional investments in property and shares are turning to more exotic options, and risking huge losses in the process.
A number of investors are turning to more exotic options.
French soccer rivals Paris Saint-Germain and Marseille will play both their games this season without visiting fans.
French rivals will play without visiting fans.
A 2-year-old Bartlett toddler has died after he fell into a backyard pool on June 14, officials said.
A Bartlett toddler has died after he fell into a pool.
Ocean Racing Technology has had to pull out of the GP2 and GP3 series due to financial difficulties.
Ocean Racing Technology has had to pull out of the GP2 and GP3 series.
Hollywood actors Daniel Craig and Judi Dench, who star together in the Bond series as James Bond and M, have been immortalised in wax at the Madame Tussauds museum.
Actors Daniel Craig and Judi Dench have been immortalised in wax.
Two social enterprise nursery schools in Paisley, Renfrewshire, have been awarded £270,000 in funding which will enable them to continue providing childcare until at least 2011.
Two social enterprise nursery schools have been awarded in funding.
Home secretary Jacqui Smith today said the money would fund a new anti-social behaviour 'action squad' to crack down on persistent anti-social offenders.
The money would fund a anti-social action squad to crack down on offenders.
A Sebeka man was charged in Wadena County District Court with domestic assault after a fight with a woman July 8.
A Sebeka man was charged with domestic assault.
Some financial experts have called for effective supervision of non-interest banking to ensure its success and integration into the Nigerian economy.
Some experts have called for effective supervision of non-interest banking.
With this in mind, we bring you news of a new slot that will open up on the court this July, when Judge Guido Calabresi takes senior status.
Guido Calabresi takes senior status.
A storm moving into the Valley from the east is expected to bring rain showers, lightning and wind gusts up to 50 mph in some areas, according to the National Weather Service.
A storm moving into the Valley is expected to bring rain showers, lightning.
A New Oxford woman faces 13 felony forgery charges, among others, after police alleged she stole an acquaintance's checkbook to feed her drug addiction.
A woman faces 13 forgery charges.
Those who seriously want Kris Aquino to leave the country can celebrate... but not for long.
Who want Kris Aquino to leave the country.
Spears gave birth to a baby girl at around 9:30 AM while surrounded by family members.
Spears gave birth to a baby girl.
The Steilacoom ferry terminal will close for four months starting the evening of Jan. 3 for renovations, Pierce County announced today.
The Steilacoom ferry terminal will close starting for renovations.
Retail sales probably climbed in January as shoppers took advantage of post-holiday promotions before winter storms covered much of the US, a sign the economy is on the mend, economists said before a report this week.
Retail sales probably climbed in January.
DJ Z-Trip will take over the turntables during KCRW's ``Morning Becomes Eclectic'' this Thursday, May 7th, prior to his appearance at Audiotistic, Saturday, May 9 The Roots will headline immediately following his set.
DJ Z-Trip will take over during KCRW's Morning Becomes Eclectic.
Michigan football coach Brady Hoke calls out Notre Dame for pulling out of its annual rivalry game with the Wolverines.
Brady Hoke calls out Notre Dame.
As many as 6,000 new milk co-operative societies would be formed in the State in a bid to bring milk producers outside the co-operative ambit into the fold, Minister for Dairy Development V. Moorthy said here on Wednesday.
As many as 6,000 milk co-operative societies would be formed.
Galveston voters have approved paid parking on the seawall, with much of the revenue going to seawall enhancements.
Galveston voters have approved paid parking on the seawall.
JPMorgan Chase \u0026 Co plans to cut 3,000 to 4,000 jobs in its consumer bank in 2013, representing about 1.5 per cent of the company's overall workforce, it said in a presentation to investors on Tuesday.
JPMorgan Chase \u0026 Co plans to cut 3,000 to 4,000 jobs.
An Amber Alert has been issued for a Boise boy who was kidnapped from his home.
An Amber Alert has been issued for a Boise boy.
Former DG ISI, General Hamid Gul has said that UN Commission's report is nothing but wastage of money and time.
UN Commission's report is nothing but wastage of money.
A man was killed late Wednesday night when a fire broke out at his southeast Dallas home, according to fire investigators.
A man was killed a fire broke out at his southeast Dallas home.
Italy has called up Cagliari defender Davide Astori to join its squad at the European Championship in case Andrea Barzagli can't stay with the team due to a calf injury.
Italy has called up Cagliari defender Davide Astori.
Pop singer Nicki Minaj has engaged in a war of words with her Irish fans on Twitter.
Nicki Minaj has engaged in a war of words with her Irish fans on Twitter.
The rumoured PS3 firmware update has indeed gone live today, although it hasn't been welcomed by all.
The PS3 update has gone live.
This time it has been revealed that the DVLA has made a massive £8.7 million from taking phone calls from motorists who are enquiring about car tax and DVLA documents.
The DVLA has made a £ 8.7 million from taking phone calls.
SINGAPORE will deport 29 mainland Chinese bus drivers and prosecute five others for taking part in the city-state's first strike since the 1980s, the government says.
SINGAPORE will deport 29 Chinese bus drivers.
Photo by TWITTER R\u0026B singer Keyshia Cole has married boyfriend Daniel Gibson over the weekend in a secret ceremony.
Photo by Keyshia Cole has married Daniel Gibson over the weekend.
A business survey has revealed that 18 per cent of small businesses fear they will go insolvent if UK interest rates rise to 4.5%.
18 cent of small businesses fear they will go insolvent if UK interest rates rise.
Wakarusa start-up Electric Motors Corp. said it has hired Roger Umbaugh as chief financial officer.
Electric Motors Corp. has hired as financial officer.
Doffek, in his third year at the helm of the UW-Milwaukee baseball team, was named Horizon League coach of the year Monday.
Doffek, in his year, was named coach.
Kat Dennings, the young actress who has appeared in several popular movies over the last few years, including The 40-Year-Old Virgin and Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist, has joined the growing cast of superhero blockbuster Thor.
Kat Dennings, has joined the cast of Thor.
20:03 PDT Santa Cruz, Calif. Authorities say a six-year-old girl has died after a large log rolled on top of her as she played on a Santa Cruz County beach.
A girl has died after a log rolled on top as she played on a beach.
Dave Duerson, a key player for the Chicago Bears during the 1980s, was found dead at his Miami home on Thursday night.
Dave Duerson, a player, was found dead at his Miami home.
A Saginaw man has been found guilty of murdering the parents of three young children.
A Saginaw man has been found guilty.
Bolton Wanderers have signed Sweden striker Johan Elmander on a three-year deal from French club Toulouse for an undisclosed transfer fee.
Bolton Wanderers have signed Sweden striker Johan Elmander.
Bedouin Soundclash will release a tour EP in conjunction with their shows supporting No Doubt.
Bedouin Soundclash will release a tour EP.
Niagara Parks Police are investigating an illegal border crossing incident that occurred about 7 am, Tuesday, after eyewitnesses fishing near the power plant along the Robert Moses Parkway on the American side reported seeing a man in the water.
Police are investigating an illegal border crossing incident.
Chivas USA announced that goalkeeper Dan Kennedy underwent successful surgery on his right knee on Wednesday afternoon.
Chivas USA announced Dan Kennedy underwent surgery.
US stock futures pointed to a slightly higher start for Wednesday, with gains in commodities helping offset slowing-growth worries that continue to hang over investors and global markets.
US stock futures pointed to a slightly higher start.
Union Petroleum Minister Murli Deora said that the fuel prices may be cut in next few weeks.
The fuel prices may be cut in few weeks.
The black dust situation is a national problem which is felt particularly in the south, Labour MP Silvio Parnis, party spokesman for sustainable development, said.
The black dust situation is a national problem.
Former Team India cricketer and commentator Ravi Shastri has filed for divorce in a Bandra family court from his wife Ritu after 22 years of marriage, Mumbai Mirror reported.
Ravi Shastri has filed for divorce in a court after 22 years of marriage.
The Bhadra plaza redevelopment will be delayed till June 2014.
The Bhadra plaza redevelopment will be delayed.
Taliban insurgents on Thursday urged Afghans to kill foreign soldiers in revenge for the burning of copies of the Koran at a US-run military base that has sparked violent protests across the country.
Taliban insurgents urged Afghans to kill foreign soldiers.
Music services organization Rocket Science announced a spate of new hires and promotions, along with the launch of a label in partnership with Sony/RED.
Rocket Science announced a spate of new hires and promotions.
A 35-year-old Wayne County man has been charged with first-degree rape and first-degree sex abuse in connection with an incident that occurred in the Town of Butler on October 13.
A Wayne County man has been charged with rape and sex abuse.
A Wonder Lake man died in custody last weekend at the Barrington police lockup, authorities said Tuesday.
A Wonder Lake man died at the Barrington police lockup.
Eddie Van Halen has broken his silence about Van Halen's postponed summer tour dates, insisting he and his bandmates ``bit off more than we could chew'' when planning an extensive reunion tour.
Eddie Van Halen has broken his silence about Van Halen's postponed summer tour dates.
On Sept. 29, 2010, Governor General Michaëlle Jean bid an emotional farewell to the men and women of the Canadian Forces and to CF veterans during a military parade held at the Canadian War Museum in Ottawa.
Governor General Michaëlle Jean bid an farewell to the men of the Canadian Forces.
The Detroit Tigers activated setup man Fernando Rodney from the disabled list Monday and manager Jim Leyland was eager to work him into a game as soon as possible.
The Detroit Tigers activated Fernando Rodney.
Cost Plus, Inc. today confirmed that it is conducting a merchandising test with Bed Bath \u0026 Beyond involving its consumables products in three Bed Bath \u0026 Beyond stores located in San Diego, California;
Today confirmed Cost Plus Inc. is conducting a merchandising test with Bed Bath \u0026 Beyond.
BharatMatrimony.com, India's most trusted matrimony portal with over 12 million registered members today announced the launch of matrimony services on Airtel, India's leading mobile telecom service provider with over 77 million subscribers.
BharatMatrimony.com, today announced the launch of matrimony services on Airtel.
Jennifer Connelly is a mom again after giving birth to a daughter.
Jennifer Connelly is a mom again.
An Oklahoma man killed Thursday in a traffic crash has been identified as Steven Curtiss, the Tarrant County medical examiner's office reported Sunday.
An Oklahoma man killed in a crash has been identified.
The city of Monterey is urging business owners and merchants in the city to send employees home early because of traffic issues related to the storm now pounding the Monterey Peninsula.
The city of Monterey is urging business owners to send employees home early.
Lady Antebellum just set a new band record after they scored the biggest selling night of their 2012 Own The Night 2012 World Tour.
Lady Antebellum set a new record.
A NATO soldier was killed Friday in a Taliban attack in southern Afghanistan.
A NATO soldier was killed in a Taliban attack.
``I am really impressed the way Kumar organises the programme and hears patiently the grievances of visitors and takes action immediately,'' Singh told reporters during Kumar's programme at his official residence.
I am impressed the way Kumar organises.
-based RockTenn closed the Matane, Quebec containerboard mill, which had 176,000 tons per year of recycled corrugated medium production capacity.
RockTenn closed the Matane, Quebec mill.
Columbus Police have identified remains found near a northeast Columbus elementary school as Johnny Brown, 60.
Columbus Police have identified remains found near a elementary school.
ST. LOUIS - The US Coast Guard is investigating why a barge hit a Mississippi River bridge at St. Louis, causing four barges to briefly break free but leaving no apparent structural damage to the span.
A barge hit a Mississippi River bridge at St. Louis.
Other than its new cast of diverse celebrities, ABC has announced even more changes for the new season of Dancing With the Stars.
ABC has announced changes for the new season of Dancing With the Stars.
Sarnia police are looking for suspects in an underground parking lot break-in in the 300 block of North Front Street Wednesday.
Police are looking for suspects.
Swedish industrial production fell 19.9 percent percent year-on-year in July, the statistics office said on Wednesday.
Swedish industrial production fell - on-year in July.
Women bear the brunt of being the health police in heterosexual marriages, but gay and lesbian couples are more likely to mutually influence each other's health habits - for better or for worse.
Women bear, but gay and lesbian couples are more likely to mutually influence each other's health habits.
The rupee strengthened beyond 50 per dollar mark, its highest in more than a month on Monday, but gave up some of its gains late on Monday afternoon.
The rupee strengthened beyond 50 per dollar mark.
Democrat Alexi Giannoulias leads Republican Mark Kirk by seven points in a poll released Thursday by the liberal DailyKos Web site.
Alexi Giannoulias leads Mark Kirk in a poll.
Greece has no intention of restructuring its debt, nor is it seeking to discount the value of that debt by negotiating a 'haircut' on the outstanding bonds held by its creditors, the country's finance minister said Monday.
Greece has no intention of restructuring its debt the country's finance minister said.
July was the hottest month in the continental US on record, beating the hottest month in the devastating Dust Bowl summer of 1936, the US government reported yesterday.
July was the hottest month in the US.
By Bob Grossweiner \u0026 Jane Cohen Although no dates have been released, it appears that Fleetwood Mac will tour early next year.
Fleetwood Mac will tour early next year.
Water in uninsulated pipes is at risk of freezing -- and expanding -- when temperatures are 20 degrees Fahrenheit and below, according to ONWASA.
Water in pipes is at risk of freezing temperatures are.
Matthew Elliott is disappointed, but not bitter about his departure.
Matthew Elliott is disappointed, but not bitter.
LONDON -Harry Redknapp has been fired by Tottenham after almost four years as manager of the Premier League club.
Harry Redknapp has been fired by Tottenham.
Ghana coach Kwesi Appiah is so wary of the Cape Verde Islands quarterfinal threat that he has said he would 'prefer' to face Nations Cup favourites Ivory Coast on Saturday.
Ghana coach Kwesi Appiah is wary of the threat he has said he would prefer to face Nations Cup favourites Ivory Coast on Saturday.
The Texans promoted Frank Bush to defensive coordinator on Tuesday.
The Texans promoted Frank Bush to defensive coordinator.
The San Francisco Public Library is offering borrowers amnesty in return for overdue books.
The San Francisco Public Library is offering amnesty.
Former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky waived his preliminary hearing, a decision that moves him toward a trial on charges of child sex abuse and vacates the possibility that he would face his accusers in court Tuesday.
Jerry Sandusky waived his preliminary hearing.
- President Barack Obama said on Wednesday he wanted to ``begin work'' on immigration reform this year and that US officials would monitor a controversial new law in Arizona for civil rights implications.
Barack Obama wanted to begin on immigration reform this year.
A new Iowa State University study has examined why innocent suspects may confess to a crime.
Why innocent suspects may confess to a crime.
British voters have punished the Liberal Democrats for their role in a deficit-cutting government, deserting the party in local elections and almost certainly rejecting its efforts to reform the electoral system.
British voters have punished the Liberal Democrats.
An Ethiopian airliner transporting 90 passengers and crew crashed in stormy weather just after takeoff in Lebanon early Monday, plunging into the Mediterranean sea, Transport Minister Ghazi Aridi said.
An Ethiopian airliner crashed just after takeoff in Lebanon.
Peaches Geldof and husband Tom Cohen have welcomed their second son, Phaedra, on what would have been her late mother's birhday.
Peaches Geldof have welcomed their second son.
Most emerging Asian currencies rose on Friday, to head for weekly gains, with the Philippine peso near a five-year peak, as more evidence of recovery in the world's top two economies brightened the outlook for the region and bolstered risk appetite.
Asian currencies rose.
The previously reported UK tour of Hair staring Gareth Gates has been canceled, according to WhatsOnStage.com.
The UK tour of Hair staring Gareth Gates has been canceled.
A Jefferson County prosecutor has been fired for violating rules in her office.
A Jefferson County prosecutor has been fired.
2013-04-01T20:14:29Z 2013-04-02T03:07:22Z Rescuers use rowboat to reach pilot in Wis. swamp Winona Daily News Rescuers used a rowboat to reach a pilot whose plane crashed in a swamp in Juneau County of central Wisconsin.
Rescuers use rowboat to reach pilot in Wis. swamp.
Wheelchairs might be hindering the recovery of people with spinal cord injuries, research suggests.
Wheelchairs might be hindering the recovery.
GAIL India will split its marketing business into a separate firm from April 1 to fulfill the policy guidelines outlined by the petroleum regulator, reports Economic Times.
GAIL India will split its marketing business.
Osama bin Laden had a ``support network'' in Pakistan but it is not clear if the Pakistani government was involved, US President Barack Obama said in his first public comments on the issue.
Osama bin Laden had a support network in Pakistan.
France has banned ketchup from school and college cafeterias, except for when it's on French fries.
France has banned ketchup from school and college cafeterias.
A US Navy helicopter crashed Thursday in Oman during a transport mission, and the fate of its five-member crew is unknown, the US military said, ruling out an attack.
A US Navy helicopter crashed in Oman.
An Air Evac helicopter makes an emergency landing in Burdette Park with a patient onboard.
An Air Evac helicopter makes an emergency landing in Burdette Park.
A French blog is reporting that the SFR, France's second largest mobile carrier, will be launching the Android 2.2 aka Froyo for HTC Magic this summer along with Nexus One.
SFR will be launching the Android 2.2 for HTC Magic.
United Nations Chief Ban Ki-moon on Tuesday urged Sudan to act ``very responsibly'' if President Omar al-Beshir is issued an arrest warrant by the International Criminal Court over alleged genocide in Darfur.
Ki-moon urged Sudan to act responsibly.
A warrant initiative netted 29 arrests and cleared 91 outstanding warrants in the North Boulevard area Tuesday evening.
A warrant initiative netted 29 arrests.
Penn Valley native siblings Sonia and Amit Bhalla are working on NBC's new comedy ``Outsourced,'' which premieres at 9:30 pm Thursday.
Penn Valley siblings Sonia are working on NBC's comedy Outsourced.
She not only took the gold, but she set a brand-new world record with the impressive 150.05 points for her free skate program.
She took the gold.
A homeless Level 3 sex offender will be arraigned today in Middlesex Superior Court after he repeatedly failed to register as a sex offender and fled the state.
A homeless sex offender will be arraigned today.
Three people have been charged by police following the abduction of a man from Lakemba yesterday.
Three people have been charged following the abduction.
As more pieces of a very ugly mosaic fall into place -- including new details from a confidential 2007 report by the International Committee of the Red Cross about interrogations at CIA ``black sites'' -- any remaining doubt that the Bush administration engaged in a conscious policy of torture is disappearing.
The Bush administration engaged in a conscious policy of torture is disappearing.
Mobile Linux supplier Purple Labs announced it has acquired Openwave's mobile phone software business, which develops and markets its browser and messaging client technologies.
Purple Labs has acquired Openwave's mobile phone business, which develops.
CSKA Moscow defenders Sergei Ignashevich and Alexei Berezutsky were found not guilty of doping by a UEFA disciplinary committee on Thursday, the Sovetski Sport paper said.
CSKA Moscow defenders were found not guilty of doping by a UEFA committee.
Johnny Depp is ready to make his trip to Wonderland for the first time.
Johnny Depp is ready to make his trip to Wonderland.
Batanes is experiencing an ``earthquake or seismic swarm'' which explains the series of tremors that hit the area for the past few days, the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology said.
Batanes is experiencing an earthquake or swarm.
One of the shelter shed people at Pinaroo Park.
One of the shelter shed people.
Renewable Energy Group, the leading biodiesel producer and marketer in the country, is helping miners learn how to use biodiesel in their underground operations.
Miners learn how to use biodiesel.
A patient watchdog group set up by the Leicester Mercury is to help rate NHS services.
A patient watchdog group is to help rate NHS services.
A 29-year-old sexual predator who raped a woman while a teenage boy slept in the next room has been jailed for over six years.
A sexual predator has been jailed for over six years.
LDK Solar Co., Ltd. , a leading manufacturer of multicrystalline solar wafers and PV products, today announced that it has expanded its vertical manufacturing by successfully completing the installation and trial runs of the first production line of solar cells in its newly installed manufacturing facility in Xinyu City.
LDK Solar Co., Ltd. has expanded its vertical manufacturing.
Global oil prices remained steady in Asian trade Wednesday after advanced above $78 a barrel overnight.
Oil prices remained steady in Asian trade.
Puppets protest Romney public TV threat Updated: 05:08, Sunday November 4, 2012 Several hundred supporters of US public broadcasting have marched on Capitol Hill in a 'Million Puppet March' in favour of ongoing federal funding for non-commercial programming.
Puppets protest Romney public TV threat.
Despite this fact, President Obama was promoted in polling places across the country today.
Obama was promoted in polling places across the country.
A gene in the brain that was not previously linked to mood disorders could have a role in biopolar, depression, and schizophrenic conditions.
A gene was not linked to mood disorders.
Pop icon Madonna will perform in the Superbowl XLVI halftime show on NBC at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis in February.
Madonna will perform in the Superbowl XLVI halftime show.
Both a heat advisory and an air quality alert have been issued today for the Staten Island area.
A heat advisory and an air quality alert have been issued for the Staten Island area.
and each time the revolver just went ``click'' next to his head.
And each time the revolver just went click.
Tampa Bay Lightning assistant coach Wayne Fleming is recovering from an operation to remove a brain tumor.
Assistant coach Wayne Fleming is recovering.
Pakistan wicketkeeper Zulqarnain Haider, who fled to London midway through a series against South Africa in the UAE after receiving death threats for refusing to fix matches, today announced his retirement from international cricket.
Zulqarnain Haider today announced his retirement.
Cricketer Yuvraj Singh, who has been circuitously connected with Bollywood, owing to his liaisons with actors Kim Sharma and Deepika Padukone says if he ever decides to act, he would love to do a film like ``Garam Masala'' with Akshay Kumar.
Yuvraj Singh would love to do a film like Garam Masala with Akshay Kumar.
Mumbai The Indian rupee lost 15 paise to Rs 50.45 per US dollar in early trade on the Interbank Foreign Exchange today due to appreciation of the American currency against the euro and other rivals overseas and a weak opening in the domestic equity market.
Mumbai The rupee lost 15 paise to Rs 50.45 per US dollar in early trade.
Two Contra Costa College music students were recently awarded scholarships based on their musical merit by Cal State-East Bay.
Two music students were awarded scholarships.
House Minority Leader Pat Bauer returned to Indianapolis Wednesday morning for a meeting with Speaker Brian Bosma.
Pat Bauer returned to Indianapolis.
Although there were rumours Natalie could be attached to several new films, insiders are now claiming she is putting her career return on hold for a bit longer.
Natalie is putting her career return on hold.
Veteran offensive tackle Ray Willis has told the Kansas City Chiefs that he is retiring.
Ray Willis has told the Kansas City Chiefs he is retiring.
Hibernia Atlantic, the organisation responsible for the deployment of the 'Project Kelvin' high speed, diverse network, announces today that Novosco, Ireland's leading provider of virtual and cloud IT infrastructure and services, chose Hibernia Atlantic for its fast, diverse connectivity within Northern Ireland and throughout the rest of Europe.
Novosco chose Hibernia Atlantic for its, connectivity.
Research, published July 28th in the journal Neurology, is challenging the possibility that all epilepsy drugs may cause an increased risk in suicidal behavior.
All epilepsy drugs may cause an risk in suicidal behavior.
- Isaac continues to push its way inland, and forecasters downgraded it to a tropical storm Wednesday afternoon.
Isaac continues to push inland.
The ever strong Mumbai Indians defeated Delhi Daredevils convincingly by 32 runs in the 49 th Indian Premier League match on May 7.
The Mumbai Indians defeated Delhi Daredevils by 32 runs.
SMU hosts Tulane on Saturday, Nov. 5, for a 2 pm Homecoming match-up.
SMU hosts Tulane, for a Homecoming match-up.
The New York Yankees say Jorge Posada is going to announce his retirement Tuesday at Yankee Stadium.
Jorge Posada is going to announce his retirement Tuesday.
Grenada and Costa Rica played to a two all draw in a friendly international over the weekend.
Grenada and Costa Rica played to a two all draw.
LOS ANGELES, Calif. ``Punk'd'' is officially back in business and it's no longer only Ashton Kutcher to be afraid of!
Calif. Punk 'd is back.
A Coeur d'Alene man died Thursday when the plane he was piloting crashed in the Nez Perce/Clearwater National Forest.
A man died the plane crashed.
Actress Mischa Barton has enraged Hindus around the world, after she cribbed on her blog about not getting a sitar teacher in India.
Mischa Barton has enraged Hindus.
After the lengthy debt ceiling debate, continued unemployment and now the downgrading of America's credit rating, many of you have a lot of questions about what's going on in Washington.
Many have a lot of questions about what's going on in Washington.
IDG is reporting that LG will be supplying Apple with displays for both an ``iPad mini'' and the iPhone 5.
LG will be supplying with displays for an iPad mini and the iPhone 5.
A skydiver was hurt and rushed to the hospital after jumping out of a plane Saturday at SkyDive Houston in Waller County.
A skydiver was hurt after jumping.
Casey Anthony was judged too harshly for her wild lifestyle, according to her Defense Attorney, Jose Baez.
Casey Anthony was judged too harshly for her wild lifestyle.
Fanning the flames of a fire started just under two years ago, Florence + The Machine are set to ignite stages across the country when they return to Australasia in May 2012 for a national arena tour.
They return to Australasia.
The Interior Department says at least 49 offshore oil or natural gas production platforms in the Gulf of Mexico were destroyed by Hurricane Ike, and some may not be rebuilt.
At least 49 oil or natural gas platforms were destroyed by Hurricane Ike.
Pussycat Dolls star Kimberly Wyatt has said she will form her own band as she faces the axe from the group.
Pussycat Dolls star Kimberly Wyatt has said she will form her own band.
THOUSANDS of people on jobseeker's allowance and other benefits have been helped back into work by a borough organisation.
THOUSANDS have been helped back into work by a organisation.
A 31-year-old eastern Montana woman has died of meningitis at an Anaconda hospital.
A eastern Montana woman has died of meningitis at an Anaconda hospital.
PAS has agreed to field non-Muslim candidates to contest in the coming general election in Sarawak and Johor.
PAS has agreed to field non-Muslim candidates to contest in the general election.
``I don't think they like a nationwide protest they perceive as attacking their guy,'' said Dan Gainor, vice president of the Media Research Center's Business and Media Institute.
I don't think they like a nationwide protest they perceive as attacking their guy.
Madonna will release a new album in late March through Universal Music Group's Interscope Records, the label said on Thursday.
Madonna will release a new album.
Police say a suspicious package that was destroyed in Iowa City was an electronic art piece.
Police say a suspicious package was an electronic art piece.
Louisiana has reopened wide swaths of state fishing grounds that were closed in the wake of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill after seafood testing, the state said.
Louisiana has reopened swaths of fishing grounds.
That is the lesson to be learnt from the Lahad Datu incident on Friday which had claimed the lives of two Malaysian commandos, the Plantation Industry and Commodities Minister said.
That is the lesson to be learnt from the Lahad Datu incident.
A Wright City man, who was wanted for parole violation, was tased July 28 while reportedly resisting arrest.
A Wright City man was tased while resisting arrest.
The Prepside Mustangs won three games over the holiday weekend to improve to 11-5 on the season.
The Prepside Mustangs won three games over the weekend.
The stocks and indices are likely to wobble in a narrow range with downward bias in shallow volumes which dropped nearly 20% below average yesterday when indices kissed new calendar high, said Ashok Jainani, head research, Khandwala Securities while commenting on the market outlook today.
The stocks are likely to wobble in a narrow range with downward bias.
Purdue coach Danny Hope said Sunday that Keith Smith's knee injury appears to be serious and he is not optimistic about the receiver's status going forward.
Purdue coach Danny Hope said Keith Smith's knee injury appears to be serious and he is not.
Israel plans to buy firefighting planes and to establish the regional system of forest firefighting, Prime-Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Sunday.
Israel plans to buy firefighting planes.
HONOLULUPresident Barack Obama signed a wide-ranging defense bill into law Saturday despite having ``serious reservations'' about provisions that regulate the detention, interrogation and prosecution of suspected terrorists.
Barack Obama signed a defense bill despite having reservations.
DiversityBusiness.com /- Chrysler Group LLC reaffirmed its historic commitment to supplier diversity and minority supplier development holding its tenth annual Matchmaker minority supplier event today at the Company's headquarters in Auburn Hills.
Chrysler Group LLC reaffirmed its historic commitment to supplier diversity and minority development.
Drivers are bracing themselves for long delays during 12 weeks of road works on one of the busiest routes around Hampton.
Drivers are bracing during 12 weeks of road works.
Two country-made bombs were found in the Delhi-bound North East Express from Guwahati.
Two bombs were found in the North East Express.
The USA might sell 12 AH-64D Block II Apache Longbow helicopters to Egypt for a price of $820 million, DSCA suggested to the Congress.
The USA might sell 12 Apache Longbow helicopters to Egypt.
``She had an accident while doing the gardening, and somehow managed to break both her legs,'' agent David Sigall said.
She had, and managed to break her legs.
Car bombs and planted explosives killed six people, mostly police, on Tuesday in different areas of Iraq as a low level insurgency continues to target the country's struggling security forces.
Bombs killed six people in different areas of Iraq.
After 2 years away from the Gulf of Mexico in the wake of the Deepwater Horizon accident and the subsequent drilling moratorium, BP has begun producing oil there once again.
BP has begun producing oil there again.
A French court has acquitted an Iranian engineer of violating an export embargo by purchasing US technology for military firms in Iran.
A French court has acquitted an Iranian engineer.
TATA Steel has observed the 169th birth anniversary of its founder Mr Jamsetji Nusserwanji Tata with pomp and gaiety.
TATA Steel has observed the 169th birth anniversary.
Local stocks ended mixed on Tuesday, with the main index rising by just 0.02%.
Stocks ended mixed.
Pop star Cheryl Cole performed her new single on the X Factor while her Girls Aloud bandmates supported her from the audience.
Cheryl Cole performed on the X Factor.
A federal judge has dismissed a defamation lawsuit filed against the Dixie Chicks by the stepfather of one of the three 8-year-old boys killed in West Memphis 15 years ago.
A judge has dismissed a lawsuit filed against the Dixie Chicks.
A Destin boat captain has been jailed in Mexico for more than a week on gun charges, and his family here says authorities are squeezing him for cash.
A Destin boat captain has been jailed in Mexico.
BANK of Africa is to venture into low cost mortgage financing to consolidate its presence in Uganda and the East Africa, it said on Friday.
BANK of Africa is to venture into mortgage financing.
Mumbai Asset management firm Morgan Stanley today said it has launched Morgan Stanley Multi Asset Fund, an open-ended debt fund, with an aim to generate regular income for its customers.
Morgan Stanley has launched Morgan Stanley Multi Asset Fund, an fund.
The Greens failed to win a lower seat in the Victorian state election on Saturday and hold just one seat - Melbourne - in the federal parliament.
The Greens failed to win a lower seat.
Hansraj Saxena, Chief Operating Officer of Sun TV Network Limited, who was arrested following complaints from various quarters, was refused bail by the Principal Sessions Judge P Devadass, on Wednesday.
Hansraj Saxena, was refused bail.
``The Fran and Shirley Show'' -- new works by husband-and-wife artists Fran and Shirley Schanz -- will be on view through Aug. 15 at the Urraro Gallery, 152 W. 12th St. Gallery hours:
The Fran and Shirley Show will be.
A woman died this evening after her car was hit by a freight train at a crossing at Lakeview Street and Orangethorpe Avenue.
A woman died after her car was hit by a train.
A Memorial University economics professor says the provincial government has underestimated the labour demands of the province.
The government has underestimated the labour demands.
Indian IT bellwether Infosys on Monday unveiled a business portal of the Commerce Ministry's industrial policy and promotion department for investors and businesses.
Infosys unveiled a business portal.
Air New Zealand, the national carrier, is reviewing its flights from Japan after a decline in the yen made flights here more expensive, crimping demand.
Air New Zealand is reviewing its flights from Japan.
The beautiful Beyonce is back at it, as she kicked back into high gear after canceling one show.
The Beyonce is back.
A Cathedral City woman was arrested Friday on suspicion of committing check fraud in Palm Desert and Rancho Mirage.
A Cathedral City woman was arrested.
An Abu Dhabi group will invest 45 billion dollars in Pakistan and build world's tallest building in Karachi city of Pakistan.
An Abu Dhabi group will invest in Pakistan and build world's tallest building.
Prime Minister John Key will today address the United Nations General Assembly for the first time and will push New Zealand's message on climate change and anti-nuclear policy.
John Key will address the United Nations General Assembly.
TELUS is investing $12 million in Kelowna this year to expand wireless and wired broadband infrastructure for community residents and businesses, including access to the world's fastest wireless infrastructure, called 4G LTE, and Optik TV.
TELUS is investing in Kelowna.
Arsenal captain Cesc Fabregas fears he may not play again this season after suffering a serious leg injury in Wednesday's 2-2 Champions League quarter-final draw against Barcelona.
Cesc Fabregas fears he may not play again this season.
Iran and China will establish a joint road building machinery factory worth 45 million euros in the city of Izeh, Iran.
Iran and China will establish a joint road building machinery factory.
Verdi postal customers should begin to see an improved and more convenient access to their mail.
Verdi postal customers should begin to see an improved access.
Carmelo Anthony said that he will play tonight against the Golden State Warriors tonight, but he also said that his knee will never be 100% healthy again.
Carmelo Anthony said, but he said his knee will never be 100% healthy.
A Lebanon man is accused of trying to kill his wife after she showed up at the Lebanon Police Department early Saturday.
A Lebanon man is accused of trying to kill his wife.
AIRASIA could buy as many as 200 Airbus planes in a landmark deal that is potentially set to dominate the Paris Air Show, industry sources said.
AIRASIA could buy as many as 200 Airbus planes.
George Zimmerman was released around midnight ET Sunday from a county jail on $150,000 US bail as he awaits his second-degree murder trial for fatally shooting Trayvon Martin.
George Zimmerman was released from a jail.
Interactive Intelligence, a global developer of business communications solutions, has announced the preliminary results of its fourth quarter and fiscal year, ending December 31, 2007.
Interactive Intelligence has announced the preliminary results.
Floyd Mayweather Sr has warned Ricky Hatton he must quit drinking between fights if he has any hope of defeating boxers of the calibre of Oscar De La Hoya or his son, Floyd Jr.
Floyd Mayweather Sr has warned Ricky Hatton.
A Hamilton man was charged with deliberate homicide Friday after a fight provoked by a night of drinking Black Velvet and Diet Pepsi in a downtown motel left his common law wife brain dead.
A Hamilton man was charged with homicide.
The Ministry of Transport and Communications, however, argues that the adoption of a congestion charge could actually serve to balance out social differences by having motorists finance public transport.
Motorists finance public transport.
FAMILIES are being urged to support North farmers in the build-up to Christmas and the New Year.
FAMILIES are being urged to support North farmers.
``No, Maduve Mane is an original script and not a remake of DDLJ. I'd rather do 'swamake' films than remakes,'' he stated to a leading English daily.
Maduve Mane is an script and not a remake of DDLJ.
England skipper Steven Gerrard has ruled out retiring from international football, and has vowed to play until at least the European Championships.
Steven Gerrard has ruled out retiring from international football.
Air raid sirens sounded in Tel Aviv on Friday and an explosion was heard, a witness said.
Sirens sounded in Tel Aviv and an explosion was heard.
The Unification Education Center under the Unification Ministry say chances of North Korea suddenly collapsing are slim, since leader Kim Jong-il seems to be in control of government and the system is working.
Chances of North Korea collapsing are slim.
A liquid morphine painkiller given by family caregivers to dying patients can remain on the market, federal regulators in the United States have decided after hearing protests about their decision to remove it.
A liquid morphine painkiller can remain on the market.
Emre Belözoğlu trained with his new teammates before being unveiled by Atletico Madrid in a signing ceremony held in the Vicente Calderon stadium.
Emre Belözoğlu trained before being unveiled by Atletico Madrid in a signing ceremony.
Olympic ski champ and Vail resident Lindsey Vonn owes the federal government $1.7 million in back taxes, according to the Detroit News.
Champ and Vail resident Lindsey Vonn owes $ 1.7 million in taxes.
Verizon has fully restored all services that were affected by the train derailment west of Baltimore, in Ellicott City on Tuesday.
Verizon has restored all services that were affected by the train derailment.
A Yemeni tourism delegation has returned home after its participation in the Berlin International Tourism Fair held in the German capital Berlin on 11-15 March.
A Yemeni tourism delegation has returned home.
Jump Master Training continues at Sanderson Field.
Jump Master Training continues.
IBM and DeVry University today jointly announced the launch of a new Enterprise Computing track within DeVry University's Computer Information Systems bachelor's degree program.
IBM and DeVry University today announced the launch of a new Enterprise Computing track.
A Philippine ferry capsized on Saturday on its way to a resort town south of Manila, killing at least 12 people, including a Japanese tourist, officials said.
A Philippine ferry capsized, killing at least 12 people.
AJ Burnett said he apologized to his New York Yankees teammates Sunday for a clubhouse fit that left him with cuts on both hands.
AJ Burnett apologized to his teammates for a clubhouse fit.
The US Treasury cleared China of official accusations of currency manipulation Friday, but said progress toward allowing the yuan to appreciate was ``insufficient.''
The US Treasury cleared China of accusations of currency manipulation.
Tim McGraw has launched his new album, Southern Voice, released on October 20, 2009, with a series of national television appearances.
Tim McGraw has launched his new album, Southern Voice.
A Barrow man is facing attempted-murder charges after allegedly firing a shotgun at a pickup truck Sunday morning, according to North Slope Borough police.
A Barrow man is facing charges after firing a shotgun at a pickup truck.
Police in Clermont County have identified a suspect who is accused of stealing metal storm grates.
Police have identified a suspect who is accused of stealing metal storm grates.
Directors of Tennant Company today declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of 14 cents per share payable September 15, 2010, to shareholders of record August 31, 2010.
Directors of Tennant Company today declared a regular quarterly cash dividend.
HSBC PLC said Monday it is shutting down its Mettawa-based consumer lending operation, which includes the former Household Finance Corp. and Beneficial branch networks.
HSBC PLC said it is shutting down its consumer lending operation.
`` A $5,000 gift from the Hitachi Foundation and the Community Action Committee will enable Big Brothers Big Sisters to expand its after-school program in Watsonville.
A gift will enable Big Brothers Big Sisters to expand.
THE Jetset town of Nadi came alive yesterday during the opening of the Vodafone-sponsored Bula Festival.
THE Jetset town came alive.
A new weight loss pill called Qnexa promises dramatic results, but is it safe.
A weight loss pill promises dramatic results.
Oil rose back above $80 today to a fresh seven-week high after stronger-than-expected US and Chinese economic data raised hopes of demand recovery in the world's largest consumers.
Oil rose above $ 80.
Another air disaster was averted at the Mumbai airport, early on Friday when a Kingfisher flight was given an all clear for landing at a place where a Spicejet flight was already stationed, due to a technical fault.
Another air disaster was averted at the Mumbai airport.
Miley Cyrus is saying goodbye to her Disney Channel show, ``Hannah Montana,'' a source has confirmed to Access Hollywood.
Miley Cyrus is saying to her show, Hannah Montana.
World oil prices remained mixed in Asian trade Thursday as MENA unrest and dip in US stockpiles were offset by lower demand.
Oil prices remained mixed in Asian trade.
Argentina, set to play in a revamped Four Nations from 2012, have moved a step closer to joining the tournament's governing body SANZAR, according to former Pumas captain Agustin Pichot.
Argentina have moved closer to joining SANZAR.
Officials and witnesses say a group of bicyclists on a midnight ride in Los Angeles were mowed down by a suspected drunken driver who was using a cell phone.
A group of bicyclists on a midnight ride were mowed down by a suspected drunken driver.
The entire Indian Hills Community College basketball team has been banned from post season play after a fight.
The entire basketball team has been banned after a fight.
Several area H1N1 influenza vaccine clinics scheduled for this week have been canceled due to vaccine not arriving as expected.
Area H1N1 clinics have been canceled.
NATO could help stabilise the Middle East if a broad peace deal is eventually reached, the alliance's secretary general said on Saturday, but he said that was a distant prospect.
NATO could help stabilise the Middle East if a peace deal is reached.
GERMANY legend Franz Beckenbauer has blasted France after their dismal 2-0 defeat against Mexico on Thursday left them on the verge of an early exit.
Franz Beckenbauer has blasted France after their dismal 2 0 defeat against Mexico.
Premier League Sunderland were knocked out of the FA Cup by Championship side Bolton Wanderers on a busy night of third round replays on Tuesday.
Sunderland were knocked out of the FA Cup.
India's largest conglomerate Reliance Industries Ltd on Tuesday announced that it has signed a joint venture with Moscow-based petrochecmical firm Sibur to produce butyl rubber for the auto industry.
Reliance Industries Ltd announced it has signed a joint venture with firm to produce butyl rubber for the auto industry.
NORWEGIAN rider Edvald Boasson Hagen won the Eneco Tour for the second time after the Sky rider took the sixth and final stage.
Edvald Boasson Hagen won the Eneco Tour.
Channel Tunnel operator Eurotunnel has announced an increase in revenues of 10 per cent.
Eurotunnel has announced an increase in revenues.
A female suicide bomber has left 15 people dead in Iraq over the weekend.
A female suicide bomber has left 15 people dead in Iraq.
Deepika Padukone denies reports that she has been approached for Rohit Shetty`s 'Chennai Express' opposite her first big screen co-star Shah Rukh Khan.
Deepika Padukone has been approached for Rohit Shetty`s ' Chennai Express.
A federal judge in Chicago has ordered Governor Rod Blagojevich released on his own recognizance Tuesday after the Democrat was hit with federal corruption charges.
Rod Blagojevich released on his own recognizance.
The latest introduction in the market has been done by HTC, which recently launched its newest Sensation XE smartphone in India.
HTC launched its smartphone in India.
The rail network needs to be able to carry a 39 percent heavier weight than it now can, according to a study released this week.
The rail network needs to be able to carry a 39 percent heavier weight.
US thrifts lost $5.4 billion in the second quarter and set aside a record amount to cover losses from bad mortgages and other loans.
US thrifts lost $ 5.4 billion.
The CBRE survey on global retail expansion revealed that Dubai ranked second most targeted city by international retailers and the UAE as the world's second most international retail market.
Dubai ranked second most targeted city by international retailers.
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc., the investment bank liquidating in bankruptcy, said it was seeking a total of $11 billion from Barclays Plc, including a $5 billion ``windfall'' allegedly gained by the UK bank when it bought Lehman's North American brokerage.
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. was seeking a total of $ 11 billion from Barclays Plc.
Pope Benedict XVI beatified Pope John Paul II before 1.5 million faithful in St. Peter's Square and surrounding streets Sunday, moving the beloved former pontiff one step closer to possible sainthood in one of the largest turnouts ever for a Vatican Mass.
Benedict XVI beatified John Paul II before 1.5 million faithful.
Bafana Bafana international Bevan Fransman will join Macbeth Sibaya and Bernard Parker in the UEFA Champions League group stages after his Israeli side Hapoel Tel Aviv beat Austria's Red Bull Salzburg over two legs in their play-off.
Bevan Fransman will join Macbeth Sibaya and Bernard Parker.
``This morning Amazon informed my staff that it has ceased to host the WikiLeaks website,'' Joe Lieberman, an independent senator from Connecticut, said.
Amazon has ceased to host the WikiLeaks website.
Tokyo rubber futures fell 2 percent on Friday on profit-taking after recent rises, but prices were likely to rebound next week after finishing above a strong support level of 310 yen, dealers said.
Tokyo rubber futures fell.
Oracle has won a copyright infringement lawsuit against managed service provider ServiceKey and its CEO, Angela Vines.
Oracle has won a copyright infringement lawsuit against ServiceKey.
A man suspected of sexually assaulting a 14-year-old boy at Nelson's Tahunanui Beach may have been seen in the area on previous nights by other people, police say.
A man suspected may have been seen.
Ares Management LLC announced today that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire AREA Property Partners, LP, a top-tier real estate management firm investing across North America, Europe and India.
Ares Management LLC has signed a agreement to acquire AREA Property Partners.
Marks \u0026 Spencer intends to open its first store in Egypt at the Dandy Mega Mall - a popular shopping destination in the nation's capital Cairo.
Marks \u0026 Spencer intends to open its first store in Egypt.
The giant panda cub born a week ago at the National Zoo in Washington died Sunday morning, saddening zoo officials and visitors who had heralded its unexpected arrival.
The giant panda cub born at the National Zoo died.
JD Hayworth, a conservative radio talk show host, left KFYI 550 AM on Jan. 22 as he appears to be preparing to run against Senator John McCain in this year's Republican Primary.
JD Hayworth, a conservative talk show host, left KFYI.
North Korea has released a new propaganda video that shows President Obama and United States troops in flames and credits Washington with leading the impoverished country to become a proud nuclear power.
North Korea has released a video that shows Obama troops in flames.
In one of its most significant shift in business model, computer education major NIIT will offer courses directly on student's tablets and desktops, via what it calls a cloud campus.
NIIT will offer courses directly on student's tablets and desktops, via it calls a cloud campus.
Car maker Saab has filed for bankruptcy, giving up a desperate struggle to stay in business after previous owner General Motors blocked takeover attempts by Chinese investors.
Car maker Saab has filed for bankruptcy.
A distressed Shaun Tait says he is exploring his legal options after Delhi police cleared him of involvement in the Indian Premier League spot-fixing scandal.
A Shaun Tait is exploring his legal options.
Pearl Jam topped the US pop album chart for the first time in 13 years on Wednesday, ending the two-week reign of rapper Jay-Z. The veteran Seattle rockers sold 189,000 copies of their ninth studio album ``Backspacer,'' during the week ended September 27, according to Nielsen SoundScan.
Pearl Jam topped the chart for the first time in 13 years.
The Northfield police chief could lose his badge for allegedly falsifying training records for himself and other officers.
The Northfield police chief could lose his badge.
Lassila continues strong comeback Updated: 21:52, Sunday January 20, 2013 Lydia Lassila's comeback to aerial skiing continues to gather momentum, the defending Olympic Games gold medallist pocketing her third World Cup podium finish from four starts on Saturday.
Lassila continues strong comeback continues.
A Georgian journalist known for his criticism of Georgian authorities during the war against Russia has asked for political asylum in the Russian-backed breakaway region of South Ossetia, RFE/RL's Russian Service reports.
A Georgian journalist has asked for asylum in the region of South Ossetia.
Great news for our readers, as N4BB will be covering BlackBerry 10′s launch globally.
News, as N4BB will be covering BlackBerry 10 ′ s launch globally.
The BSE Sensex briefly turned negative on Friday afternoon, as traders locked gains after the rally this week.
The BSE Sensex briefly turned negative.
WASHINGTON - Rep. John Murtha has been hospitalized in intensive care stemming from complications related to gallbladder surgery.
John Murtha has been hospitalized in intensive care.
Marriott International has launched a sustainable seafood program called ``Future Fish,'' making it the first, large global hotel chain to adopt such a policy, Hotel Check-In has learned.
Marriott International has launched a sustainable seafood program.
The Community College of Aurora announced this week it will offer new scholarships aimed directly at students who may have lost their jobs as a result of the recession.
The Community College of Aurora announced it will offer new scholarships.
A 20-year-old man was found guilty Wednesday of armed robbery and second-degree burglary in connection with a Jan. 1, 2010, incident, and was sentenced to 30 years in prison.
A man was found guilty and was sentenced to 30 years.
Former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher died Monday morning at the age of 87.
Margaret Thatcher died at the age of 87.
Mexican Esteban Gutierrez will race for Sauber next season alongside Germany's Nico Hulkenberg, the Formula One team said on Friday.
Esteban Gutierrez will race for Sauber.
Now CBS4 has confirmed Romney will visit the town of Craig on Tuesday.
Romney will visit the town of Craig on Tuesday.
Gartmore, the London-based money manager which has been among the most astute investors in the Irish stock market for the past two decades, plans to raise more than £400m in its initial public offering.
Gartmore plans to raise more than £ 400m in its initial offering.
TurboHercules Inc. announced today that it will be showcasing Hercules, the popular open source mainframe emulator, at Intel Developer Forum September 22-24 in San Francisco.
TurboHercules Inc. will be showcasing Hercules, the open source mainframe emulator, at Intel Developer Forum September 22.
Aflac Inc., the insurer that lost more than a third of its market value in New York trading last week, gained as much as 14 percent after Citigroup Inc. said concerns about the insurer's investments are ``overdone.''
Aflac Inc. gained after Citigroup Inc. said concerns are overdone.
Mogadishu -Violence between Islamist militias of Al-shabab and Somali national forces backed by the African union peacekeeping forces still continues consecutively in the capital Mogadishu , reports said.
Violence continues in the capital Mogadishu.
A Poynor man was sentenced to 20 years in prison last week after pleading to a lesser charge in a capital murder case, according to information from the Montgomery County District Attorney's office.
A Poynor man was sentenced to 20 years.
Two men have been charged in Tulsa federal court with sex trafficking on allegations that they forced a Mexican woman to engage in prostitution, according to an indictment unsealed Tuesday.
Two men have been charged in Tulsa court with sex trafficking.
REIGNING Wimbledon champion and world number three Petra Kvitova put holders Czech Republic through to the Fed Cup final by beating Italy's Francesca Schiavone here on Sunday.
Petra Kvitova put Czech Republic through to the Fed Cup final.
Various parts of Karachi on Friday received moderate rain with thunderstorm, Geo News reported.
Parts of Karachi received moderate rain.
Thai police cleared away protesters blocking a road to Parliament on Tuesday after they had vowed to stop Prime Minister Somchai Wongsawat from delivering his maiden policy speech.
Thai police cleared protesters blocking a road to Parliament.
An Israeli army patrol came under gunfire from inside Jordan early on Tuesday, the army said, adding that no one was hurt in the rare attack that comes amid Israel's war on Hamas in Gaza.
An Israeli army patrol came under gunfire from inside Jordan, the army said.
Australians want their leaders to be part of the solution, not part of the problem, Treasurer Wayne Swan says.
Australians want their leaders to be part of the solution not.
Music mogul Simon Cowell was pelted with eggs by a failed contestant from last year's talent show ``Britain's Got Talent''.
Simon Cowell was pelted with eggs.
Gerhard Gribkowsky has been sentenced to eight and a half years in prison for crimes including bribery, with Bernie Ecclestone described by German prosecutors as an ``accomplice''.
Gerhard Gribkowsky has been sentenced to eight and a half years in prison.
A major new assessment says that three-quarters of the world''s coral reefs are at risk due to overfishing, pollution, climate change and other factors.
Three-quarters of the world s coral reefs are at risk due to overfishing climate change.
Three state park swimming beaches have been temporarily closed for water quality issues, according to the Missouri Department of Natural Resources.
Three state park beaches have been temporarily closed for water quality issues.
A new youth male chorus for high school and college age singers is being formed, sponsored by the Greater Knoxville Chapter of the Barbershop Harmony Society and the Smokyland Sound Chorus.
A new youth male chorus is being formed.
The Heart Attack Grill famous for its non healthy food and extra large servings opened up in Dallas.
The Heart Attack Grill opened up in Dallas.
CIVIC leaders from 60 industrial local authorities are to meet for the first time this year in Scunthorpe to discuss the future of the steel industry.
CIVIC leaders are to meet to discuss the future of the steel industry.
MyOfficePortal.org lists seven reasons why you should make the switch and upgrade to Windows 7.
Why you should make and upgrade to Windows 7.
Yahoo is laying off 2,000 employees as new CEO Scott Thompson sweeps out jobs that don't fit into his plans for turning around the beleaguered Internet company.
Yahoo is laying off 2,000 employees.
German tenor Peter Hofmann, a Wagner specialist who later turned to pop music and musicals, died overnight at the age of 66, media reports said on Tuesday.
German tenor Peter Hofmann died.
A gas station on US 61 North was robbed Sunday night -- with a bottle of beer.
A gas station was robbed -- with a bottle of beer.
A sixth-grade student was found unconscious in gym class.
A student was found unconscious in gym class.
The Mumbai attacks were partly planned in Pakistan and several of the known suspects are being held, Pakistan's top civilian security official has said.
The attacks were partly planned in Pakistan.
Manchester City striker Carlos Tevez has been banned from driving for six months after ignoring police letters about speeding offences because he did not understand the word 'constabulary'.
Carlos Tevez has been banned from driving after ignoring police letters.
``Iran is closer to getting an (atomic) bomb than is thought,'' Netanyahu said in remarks to cabinet ministers, quoted by an official from his office.
Iran is closer to getting an (atomic) bomb than is thought.
Oil rose on Wednesday toward $81 a barrel after US government data showed an unexpected decline in US crude inventories, and the US Federal Reserve said it plans to keep interest rates low.
Oil rose toward $ 81.
Veteran CPI leader and one of the founding fathers of the party's Tamil Nadu unit in the 1930s, C. Subramaniam passed away in Chennai on Sunday.
Veteran CPI leader, C. Subramaniam passed away.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said on Thursday that Israel ``would not dare attack Iran'', after Israel said it tested a missile following warnings against Iran's controversial nuclear program.
Israel would not dare attack Iran.
Despite many parts of Joburg experiencing power outages in the past few weeks, City Power insists that residents have never had it so good.
Residents have never had City Power so good.
Kochi, Jun 29 As the solar panel scam continued to rock the state, Kerala Chief Minister Oomen Chandy today assured that the guilty would not be spared.
The guilty would not be spared.
East Ridge girls swimming and diving team members Jenna Karrow, Bailee Meyer and Alyssa Kong each earned All-State honors with their finishes at the Class A state meet, held last week at the University of Minnesota Aquatic Center.
East Ridge girls swimming and diving members, earned.
Clarke tipped to win the AB Medal Updated: 21:05, Sunday February 26, 2012 Michael Clarke is almost certain to cap a sensational first season as Test skipper with his third Allan Border Medal on Monday night.
Clarke tipped to win the AB Medal Updated.
Advisor to PM on textile Dr. Mirza Ikhtiar Baig has said that consistency in economic policies build trust among investors.
Consistency in economic policies build trust among investors.
Novotechnik introduces the TX2 series of position sensors with stroke lengths up to 300 mm. The new sensor is sealed to IP67 and has an 18 mm diameter housing size.
Novotechnik introduces the TX2 series of position sensors lengths.
With the Diamond Jubilee celebrations marking the start of a busy summer filled with many public events in addition to the school holidays, police in Hampshire and the Isle of Wight will be placing additional focus on tackling anti-social behaviour again this summer.
Police will be placing focus on tackling anti-social behaviour this summer.
A man holds a sign depicting Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy as a devil during a protest against government austerity measures in central Madrid July 19, 2012.
A man holds a sign depicting Spanish Minister Mariano Rajoy as a devil during a protest against measures in central Madrid.
The Twins have no set timetable for the return of Aaron Hicks, who began his rehab assignment on Tuesday night with Triple-A Rochester.
Aaron Hicks began his rehab assignment with Triple-A Rochester.
Shinya Aoki, widely considered to be the number two lightweight in the world, will move up to welterweight to participate in the 2009 DREAM Welterweight Grand Prix.
Shinya Aoki will move up to welterweight.
Michael Essien has returned to Chelsea for treatment after his season-long loan at Real Madrid was put on hold.
Michael Essien has returned to Chelsea for treatment.
Turkey and India issued joint declarations on combating terrorism and scientific \u0026 technological cooperation during Turkish President Abdullah Gül's visit to India.
Turkey and India issued declarations on combating terrorism and scientific \u0026 technological cooperation.
Amitabh is discharged from the hospital, Bachchan was admitted on his birthday, Oct 11.
Amitabh is discharged from the hospital.
``Republican Presidential candidate, Texas Gov. Rick Perry speaks at the ISO Poly Films plant, Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2011, in Gray Court, SC Perry on Wednesday said that he has ''no doubt`` that President Barack Obama is an American citizen.
Candidate said Rick Perry has no doubt Barack Obama is an American citizen.
A Washington County personal care home operator is appealing the revocation of one license and the downgrade of three others at a complex in Canonsburg.
A Washington County care home operator is appealing the revocation and the downgrade.
SuperGeo Technologies, the leading global provider of complete GIS software and solutions, announced that Japan Hiroshima University selected SuperPad 3 through Information \u0026 Science Techno-System Co., Ltd., SuperGeo�s reseller in Japan.
Japan Hiroshima University selected SuperPad 3.
Raw cotton remained steady on Friday despite a fall in the international market, dealers said.
Raw cotton remained steady.
Woolworths Ltd. said Friday first-half net profit rose 11.4% from a year earlier and announced a stock buyback that would give as much as 355 million Austrlian dollars back to shareholders.
Woolworths Ltd. said profit rose 11.4%.
China has reported its first death of A/H1N1 influenza on Tuesday, according to a Health Ministry statement on its website.
China has reported its first death of A H1N1 influenza.
Smartphone use is expected to increase exponentially over the coming months, and mobile commerce sales are forecast to reach US$10 billion in 2012, an increase from only US$6 billion in 2011, according to Ingrid Froelich at SDL Web Content Management Solutions, who here explains how marketers can get closer to these valuable mobile customers.
How marketers can get closer to these mobile customers.
FUEL thefts are on the increase in Bolton due to rocketing increases in petrol prices caused by unrest in the Middle East, a motoring retailer claims.
FUEL thefts are on the increase.
Robert C. Truax, a retired Navy captain and pioneering rocket engineer whose adventurous projects included working with daredevil Evel Knievel and building a rocket in his backyard, has died.
Robert C. Truax, a captain whose projects included working with Evel Knievel, has died.
San Diego police Friday named a suspect in the shooting death of a self-employed cab driver in La Jolla and asked for the public's help in tracking him down.
Police named a suspect in the shooting death of a cab driver.
Srinagar, Aug 29 Curfew was today clamped in parts of Srinagar, Kupwara and Kralpora towns and restrictions were imposed on people''s movement in Hyderpora and Budgam towns in view of a shutdown call by separatists across the Kashmir Valley.
Srinagar, Curfew was today clamped.
A LETHAL cocktail of alcohol and drugs killed a popular Malvern man at a homeless shelter, an inquest has heard.
A cocktail of alcohol and drugs killed a popular Malvern man.
Iconic country music legend, Country Hall of Famer and most recently a Kennedy Center Honoree, Merle Haggard is releasing a new album, Working In Tennessee, on October 4th.
Merle Haggard is releasing a new album.
A triple-whammy storm was expected to slam parts of the Northland today, dropping huge dollops of snow on northern Wisconsin and bringing nasty winds with bitter cold for the entire region.
A storm was expected to slam parts of the Northland.
A Lake Worth man was shot in front of his daughter during an attempted robbery early Thursday morning.
A Lake Worth man was shot in front of his daughter.
THE shattered mother of serial killer Colin Norris yesterday told the Sunday Mail: ``I was so proud of him.''
I was so proud.
Internet, video and other cloud services, which comprise information communications and technology industry, spews more than 830 million tonnes of carbon dioxide annually, researchers found.
Internet, spews more than 830 million tonnes of carbon dioxide.
``China stole the show in the carrier VoIP and IMS markets in the first quarter of 2010,'' said Diane Myers, directing analyst for service provider VoIP and IMS at Infonetics Research.
China stole the show in the carrier VoIP and IMS markets.
A state panel is suggesting a $1 increase in Illinois license plate fee to encourage usage of electric cars.
A panel is suggesting a $ 1 increase in license plate fee.
A Superior Court judge has upheld a $4.5 million verdict against Cambridge for retaliating against a city employee who filed a discrimination complaint.
A judge has upheld a $ 4.5 verdict against Cambridge.
A Minnesota man is in federal custody for allegedly threatening buildings in North Dakota's largest city.
A man is in custody for threatening buildings.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan had Thursday a phone conversation on the initiative of Mrs. Clinton, who invited the RA President to Washington to attend a Nuclear Security Summit.
Clinton invited the RA President to Washington.
Further rates cuts are needed to kick start recovery in the construction industry after the national dwelling commencements fell sharply in the September quarter, according the Master Builders Association.
Further rates cuts are needed.
A prominent Uzbek rights activist says her son has been injured in a knife attack in the capital, Tashkent, RFE/RL's Uzbek Service reports.
A prominent Uzbek rights activist says her son has been injured in a knife attack.
In a speech delivered at the White House, President Obama said, ``These are extraordinary times,'' adding, ``At a time of such great challenge for America, no single issue is as fundamental to our future as energy.''
Obama said no single issue is fundamental to our future as energy.
Crude prices fell Tuesday on energy demand concerns as the US economy continues to struggle, Xinhua informed.
Crude prices fell on demand concerns.
Now, we've learned the City of Tulsa set a new water usage record on Saturday.
The City of Tulsa set a water usage record.
A domestic violence suspect got stuck in the ceiling of his Gilbert home while trying to escape from police officers early Monday morning.
A suspect got stuck in the ceiling of his Gilbert home.
Prime minister Manmohan Singh said on Tuesday that the country's nuclear energy programme has allowed India to ``think big'' and that power from nuclear plants would reduce its over dependence on fossil fuels and combat climate change over the next decades.
The country's nuclear energy programme has allowed India to think big.
A former high school football star has been sentenced to 10 years in prison with a possibility of serving a majority of it on probation for robbing three woman at gunpoint in August.
A former high school football star has been sentenced to 10 years in prison.
If Shekhar Gupta, Editor-in-Chief, Indian Express, is to be believed, ``We have got freedom, but we don't know how to deal with it. We are scared of our freedom.''
We have got freedom, but we don't know how to deal.
White House spokesman Jay Carney says US aid to Pakistan is always under review and cautioned Pakistan to address possible links between its government and militants from Afghanistan.
White House spokesman Jay Carney says US aid to Pakistan is always under review.
This first major troop deployment under Mr Obama comes as his administration reviews US policy in Afghanistan.In his statement authorizing additional deployment of troops Tuesday President Obama said ``I do it today mindful that the situation in Afghanistan and Pakistan demands urgent attention and swift action.''
The situation in Afghanistan and Pakistan demands attention and swift action.
Former Haryana chief minister Om Prakash Chautala on Wednesday backed a Khap leader's statement that girls should be married early to prevent rapes, according to a report.
Girls should be married early to prevent rapes.
The Last of Us is the No.1 selling video game in Japan for the week ended June 23, according to figures released by Media Create.
The Last of Us is the No.1 selling in Japan.
Yemeni officials claim that 21 suspected al Qaeda militants have been killed in clashes with troops in southern Yemen.
21 suspected al Qaeda militants have been killed in clashes in Yemen.
VIP security in Delhi will be trimmed very soon following a directive from Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, home minister Sushilkumar Shinde has said.
VIP security in Delhi will be trimmed.
Three people were injured Monday in Callaway County when a driver had a seizure while driving on I-70.
Three people were injured when a driver had a seizure while driving on I 70.
A Te Anau farmer says she's never seen snow like that on her farm on Sunday.
A farmer's never seen snow.
Former Darwin Lord Mayor Peter Adamson has been released from jail after serving time for stealing.
Peter Adamson has been released from jail.
Bobby Brown won't be banned from the invitation-only New Jersey funeral of his ex-wife Whitney Houston, a source close to Brown told ABC News.
Bobby Brown won't be banned from the funeral of his ex-wife Whitney Houston.
Carlyle Group just closed a $1.3bn distressed debt fund, and Providence Equity Partners is raising $1bn for its first debt fund to date, Investment Dealers' Digest reported, citing undisclosed sources.
Carlyle Group closed a $ 1.3bn distressed debt fund.
A Westmont woman in her 70s has died from West Nile virus, the DuPage County Health Department confirmed Tuesday.
A Westmont woman has died from West Nile virus.
Details of who he is, whence he came and who he showed porn to have been coming out in dribs and drabs.
Details of who he is.
``She's sharp for her age, a smart woman. She worked hard all her life,'' said Stew, 49.
She's sharp for her age.
One person in Gaston County was tested for swine flu Friday, but the test from the state lab came back negative, according to Gaston County Health Director Colleen Bridger.
One person in Gaston County was tested for swine flu.
Indian Railways will set up five sports academies at Delhi, Secunderabad, Chennai, Kolkata and Mumbai as its contribution to the encouragement of sports in the country, Railway Minister Mamata Banerjee announced in Parliament.
Indian Railways will set up five sports academies.
A first-ever national mental health strategy has been developed for Canada.
A national mental health strategy has been developed.
A former Wichita pastor and USD 259 school board member is accused of sexual misconduct at his new church in Dallas.
A former Wichita pastor and school board member is accused of sexual misconduct.
The British Queen is to cut her spending by nearly 200,000 pounds this year, and has imposed a pay freeze on her senior staff in the wake of the economic crisis in the UK, a media report said.
The British Queen is to cut her spending.
By WIRE SERVICES Alec Baldwin will receive the 2,433rd star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on Monday, honoring a career which has included appearing in more than 40 films, winning two Emmy awards and hosting ''Saturday Night Live'' a record-tying 15 times.
By Alec Baldwin will receive the star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Striker Nicolas Anelka was thrown off France's World Cup squad Saturday after reportedly insulting coach Raymond Domenech.
Nicolas Anelka was thrown off France's World Cup squad.
Tajik and Kyrgyz security council secretaries heading government delegations met in Khujand
Tajik and Kyrgyz security council secretaries met in Khujand.
Congress on Saturday said it would not quit from ministry in West Bengal despite chief minister Mamata Banerjee stating that it was free to leave the alliance, stressing that it would remain in the government as long as the people desired.
Congress would not quit from ministry in West Bengal.
Staples Inc., the Framingham-based office products retailer, said it held a dedication ceremony today to unveil the largest single rooftop solar power installation in Maryland at the company's 200,200-square-foot fulfillment center in Hanover, Md.
Staples Inc. held to unveil the rooftop solar installation.
Republican Sen. John McCain told voters in this key electoral state Tuesday he was personally tested by the same kind of crisis that Democratic vice presidential nominee Sen. Joe Biden warned that Sen. Barack Obama will almost certainly face if elected president.
John McCain was tested.
Rutgers head women's basketball coach C. Vivian Stringer will attend a White House dinner on Thursday evening, March 19 as part of Women's History Month.
Rutgers head women's coach C. Vivian Stringer will attend a White House dinner.
Bloomsbury-- the publisher of the Harry Potter books--has denied plagiarism claims made against Harry Potter author JK Rowling.
Bloomsbury has denied plagiarism claims made against JK Rowling.
The World Bank Wednesday said it had approved a $232 million loan for road projects in the Philippines which includes measures to prevent a repeat of earlier corruption allegations.
World Bank had approved a $ 232 million loan in the Philippines.
Retired Judge Salim Jreissati was appointed Friday as the new labor minister, replacing his predecessor Charbel Nahhas, and Prime Minister Najib Mikati announced that Cabinet sessions would resume Monday.
Salim Jreissati was appointed as the new labor minister.
Blackburn have issued a statement to deny they have missed a payment due to Dundee United for striker David Goodwillie.
Blackburn have issued to deny they have missed a payment due to Dundee United for David Goodwillie.
Leicester manager Sven-Goran Eriksson says he has failed in a bid to sign former England midfielder David Beckham from the Los Angeles Galaxy.
Sven-Goran Eriksson has failed in a bid to sign David Beckham.
Bridgit Mendler auditioned for the role of Sonny in Sonny with a Chance and although it was given to Demi Lovato instead, the execs at Disney knew there was something special about this girl.
Bridgit Mendler auditioned for the role of Sonny.
A PENSIONER got the fright of his life when he was told by Centrelink workers he was listed as dead.
A PENSIONER was told by Centrelink workers he was listed as dead.
Two men were shot last night in Jersey City, officials said.
Two men were shot in Jersey City, officials said.
Chanticleer Holdings, Inc. , announced today that it has secured a $2 million credit facility with Paragon Commercial Bank.
Chanticleer Holdings, Inc. has secured a $ 2 million credit facility.
US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said on Thursday that a strong dollar was very important to the United States.
Timothy Geithner said a strong dollar was very important.
Google Inc. today announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire AdMob, a mobile display ad technology provider, for $750 million in stock.
Google Inc. has signed a agreement to acquire AdMob for $ 750 million in stock.
The Georgia Boy Choir will perform Friday and Saturday at Peachtree Road United Methodist Church, where the choir is serving as ensemble-in-residence.
The Georgia Boy Choir will perform at Peachtree Road United Methodist Church.
The Travis County sheriff's office is investigating the death of a man whose body was found in Lake Travis Sunday afternoon.
Whose body was found in Lake Travis.
``The market is likely to open flat with positive bias taking cues from the global market. Asian market rose for a second day on optimism the US economy is weathering Europe`s sovereign- debt crisis. US market also advanced as European leaders discussed shoring up the region`s currency and investors awaited the start of the fourth-quarter earnings season,`` said SMC Global Research.
The market is likely to open flat.
Sen. Judd Gregg said Monday that he ``basically'' has an agreement on derivatives language with Sen. Jack Reed to be included in the financial regulatory bill.
Judd Gregg basically has an agreement on derivatives language.
$A dips as RBA leaves rates on hold Updated: 16:55, Tuesday April 2, 2013 $A dips as RBA leaves rates on hold Rates Dollar The Australian dollar fell by 0.1 of a US cent after the RBA rate left the cash rate unchanged at its April board meeting.
A dips as RBA leaves rates on hold.
EL CAJON, Calif. - A psychiatrist is facing disciplinary action by the Medical Board of California, accused of collecting extra narcotics from patients and distributing them to others out of a basket in his office.
EL CAJON - A psychiatrist is facing disciplinary action.
Hopes for the job market brightened Thursday ahead of a closely watched report on the nation's employment picture -- although experts cautioned that the economy probably isn't creating jobs as quickly as usual after a recession.
Hopes for the job market brightened.
Firefighters are staying busy this month in Yellowstone National Park, where they have successfully contained one fire while fire bosses are keeping an eye on several others.
Firefighters are staying busy in Yellowstone National Park.
SEZ developers are all set to move court on the MAT levy, reports CNBC-TV18.
SEZ developers are set to move court on the MAT levy.
The Marsh is proud to present Marilyn Pittman's It's All The Rage:
It 's.
Colorado Rockies right-hander Kip Wells will have surgery Tuesday for a blood clot in his right hand.
Kip Wells will have surgery for a blood clot in his hand.
Bloomberg Businessweek has apologized for publishing a racist cover image that has vile depictions of blacks and Hispanics.
Bloomberg Businessweek has apologized for publishing a racist cover image.
Sen. Edward M. Kennedy was being released from the hospital today to return to his home in Cape Cod and begin charting treatment for a cancerous brain tumor that experts say is almost certainly fatal.
Edward M. Kennedy was being released from the hospital today.
PokerTek, Inc., , the industry pioneer and worldwide leader in automated poker tables and related software, today reported that it has applied to transfer its securities from The NASDAQ Global Market to The NASDAQ Capital Market.
PokerTek Inc. has applied to transfer from The NASDAQ Global Market.
AC Milan striker Mario Balotelli said on Friday, he was sorry for missing some scoring chances in the friendly against Brazil.
Mario Balotelli said, he was sorry for missing some chances against Brazil.
Two people were jailed on various drug charges Friday after authorities executed a search warrant in White Township.
Two people were jailed on drug charges.
Melbourne nightclub drug blitz nets 23 Updated: 20:09, Monday April 22, 2013 Police have arrested more than 20 people in a crackdown on young Melbourne partygoers popping pills after dawn.
Melbourne nightclub drug blitz nets 23 Updated 20:09.
A door to door salesman is accused of assaulting a man who refused to buy what he was selling.
A door to door salesman is accused of assaulting.
IOC President Jacques Rogge visited Qingdao city, the location of the 2008 Summer Games Olympic Sailing events on Monday, August 19.
IOC President Jacques Rogge visited Qingdao city.
Pakistan Captain Younis Khan has desired that his appeal should be heard in front of the media where as appeals judge Irfan Qadir said other Pakistani players facing PCB bans and fines, were in favour of a closed door hearing.
Captain Younis Khan has desired his appeal should be heard in front of the media.
In a ruling which could pave the way towards huge lawsuits against tobacco companies, the top US court on Monday said smokers can sue over the allegedly deceptive marketing of ``light'' cigarettes.
Smokers can sue over the marketing of light cigarettes.
Dennis Kucinich, a US Congressman from Ohio, told a newspaper in Cleveland Thursday that he will be dropping out of the presidential race.
A Congressman will be dropping out of the presidential race.
Actress Keira Knightley has won rave reviews for her debut performance in the West End production of The Misanthrope.
Keira Knightley has won rave reviews for her debut performance in the West End production.
The entire Fiji rugby board has been forced to step down by Government intervention after an alleged mismanagement of a lottery.
The Fiji board has been forced to step down.
Italy will be showcasing a temporary exhibition of 265 innovation projects at the Shanghai Expo to promote the country's technological excellences and know- how, officials said Wednesday.
Italy will be showcasing a exhibition of 265 innovation projects at the Shanghai Expo.
Jody Powell, press secretary to former President Jimmy Carter and one of his most trusted advisers, died of a heart attack Monday at his home on Maryland's Eastern Shore.
Jody Powell died of a heart attack.
People who eat a Mediterranean diet comprised of large amounts of vegetables and fish live longer, is the unanimous result of four studies by the Sahlgrenska Academy, Sweden.
People who eat a Mediterranean diet live longer.
Sen. Edward M. Kennedy was diagnosed with a malignant brain tumor after suffering a seizure at his home on May 17, 2008.
Edward M. Kennedy was diagnosed with a malignant brain tumor.
The Bikers, Babes and Bulls event held Wednesday night at the 212 Bait Shop, just outside of Belle Fourche, was dubbed a 'success.
The Bikers, Babes and Bulls event was dubbed a success.
Ashley Alexandra Dupré, the call girl who was involved in the sensational scandal that caused the downfall of former New York Governor Eliot Spitzer, has filed a $10 million lawsuit against ``Girls Gone Wild'' and its founder, Joe Francis.
Ashley Alexandra Dupré has filed a lawsuit against Girls Gone Wild.
An arson fire in northwest Las Vegas did about $75,000 damage to a vacant condominium, fire officials said.
An arson fire did about $ 75,000 damage to a vacant condominium.
Tech Mahindra has opened a BPO centre in Kolkata for a sitting capacity of 1,000 employees, in 50,000 square feet of prime floor space at DLF Towers.
Tech Mahindra has opened a BPO centre in Kolkata.
SYRIA is providing a 'wider array' of missiles to Hizbollah, a US diplomat said Friday, stopping short of accusing Damascus of supplying Scuds to the Lebanese Shi'ite militia.
SYRIA is providing a wider array.
A top Georgian defense official has accused Russia of trying to promote war in Abkhazia.
A Georgian official has accused Russia of trying to promote war in Abkhazia.
World Mental Health Day was marked across the globe, inlcuding Pakistan today with an aim to educate unaware individuals on Mental Health issues.
World Mental Health Day was marked, inlcuding today.
The widespread adoption of server virtualization by businesses will ``take some time'', according to an IT expert.
The adoption of server virtualization will take some time.
Movie and television studio Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. said Wednesday after the markets closed that it swung to a fourth quarter loss, as theatrical marketing and acquisition-related costs overshadowed strong revenue growth.
Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. swung to a loss.
Shots were fired into a Rock Hill home late Monday while five people, including a teenager and a 77-year-old woman, were inside sleeping.
Shots were fired into a Rock Hill home.
STX OSV reports third quarter results that include growth in revenue and operating profit of 57 percent and 52 percent respectively, compared with the same period last year, reaching NOK 3.4 billion and NOK 557 million respectively.
STX OSV reports results that include growth in revenue and profit.
Oil prices are hovering near US$80 a barrel in Asia as investors eye mixed signals on the strength of the US economy.
Oil prices are hovering $ 80 in Asia as investors eye mixed signals on the strength of the US economy.
President Pranab Mukherjee on Saturday said economic development is vital to good governance, but added that we cannot distribute the wealth which we do not possess and therefore production of wealth must necessarily be one of the predominant objectives of state policy.
Economic development is vital to good governance.
Scarlett Johansson got star number 2470 in the motion picture category on the Hollywood Walk of Fame this morning.
Scarlett Johansson got star number 2470.
45 Azeri women, including four girls suffered domestic violence in the recent two years, Azerbaijani Deputy Interior Minister Oruj Zalov stated at the parliamentary session, Dec.2.
45 Azeri women, suffered domestic violence.
Several Lewis County businesses were recently hit with fines and threatened with closure for not renewing necessary food permits.
Businesses were hit with fines and threatened with closure for not renewing food permits.
A Highland woman arrested after allegedly walking drunk down Duck Lake Road with her young child trailing behind her has pleaded no contest to a charge of child abuse.
A Highland woman has pleaded no contest to a charge of child abuse.
Clarkstown was still recovering from Hurricane Irene late Monday afternoon but was making progress.
Clarkstown was recovering from Hurricane Irene.
My hometown newspaper, the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review, which has among its readers quite a few Penn State alumni, is urging Penn State to return the Mann grant:
My newspaper, the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review is urging Penn State to return the Mann grant.
Yuzuf Raza Gilani, Pakistan prime minister told parliamentarians that it was Washington that helped create al-Qaeda during the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan.
It was Washington helped create al-Qaeda.
China has launched ``Red'' Twitter, identical to the US micro-blogging website, except that its messages are designed to promote revolutionary spirit.
China has launched Twitter.
The only independent movie theater in the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre area is closing.
The movie theater / is closing.
The home prices in the Australian capital city has fallen 0.2 per cent in August from July levels, according to latest data from research firms RP Data and Rismark International.
The home prices in the capital city has fallen 0.2 per cent in August.
Lou Holtz, who led Notre Dame to the 1988 national championship, has been named to the College Football Hall of Fame.
Lou Holtz has been named to the College Football Hall of Fame.
All eyes will be on tainted CWG OC chief Suresh Kalmadi as sources say that he is likely to appear before the CBI on Monday.
Suresh Kalmadi is likely to appear before the CBI.
Jacoby Ellsbury, who suffered a subluxation of his right shoulder Friday, will be examined again soon now that it's been almost 48 hours since the injury took place.
Jacoby Ellsbury will be examined soon now.
Who will replace the suspended Jeremy Mayfield?
Who will replace the Jeremy Mayfield.
Italy has recalled its ambassador to Brazil, protesting a recent decision there to grant political asylum to a man wanted for murders in the 1970s, according to a Jan. 27 announcement by the Italian Foreign Ministry.
Italy has recalled its ambassador to Brazil.
Corruption in business and government is a symptom of excessive greed by many in positions of power.
Corruption is a symptom of greed.
The man police dubbed the ``plaid shirt robber'' was sentenced to 20 years in prison on federal charges related to a bank robbery in Charleston.
The police dubbed the plaid shirt robber was sentenced to 20 years in prison.
Former Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords led the National Anthem on the final night of the 2012 DNC convention in Charlotte.
Gabrielle Giffords led the National Anthem on the final night of the 2012 DNC convention.
After disbanding in 2007, a home for people recovering from alcohol and drug addictions has been re-established in Cape Girardeau.
A home for people recovering from alcohol and addictions has been re-established in Cape Girardeau.
Shark Hanlon is hoping Murchu can earn a tilt at the Irish Grand National with victory in a competitive event at Navan on Monday.
Murchu can earn a tilt at the Irish Grand National with victory at Navan.
The Pepsi Bottling Group, Inc. announced three executive appointments that will strengthen the company's global management team.
The Pepsi Bottling Group,, Inc. announced three executive appointments.
Ghana midfielder Sulley Muntari joined Sunderland on loan until the end of the season from Inter Milan on Saturday.
Ghana midfielder Sulley Muntari joined Sunderland.
Concord, MA is the first town in the US to ban bottled water.
Concord, MA is the town to ban bottled water.
BOSTON ― The Red Sox have put Jacoby Ellsbury back on the 15-day disabled list after the star outfielder complained of more soreness in his ribs.
The Red Sox have put Jacoby Ellsbury back on the disabled list.
Two people received minor injuries Sunday morning in a one-car rollover south of Park Rapids.
Two people received minor injuries in a rollover south.
After whirlwind goodbyes to fans, diminutive rapper Lil Wayne was sentenced to one year in jail on Monday after he pleaded guilty on a gun possession charge in a 2007 incident.
Lil Wayne was sentenced to one year in jail.
Robinson between Main and Park and Sheridan between Hudson and Robinson will reopen to traffic on Wednesday, April 18.
Robinson between Main and Sheridan will reopen.
Iran has hanged a convicted murderer in a prison in the northern city of Qazvin, the Etemad newspaper reported on Wednesday.
Iran has hanged a murderer.
The Tallmadge girls track and field team fell to 1-1 overall and 1-1 in the Suburban League after losing an 82-55 decision to Highland April 16 in Medina.
The Tallmadge girls track and field team fell after losing to Highland April 16.
I can't give up on this Michigan State men's basketball season yet.
I can't give up yet.
Renard's Cheese is recalling bacon cold-pack cheese spread sold at its Sturgeon Bay store, because the product may be contaminated with the bacteria called Listeria monocytogenes.
Renard's Cheese is recalling spread.
Stynes steps down, leaving Demons legacy Updated: 21:22, Wednesday February 1, 2012 As he assumed the Melbourne presidency, Jim Stynes wept while speaking of his dream of watching the Demons with his grandchildren.
Stynes steps down, leaving Demons legacy.
Prime Minister Gordon Brown announced on Wednesday that Britain will scrap all cluster bombs in its arsenal, in a bid to break a deadlock at ongoing negotiations in Dublin towards banning the weapons.
Britain will scrap all cluster bombs.
Hall \u0026 Oates - are suing their own music publisher.
Hall \u0026 Oates - are suing their publisher.
HONOLULU - Hawaiian Airlines flight attendants have ratified a new contract that gives them a 15 percent raise over five years.
Hawaiian Airlines flight attendants have ratified a contract.
We're just four months away now from the August primaries and Wednesday the first candidate for governor will put his name on the ballot.
The first candidate for governor will put his name on the ballot.
The popular energy drink Red Bull is facing a nationwide ban in Germany after traces of cocaine were found in the beverage.
The drink Red Bull is facing a ban in Germany after traces of cocaine were found in the beverage.
Foreclosures in New Jersey take an average of 974 days, or more than 2 1/2 years, RealtyTrac Inc. reported Wednesday.
Foreclosures in New Jersey take an average of 974 days.
Israel asks Hungary to withdraw award Updated: 19:46, Tuesday March 19, 2013 Hungary should withdraw a state journalism award given to a TV presenter whose station was fined in 2011 for making derogatory remarks about Gypsies and Jews, Israel's ambassador says.
Israel asks Hungary to withdraw award 19:46.
A mass drill has taken place in countries around the Indian Ocean to test an early tsunami warning system.
A mass drill has taken to test an tsunami warning system.
Residents in Attleboro worked late into the evening Monday to dig out of the snow left by the weekend's winter storm.
Residents in Attleboro worked to dig out of the snow.
KAMPALA, Uganda is this week hosting the Pepsi ICC Africa Division One Under 19 World Cup qualifiers, that will have eight countries battling for the only slot left for Africa at the World Cup to be held at the United Arab Emirates in 2014.
Uganda is this week hosting Under 19 World Cup qualifiers.
Associated Newspapers plans to close freesheet London Lite, the company said today, putting 36 jobs at risk.
Associated Newspapers plans to close London Lite.
Alberto Contador won the Tour de France for a second time and Lance Armstrong capped his return to the race with an impressive third-place finish.
Alberto Contador won the Tour de France.
Ashihara karate tournament will take place in one of the Bishkek sport clubs on March 15, 2009 secretary general of the martial art's federation Nikolai Ragrin informed.
Ashihara karate tournament will take place in one of the Bishkek clubs.
International retail giant Carrefour has reported ``stable'' sales of €22.7bn for the first quarter of this year.
Carrefour has reported stable sales for the first quarter.
Apple has launched a brand new iPod Shuffle which is even smaller than the previous model!
Apple has launched a brand new iPod Shuffle.
At least 27 deaths in eight states are blamed on Hurricane Ike and its remnants.
At least 27 deaths are blamed on Hurricane Ike.
South Carolina's Senate majority leader says he will push for more recorded votes to make lawmakers more accountable to taxpayers.
South Carolina's Senate leader says he will push for more recorded votes.
The new law on abandoned watercraft is in effect as of Tuesday.
The law on abandoned watercraft is in effect.
Mayors of Shelby, Bellville, Ontario, Lexington and Mansfield endorsed Mark Romanchuk for state representative during a news conference Thursday.
Mayors, endorsed Mark Romanchuk.
Johnson \u0026 Johnson has opened doors on a new London innovation centre, the first of four regional hubs it plans to have up and running this year.
Johnson \u0026 Johnson has opened on a London innovation centre.
Private equity is gaining greater acceptance in India where rising borrowing costs and a tanking stock market have shut down other means of funding, forcing family-owned businesses to tap a source they had once shunned.
Private equity is gaining acceptance in India.
Akshay Kumar has roped in Rob Lowe for the Indo-Canadian film Breakaway, which he is co-producing.
Akshay Kumar has roped in Rob Lowe for the film Breakaway.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. Charges have been dropped against well-known Hmong leader Vang Pao in connection with an alleged plot to overthrow the government of Laos, federal prosecutors said Friday.
Charges have been dropped against Vang Pao.
Two alleged gangs of robbers have been busted by the South Delhi police in separate incidents.
Two alleged gangs of robbers have been busted.
A recent study that appeared in the medical journal The Lancet on Friday has revealed that babies born today, that is, the contemporary times, in the developed or rich countries will live up to a 100 years, going by the current patterns of life expectancy.
Babies born today, will live up to a 100 years.
Ivan Rakitic's agent admits he's met with Juve sporting director Alessio Secco, but the purpose of the get-together was not to discuss his client...
Ivan Rakitic's agent admits he's met with Juve sporting director Alessio Secco.
Magnolia Petroleum will increase output and reserves substantially in the years ahead, shareholders at today's annual general meeting will be told.
Magnolia Petroleum will increase output and reserves substantially.
New York's Legislature has adopted its latest ethics reforms, but Gov. David Paterson says he will veto the package because he wants a tougher measure.
New York's Legislature has adopted its ethics reforms.
Greece has announced that 85.8 % of private creditors holding 172 billion Euros in bonds have accepted its bond swap offer to cut the debts owed to them by struggling Greece.
Greece has announced 85.8% of private creditors have accepted its bond swap offer.
Mumbai, Sep 25 Pharmaceutical firm Strides Arcolab today said it has launched its anti-swine flu drug 'Starflu'.
Strides Arcolab has launched its anti-swine flu drug.
US military deaths in Iraq have fallen in May to the lowest monthly level in more than four years.
US deaths in Iraq have fallen in May.
A Menominee native was killed by an alleged drunk driver Sunday in a traffic crash in Cedarburg, Wisconsin near Milwaukee.
A Menominee native was killed in a crash.
Complaints from a parent and a push from a principal and school resource officer have led to tighter traffic restrictions around Sleepy Hill Middle School.
Complaints have led to tighter traffic restrictions around Sleepy Hill Middle School.
Malia Obama, daughter of the US president Obama, took out some time from her school studies to enjoy Rihhanna's concert with her friends.
Malia Obama took out to enjoy Rihhanna's concert.
Economics Writer Construction spending rose unexpectedly in August on the biggest jump in housing activity in nearly 16 years, another sign the housing sector is mounting a recovery.
Economics Writer Construction spending rose unexpectedly.
Foreign nationals owed more than RM3 million in government hospital bills in the first three months of this year.
Foreign nationals owed more than RM3 million in hospital bills.
Britain's first private dental school will open next September.
Britain's private dental school will open.
The Golden State Warriors have suspended guard/forward Stephen Jackson for two games due to conduct detrimental to the team during last night's game against the Los Angeles Lakers, the team announced today.
The Golden State Warriors have suspended / Stephen Jackson for two games due to conduct detrimental to the team.
Prague international airport was renamed after late Czech President Vaclav Havel at a ceremony on Friday, marking the 76th birthday of the country's anti-communist hero who died last year, AFP reported.
Prague airport was renamed after late President Vaclav Havel.
Since initial release earlier this year, the WorkZero platform has revolutionized cloud based project and workflow management.
The WorkZero platform has revolutionized cloud based project and management.
The 2010 South-West monsoon is likely to be normal.
The 2010 monsoon is likely to be normal.
Colocation provider Internap Network Services announced on Monday it has expanded its Houston data center at 1301 Fannin Street.
Internap Network Services announced it has expanded its Houston data center.
Simon Cowell won't wed until 2011 - to help him best promote his new X-Factor show in the US, it has been claimed.
Simon Cowell won't wed until 2011, it has been claimed.
The fatal shooting of a 29-year-old man is thought to be gang related, sources said.Police were called to Nugget Street, in the St Mary's area of Oldham, at 10.30pm on Friday to reports of a man with gunshot wounds.The injured man was taken to the Royal Oldham Hospital with a gunshot wound to the chest, where he later died, a Greater Manchester Police spokesman said.Nobody else is thought to have been injured and no arrests have been made.Anyone with information about the incident is asked to call Oldham CID on 0161 856 8951 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
The fatal shooting is thought to be gang related.
Authorities have identified the man who died after jumping off Punchbowl Falls in the Columbia River Gorge as a man from Cincinnati.
Who died after jumping off Punchbowl Falls as a man.
After giving trials in Scotland and England last year, East Bengal and India midfield general Mehtab Hossain is set for trials in the first and second tier of Spanish football this summer, his new agent Ravi Daswani confirmed to Sportskeeda on Wednesday.
East Bengal and India midfield Mehtab Hossain is set for trials in the tier of Spanish football.
Indochino has introduced 40 character suit monogramming, the worlds first and longest clothing messaging system.
Indochino has introduced 40 character suit monogramming.
Government offices and courts in the capital opened on Wednesday after a long holiday, including the Eid-ul-Fitr vacation, though the usual buzz was amiss due to presence of fewer staff.
Offices opened after a long holiday.
CITIGROUP Inc sued Morgan Stanley on Friday for breach of contract, saying the Wall Street firm owed it US$245.4 million for protection it bought on a loan.
CITIGROUP Inc sued Morgan Stanley.
Gil Meche is scheduled to test his ``dead arm'' Monday with a light throwing session.
Gil Meche is scheduled to test his dead arm Monday.
Guyana has met its food security obligation and is now generating wealth for local farmers.
Guyana has met its food security obligation.
AP Photo NYET179 NEW YORK Joaquin Phoenix is quitting movies to focus on music.
Joaquin Phoenix is quitting movies to focus on music.
Too many big companies are shifting their profit centres to parts of the world where they can avoid paying tax, Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan said on Tuesday.
Companies are shifting their profit centres.
In a bid to ensure benefits for the common man, the Odisha government has decided to fill up the vacant posts of all the departments by relaxing the recruitment rules for field employees and officers.
The Odisha government has decided to fill up the vacant posts of the departments.
Yogurtland is setting its sites on Boston as the next US growth target as it continues its steady, fast-moving expansion across the country.
Yogurtland is setting its sites on Boston.
The last American veteran of World War I is being buried with full military honours at the prestigious Arlington National Cemetery just outside Washington, DC
The last American veteran of World War I is being buried.
South Korean communications provider KT has launched an automatic LTE roaming service in Singapore.
KT has launched an automatic LTE roaming service in Singapore.
Chinese solar panel maker LDK Solar Co Ltd, which partially defaulted on a bond payment this week, reported on Thursday its seventh straight quarterly loss as it struggles to meet looming debt payments of more than $3 billion.
LDK Solar Co Ltd reported its seventh straight quarterly loss.
Prince William has chosen his brother Prince Harry to be his best man at his forthcoming wedding.
Prince William has chosen his brother Prince Harry to be his best man.
12 hours, 26 minutes ago in Politics Former Secretary of State Colin Powell is accusing former Vice President Dick Cheney of taking ``cheap shots'' at him and others in a new book.
12 hours, 26 minutes ago in Colin Powell is accusing former Vice President Dick Cheney of taking cheap shots in a new book.
ROCHESTER, Minn. -Gallagher's manager says the comedian is recovering from a minor heart attack after collapsing during a performance in Minnesota.
The comedian is recovering from a heart attack.
Paul Craig Roberts, former Assistant Secretary to the US Treasury, says for several reasons the US is not and cannot become a democracy.
The US is not and can not become a democracy.
ES3 Marketing LLC, a leading internet information marketing training company, launches new internet marketing blog with industry news, tips, and unique strategies called ProIMer.com.
ES3 Marketing LLC, a marketing company, launches internet marketing blog.
A bus has exploded in Jerusalem, and people are being taken away on stretchers.
A bus has exploded in Jerusalem.
Imperial Petroleum, which is engaged in the production and exploration of crude oil and natural gas, has signed a term sheet with an undisclosed partner to develop its previously announced oil sands recovery technology.
Imperial Petroleum has signed a term sheet with an partner to develop its oil sands recovery technology.
The annual report on the economic well-being of US households shows the overall poverty rate rose last year to 14.3 percent.
The poverty rate rose.
David Moyes accepts that it's time he won a trophy at Everton -- perhaps while Tim Cahill is still a force to be reckoned with: ``We have been a decent team in the Premier League for quite a few years now...
It's time David Moyes won a trophy.
Microsoft (MSFT) has posted record revenues for the last quarter, with a total revenue of $16.04 billion, which is just $300 million ahead of the quarterly results posted by Apple (AAPL) just a few days ago.
(MSFT) has posted record revenues.
Tiner, who joins the FSSC board at its next meeting in July 2008 is Tiner was widely credited with bringing a new focus to the regulator, basing it around risk-based and principles-based regulation.
Tiner joins the FSSC board.
OIL hovered below $81 yesterday after data showed a jump in US crude stocks but a drop in oil product inventories, leaving uncertainty over the strength of demand recovery in the world's largest energy user.
OIL hovered below $ 81.
Ina miraculous escape, five people sustained minor injuries when the car in which they were travelling, skidded off the road and almost fell into a gorge on Sunday.The incident took place when a few youngsters, between the age group of 20 and 25 years, were returning from Jaigarh fort, a police official said.
Five people sustained minor injuries the car, skidded off the road.
British doctors say a Pakistani girl shot in the head by Taliban fanatics will undergo one final surgery to cover the hole left in her skull with a titanium plate.
A girl shot by Taliban fanatics will undergo one final surgery.
The rotavirus vaccine is effective in protecting children against the potentially deadly disease during the first year of life but may require a booster shot after infancy to maintain efficacy, says a new study published in the in the August 2012 issue of the journal Pediatrics.
The rotavirus vaccine is effective but may require a booster shot after infancy, says a study.
Justin Bieber has announced that he is prepared to 'take a DNA test' and prove that he is not the father of Mariah Yeater's baby.
Justin Bieber is prepared to take a DNA test.
A man tried to open a door on an Alaska Airlines flight from Anchorage as it descended into Portland, authorities said.
A man tried to open a door on an Alaska Airlines flight as it descended into Portland.
Panaji, Dec 17 Hindu or saffron terrorism was a 'figment of imagination' and a phrase coined by vested interests who were working against the nation, the Vishwa Hindu Parishad said here Friday.
Hindu terrorism was a figment and a phrase coined by vested interests.
The Nasdaq Stock Market said it will ``voluntarily'' stop offering so-called flash order types, the controversial service that gives certain firms an advanced look at market-bound trading orders.
The Nasdaq Stock Market will voluntarily stop offering flash order types.
Actor and TV personality Rosie O'Donnell is engaged to her girlfriend Michelle Rounds.
Rosie O'Donnell is engaged to her girlfriend Michelle Rounds.
A man will appear in court today charged with arson offences following bushfires in the Royal National Park in Sydney's south.
A man will appear in court charged with arson offences.
A man who lead police on a chase across the North Side is now in jail.
A man who lead police on a chase across the North Side is.
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke announced no new economic stimulus measures during his speech at a conference of central bank governors in Wyoming, but left open the possibility of more action by the Fed if another downturn looks likely.
Ben Bernanke announced no new economic stimulus measures.
A US lawyer has been accused of sexism after complaining that a busty woman working for his rival was too distracting to the jury.
A US lawyer has been accused after complaining a busty woman working for his rival was distracting to the jury.
Pollack died of cancer at his home in Pacific Palisades today surrounded by his family, his agent Leslee Dart said.
Pollack died of cancer.
Jockey Aaron Gryder, who rode Well Armed to a 14-length victory in the Emirates Airline Dubai World Cup in March, will ride in Hong Kong.
Aaron Gryder will ride in Hong Kong.
under USA TODAY News Top President Obama political aide David Axelrod said little today about a past fight with Attorney General Eric Holder, but flatly denies reports that he attended high-level national security meetings.
David Axelrod said little today about a fight with Eric Holder.
Officials are investigating after a police pursuit started near Kirkwood just before 9 pm on Monday and ended in Franklin County between Gray Summit and the Washington overpass.
Officials are investigating after a police pursuit started and ended in Franklin County.
The Jacksonville Jaguars signed second-year punter Durant Brooks to a contract today, the club announced.
The Jacksonville Jaguars signed Durant Brooks to a contract.
CPN-Maoist Chairman Mohan Baidya said that the four major parties have pushed the nation towards fascism by electing Chief Justice Khil Raj Regmi as the head of the executive.
The four major parties have pushed the nation towards fascism.
First-time weekly jobless claims have jumped unexpectedly to 667,000.
Jobless claims have jumped.
No. 7 RIT men's lacrosse win Liberty League regular season title with convincing win at St. Lawrence In a battle of two nationally-ranked teams with the Liberty League regular season title on the line, No. 7 RIT sprinted out to a 7-0 halftime lead and never looked back, beating No. 17 St. Lawrence 15-5 on Saturday in the regular season finale The win clinch a share of the regular season title for the Tigers who will be the top seed in the tournament, hosting Clarkson in the semifinals next Friday.
No. 7 RIT men's lacrosse win Liberty League regular season title with convincing win at St. Lawrence.
The 24-hour strike that started at midnight caused no transport collapse, however.
The strike caused no transport collapse.
CARACAS, Venezuela Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has returned to Cuba to begin chemotherapy nearly a month after surgery to remove a tumor, and he is expressing optimism the treatment will help him survive his cancer.
Hugo Chavez has returned to Cuba to begin chemotherapy.
Railway Minister Mamata Banerjee today said that work for the Eastern freight corridor of the Railways would start next week and it will be done without any assistance from any financial institution.
Work for the Eastern freight corridor would start next week.
CONCORD, Calif. A woman was arrested after allegedly robbing a Wells Fargo bank in Concord and then trying to flee in a waiting taxicab Friday morning, a police sergeant said.
A woman was arrested after allegedly robbing a Wells Fargo bank.
Nokia Corp. said Tuesday it would lay off 1,700 people worldwide to cut costs, as the global economic downturn strikes deeper into the mobile phone sector.
Nokia Corp. said it would lay off 1,700 people worldwide to cut costs.
The United Way of Bay County is hosting a golf outing beginning at 9 am Friday at Maple Leaf Golf Course.
The United Way of Bay County is hosting a golf outing.
A bomb threat closed Stockholm's modern art museum on Tuesday, two days after an exhibit about degrading stereotypes that black people have endured prompted one Swedish organization to demand that the nation's culture minister resign.
A bomb threat closed Stockholm's modern art museum.
Former Central Intelligence Agency Executive Director Kyle ``Dusty'' Foggo pled guilty this morning to count one of an indictment charging that he defrauded the United States and its citizens of their right to his honest services, Karen P. Hewitt, United States Attorney for the Southern District of California and Chuck Rosenberg, United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia announced today.
Central Intelligence Agency Executive Director Kyle ``Dusty'' Foggo pled guilty.
Deer hunting season started early for a group of 54 disabled war veterans who had the opportunity to go hunting at Camp Ripley.
Deer hunting season started early for a group of 54 disabled war veterans.
US consumer confidence dipped in May reflecting a pessimistic view in the short term.
US consumer confidence dipped in May.
Anna Friel bared all for a star-studded audience at the opening night of her new play.
Anna Friel bared all at the opening night.
Stocks plunged again Wednesday as investors turned their attention back to the weak global economy and Europe's debt problems.
Stocks plunged again.
Insolvency specialist Begbies Traynor Group said it was trading in line with expectations , despite challenging market conditions.
Begbies Traynor Group was trading in line with expectations.
Jose Bautista made a rare appearance at first base during Thursday's 16-inning marathon against the Indians.
Jose Bautista made a rare appearance at first base.
A 31-year-old woman was attacked and raped by two men when she got off a bus in San Diego's Barrio Logan neighborhood, police said.
A woman was attacked and raped she got off a bus.
While hearing a letter filed by former justice Wajihuddin and former Chief of Jamaat-i-Islami Qazi Hussain Ahmed against obscenity aired on TV channels, Chief Justice Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry observed on Monday that TV channels are ``spreading vulgarity'' and Pemra is doing nothing to prevent it.
TV channels are spreading vulgarity.
Philippine inflation will likely remain subdued in May, which bodes well for an economy heavily reliant on domestic consumption, central bank officials said on Thursday.
Inflation will likely remain subdued.
Irvin Khoza must be a man and accept the fact that an unknown, Kirsten Nematandani, is the new president of the South African Football Association, writes iafrica.com's Khaya Ndubane.
Irvin Khoza must be a man.
Somalia authorized foreign powers to use force against pirates holding a ship loaded with tanks for $20 million ransom.
Somalia authorized to use force against pirates.
WA Premier Colin Barnett has warned fellow Liberals and media against targeting federal opposition treasury spokeswoman Julie Bishop.
Colin Barnett has warned against targeting Julie Bishop.
Lynne Hume, the estate agent from Ballito whose body was discovered in her burnt-out car near Kestell, had asked her kidnappers beforehand whether they were going to kill her, the State has alleged in its indictment against three men in the Free State High Court on Monday.
They were going to kill.
Preparation for the Oscars in Hollywood continues as people are gathering to a catch a glance of the Academy Awards while Dana Delany, Ty Burrell, Kathy Najimy and Rachael Leigh Cook are some of the celebrities that are recording public service announcements for the Creative Coalition Friday at Haven 360 while co-president Tim Daly is directing the public service of the announcements that air on ABC with the celebrities singing.
Preparation for the Oscars continues.
BLACKBURN, England -Blackburn midfielder Vince Grella was robbed at knifepoint in his home in northwest England.
BLACKBURN, Vince Grella was robbed at knifepoint in his home.
France-based efficiency specialist Schneider Electric announced it will acquire Summit Energy Services Inc., a closely held US-based energy procurement company, for $268 million.
Schneider Electric will acquire Summit Energy Services Inc..
A hot hangout on the Chippewa strip is setting its sights a few hours down the 90.
A hot hangout is setting its sights down the 90.
It seems that eBay has removed the option for buyers to ``pay one seller at a time'' from their checkout process.
EBay has removed the option to pay one seller at a time.
A judicial inquiry has been ordered into the alleged fake encounter of a youth in Manipur last month even as an organisation spearheading public protests against the killing said it would intensify its stir.
A judicial inquiry has been ordered into the fake encounter in Manipur said.
more pics ''Leighton Meester isn't exactly in the comedy scene -- she plays a high school socialite in her hit show Gossip Girl, and that's hardly a funny role -- but she really brings the laughs in her new College Humor video.
Leighton Meester plays -- but she brings the laughs in her new College Humor video.
A Jackson County man is dead after he was pinned underneath his tractor in an accident this afternoon.
A Jackson County man is dead after he was pinned underneath his tractor.
Blizzard conditions prompted authorities to close Interstate 80 across the Sierra, the main east-west link between Northern California and Nevada.
Blizzard conditions prompted to close Interstate 80.
The 49ers have filed tampering charges against the Jets regarding top San Francisco draft pick Michael Crabtree, Jets coach Rex Ryan confirmed Monday.
The 49ers have filed tampering charges against the Jets.
Barcelona defender Maxwell believes that Pep Guardiola is a better coach than Inter boss Jose Mourinho.
Pep Guardiola is a better coach than Jose Mourinho.
thesportfan1 Sharks beat Blue Jackets 3-2:
Sharks beat Blue Jackets 3 2.
The world's largest coal producer Coal India Ltd today said it may consider setting up power plants in the country to utilise excess coal.
Coal India Ltd may consider setting up power plants to utilise excess coal.
A 24-year-old substitute teacher accused of ``sexting'' with a student pleaded not guilty to luring a minor in her first court appearance Friday in Ventura County Superior Court.
A teacher accused of sexting with a student pleaded not guilty.
The Dodgers fired hitting coach Jeff Pentland on Wednesday, another dismal sign for a franchise that has fallen on hard times.
The Dodgers fired hitting coach Jeff Pentland.
Harlem churches are offering what sounds like a miracle this weekend; turning guns into cash.
Harlem churches are offering ; turning guns into cash.
Justin Timberlake has been granted an indefinite restraining order against a woman accused of stalking him.
Justin Timberlake has been granted an restraining order.
Atlanta-based hard rockers Sevendust return to Fargo for an Aug. 22 concert at Venue at the Hub.
Rockers return to Fargo.
LDK Solar Co. signed a deal to sell photovoltaic modules to EA Solar Nakornsawan Co. in Thailand.
LDK Solar Co. signed a deal to sell photovoltaic modules in Thailand.
Thermo Fisher Scientific has unveiled its new Hypersil GOLD hydrophilic interaction liquid chromatography columns.
Thermo Fisher Scientific has unveiled its liquid chromatography columns.
Two men went into Lake Springfield this afternoon when their yellow canoe capsized about 100 yards from a dock at the boathouse.
Two men went into Lake Springfield when their canoe capsized.
Manchester City are reportedly looking to make a move for Real Madrid defender Raul Albiol, as they look to capitalize on the defenders uncertain future at the Spanish club.
Manchester City are looking to make a move for Raul Albiol.
US President Obama will have lunch with House GOP leaders at the White House Wednesday, including one who said Obama's business outreach ``misses the mark.''
Obama will have lunch with House GOP leaders.
Tennis legend Martina Navratilova has been diagnosed with breast cancer, but her prognosis for recovery is said to be excellent.
Tennis legend Martina Navratilova has been diagnosed with breast cancer.
It has been confirmed by the UNWTO that Zimbabwe and Zambia will co-host the 20th session of the General Assembly of the UN World Tourism Organization from August 24-29 this year in their tourist resort towns of Victoria Falls and Livingstone.
Zimbabwe and Zambia will co-host the session of the General Assembly of the World Tourism Organization.
In a news release released Friday, NASA officials announced that Stockton Astronaut Hernandez has left NASA for a position in the aerospace industry.
Stockton Astronaut Hernandez has left NASA.
A 25-year-old housewife lodged a complaint with the Amberpet police alleging that she was raped by two men from her neighbourhood in the early hours of Sunday.
She was raped by two men from her neighbourhood.
Dewey \u0026 LeBoeuf will close three of its US offices in an attempt to focus resources in major worldwide capital markets, the New York firm announced Thursday.
Dewey \u0026 LeBoeuf will close three of its US offices.
Valentino ``Vale'' Rossi is the new brand ambassador for the chic urban small car Opel ADAM in Italy.
Valentino ``Vale'' Rossi is the new brand ambassador for the car Opel ADAM.
NEW YORK Famous Footwear has tapped Campbell Mithun as its new lead agency and appointed Willie Smith svp, marketing for the 1,100-store footwear chain, which is owned by Brown Shoe of New York.
Famous Footwear has tapped Campbell Mithun.
Lauren Pope was bombarded with compliments when she shared a bikini picture on Twitter today.
Lauren Pope was bombarded with compliments.
MEDNAX, Inc. today announced a management transition plan that will lead to the promotions of its Chief Financial Officer, Karl B.
Today announced a management transition plan MEDNAX Inc. will lead.
I wonder what Ben Hogan would think about the state of the game today.
What Ben Hogan would think.
Defense Counsel in the case of Human Trafficking involving a Namibian national says the case of human trafficking does not exist.
The case of human trafficking does not exist.
James Jeffrey, the new US ambassador to Iraq, arrived in Baghdad on Wednesday and presented his diplomatic credentials to the conflict-torn nation's head of state, the US embassy said in a statement.
James Jeffrey, the new US ambassador to Iraq, arrived in Baghdad.
WASHINGTON DC ― President Bush has declared Florida a disaster area in wake of Tropical Storm Fay.
Bush has declared Florida a disaster area.
A local teen is behind bars Sunday after investigators say he drove his car into a crowd of people, a spokesperson with the El Paso County Sheriff's Office says.
He drove his car into a crowd.
Parliament Speaker Volodymyr Lytvyn launched his official pages in the VKontakte and Facebook social networks on December 9.
Volodymyr Lytvyn launched his official pages in the VKontakte and Facebook social networks.
A South African surfer has been found alive 28 hours after falling overboard from a boat off Indonesia's Mentawai Islands.
A surfer has been found alive 28 hours after falling from a boat.
Indian equities markets slipped further into the red Friday about 90 minutes before trade ended, with a key index trading almost three percent below its previous close.
Markets slipped further.
Copper and gold producer PanAust has upgraded earnings after making an unscheduled fourth shipment of concentrate from its flagship operation in Laos during December.
PanAust has upgraded earnings.
SANA'A, July 02 - Yemen, the Netherlands and Britain discussed here on Monday the ongoing arrangements for the donor meeting to be held in Riyadh on September 4.
SANA'A, Yemen, the Netherlands and Britain discussed the arrangements for the donor meeting.
Integrity Systems and owner Louis McCray is a booming company and was recently featured in the Delta Democrat Times.
Integrity Systems Louis McCray is and was featured in the Delta Democrat Times.
SAN JOSE, Calif. James Blake won his first competitive match since October, beating qualifier Jesse Levine 7-5, 6-1 in the first round of the SAP Open on Monday.
James Blake won his first match since October.
Caracas, Feb 9 Venezuela is devaluing its currency by 31.7 percent, though the old exchange rate will be honoured for businesses and individuals with pending applications for dollars, Planning Minister Jorge Giordani said Friday.
Venezuela is devaluing its currency.
THE Catholic Church says it will respond to the call by the MMD for dialogue to resolve misunderstandings between the two organisations after a meeting of the Zambia Episcopal Conference in Lusaka next week.
THE Catholic Church will respond to the call for dialogue.
Tiger Woods announced Tuesday that he will begin his 2010 season at the Masters Tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in April.
Tiger Woods will begin his 2010 season at the Masters Tournament.
he San Diego Padres withdrew their $4 million offer to Trevor Hoffman on Monday, leaving it unclear whether they would continue to negotiate with the career saves leader.
San Diego Padres withdrew their offer to Trevor Hoffman.
Indian shares were choppy in early trade on Thursday, with weak regional peers and the last day of monthly derivatives keeping investors wary.
Indian shares were choppy.
PLANO, Texas JC Penney will stop publishing its twice-yearly ``big book'' catalogs, now that customers increasingly shop online.
PLANO, JC Penney will stop publishing its big book catalogs.
Jefferies downgraded OGE Energy from Buy to Hold and cuts its price target from $57 to $55.
Jefferies downgraded OGE Energy to Hold.
BJP State president V. Muraleedharan on Saturday demanded that political parties should desist from making political capital out of the murder of Revolutionary Marxist Party leader TP Chandrasekharan and should not intervene in the investigations.
Political parties should desist and should not intervene in the investigations.
Web host Dotster has introduced an improved hosting Application Vault, it was reported recently.
Web host Dotster has introduced an improved hosting Application Vault.
After a tragic bus crash left him with internal injuries and temporarily unable to walk, Weezer frontman Rivers Cuomo has been released from a hospital in Albany, New York.
Weezer Rivers Cuomo has been released from a hospital.
Injuries from playing football are on the rise in US, according to a new study conducted by researchers in the Center for Injury Research and Policy of The Research Institute at Nationwide Children's Hospital.
Injuries from playing football are on the rise in US.
``Today I am quitting the Congress,'' Natwar Singh said while addressing a rally of the Jat community near here.
I am quitting the Congress.
An Alexandria Police officer lost a tooth while breaking up a fight Tuesday on Yoist Street, according to a police report.
An officer lost a tooth while breaking up a fight.
NSW seek extradition for bikie members Updated: 10:30, Monday December 10, 2012 A Comanchero bikie, believed to be the national leader of the outlaw motorcycle gang, is expected to be extradited to NSW after being arrested in Queensland.
NSW seek extradition for bikie members 10:30.
The new single survey and home reports will kill off the Scottish property market, a solicitors' organisation claimed last night.
The survey and home reports will kill off the Scottish property market.
The temporary immigration cap set by home secretary Theresa May in the summer has been ruled unlawful by the High Court.
The temporary immigration cap has been ruled unlawful.
Miley Cyrus wants a ``bunch of kids'' with fiance Liam Hemsworth.
Miley Cyrus wants a bunch of kids.
August 23, 2012 9:20am Mexico ace Hector Herrera insists he not yet held talks about a move to England.
Hector Herrera not yet held talks.
Asiana, the second largest airline in Korea, attaches RFID tags to baggage checked by passengers using domestic flights or the Kimpo-Haneda route.
Asiana attaches RFID tags to baggage.
Victoria Beckham has been asked to design a suit for Lord Alan Sugar after he messaged the singer-turned-designer on Twitter.
Victoria Beckham has been asked to design for Lord Alan Sugar.
MasterCard has become the first card brand to publish its PCI fines and related requirements, a move that could be the latest signal that MasterCard wants to step out of the PCI shadow of its larger rival, Visa.
MasterCard has become the first card brand to publish its PCI fines.
Goldman Sachs is out with a research report this morning, where is suggests that traders buy 1x2 put spreads on Micron Technology.
Goldman Sachs suggests traders buy 1x2 put spreads on Micron Technology.
JP Morgan on Wednesday upgraded shares of Consol Energy to overweight from neutral.
JP Morgan upgraded shares of Consol Energy to overweight.
Iron ore demand should rise from about 800 million tonnes in 2009 to 1,800 Mt by 2025, BHP Billiton head of iron ore Ian Ashby told delegates at the annual Diggers and Dealers conference in Kalgoorlie.
Iron ore demand should rise.
The latest buzz in tinsel ville these days is that ``Kaminey'' starrer Shahid Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra will once again sizzle together in big screen.
Shahid Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra will once again sizzle together in big screen.
Marbury cleared waivers earlier in the afternoon and was quickly signed by the Celtics who have been looking for a veteran guard to backup Rajon Rondo and provide some leadership off the bench.
Marbury cleared waivers and was signed by the Celtics.
``This is fantasy becoming reality,'' Gilberto Tozzi, director of the Center of Natural Sciences in Prato, told The Associated Press.
This is fantasy becoming reality.
NBC has said that The Celebrity Apprentice could continue without Donald Trump if the businessman announced plans to run for office.
The Celebrity Apprentice could continue without Donald Trump.
FIFA warned French politicians yesterday to beware of meddling in the running of soccer amid national soul-searching and high-level meetings over the traumatic exit of Les Bleus from the World Cup.
FIFA warned French politicians.
A Clearfield County man died Monday after a worksite fuel explosion left him seriously burned.
A Clearfield County man died after a fuel explosion left.
Alex Chilton, the mercurial if influential rock musician, whose work spanned an eclectic gamut from the soul songs of the Box Tops to the multiple incarnations of his pop band Big Star, has died, The Commercial Appeal of Memphis reported.
Alex Chilton, has died.
Bank Islam Malaysia Bhd is awaiting a response from an Indonesian Islamic bank on its proposed offer to acquire between 30 per cent and 40 per cent stake, said managing director, Datuk Seri Zukri Samat.
Bank Islam Malaysia Bhd is awaiting a response from an Indonesian Islamic bank.
Bank of Marin Bancorp announced today that its Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.15 per share.
Bank of Marin Bancorp announced its Board declared a cash dividend.
O2 said it believed it had restored full service to all customers as thoughts turned to compensation among the hundreds of thousands affected by the disruption.
O2 had restored full service.
Microsoft Corp today unveiled the world's most advanced tracking technology, Microsoft BlueTrack Technology, which allows consumers to take their mice anywhere and work with confidence on more surfaces than before.
Microsoft Corp today unveiled the world's most advanced tracking technology.
Ireland has a low employment rate at 65% for the prime age cohort of the population, compared with for example 79% in Sweden.
Ireland has a low employment rate at 65%, compared with 79% in Sweden.
France on Wednesday urged its citizens to leave Ivory Coast after the UN chief warned the former French colony in West Africa faces ``a real risk'' of return to civil war following the disputed elections.
France urged its citizens to leave Ivory Coast.
As was expected, the Senate has passed the final 60-vote hurdle for the health-care legislation.
The Senate has passed the final hurdle.
A 35-year-old woman was found dead at her Aman Vihar residence in outer Delhi on Thursday morning.
A woman was found dead.
More than 2,000 Jamaicans and friends of the country from across the United Kingdom, packed the historic Methodist Central Hall in Westminster, London, on July 21, for the official service of Praise and Thanksgiving, to mark Jamaica's 50 th anniversary as an independent nation.
More than 2,000 Jamaicans and friends, packed the historic Methodist Central Hall.
The 10th annual Prostate Cancer Screening got underway on Friday at the Red Cross Headquarters in Road Town, Tortola.
The annual Prostate Cancer Screening got underway.
Los Angeles immigrant rights activists are joining a national campaign aimed at the president's promise for immigration reform.
Los Angeles immigrant rights activists are joining a national campaign.
So it comes as no surprise when it was shared that Justin sprained his knee during a recent concert.
Justin sprained his knee during a concert.
A 5-acre brush fire Monday afternoon in Wildomar burned within steps of several homes, damaging the exterior of at least one and charring several outbuildings.
A fire afternoon in Wildomar burned within steps of homes.
Assemblywoman Donna Lupardo announced today public library construction grant awards to local libraries.
Donna Lupardo announced library grant awards.
Chinese President Hu Jintao said here Wednesday that important consensus was reached during his talks with US President Barack Obama.
President Hu Jintao said important consensus was reached during his talks with Barack Obama.
Jeff Clarke has joined Augusta Columbia Capital Group as an MD in the firm's San Francisco office.
Jeff Clarke has joined Augusta Columbia Capital Group.
A man was killed over a petty dispute here near in Umerkot area on Wednesday.
A man was killed over a petty dispute near.
Islamabad, Oct 1 At least 10 people, including three foreigners, were injured today when a UN helicopter engaged in flood relief operations made a ``forced landing'' in a lake in Pakistan''s southern Sindh province.
A UN helicopter made a forced landing in Pakistan.
'Birthers' may be eyeing a march on Washington in May, meanwhile, Hawaii legislaters hope a bill will allow them to ignore repeated requests for President Obama's birth certificate.
Birthers may be eyeing a march on Washington.
Record-breaking forward Petero Civoniceva has announced he'll retire from rugby league at the end of the season.
Petero Civoniceva 'll retire at the end of the season.
Online news release distribution specialist NeonDrum has launched a free eBook offering business-to-business PR professionals its ``Top 10 Secrets of Great Online PR''.
Online news release distribution specialist NeonDrum has launched a free eBook offering its Top 10 Secrets of Great Online PR.
Finnish Prime Minister Matti Vanhanen said at a news conference in Helsinki on Monday that the EU stability package agreed on by EU finance ministers in Brussels would avert new recession.
The EU stability package agreed on would avert new recession.
Moderate social drinking significantly reduces the risk of dementia and cognitive impairment, according to an analysis of 143 studies by Loyola University Chicago Stritch School of Medicine researchers.
Moderate social drinking reduces the risk of dementia and cognitive impairment.
Juan Mata hails David de Gea for the save that prevented him from sending Chelsea through to the FA Cup semi-finals.
Juan Mata hails David de Gea for the save.
Explosions were reported Sunday night in the Libyan capital, Tripoli.
Explosions were reported in the Libyan capital.
Unit member Game will reunite with mentor Dr. Dre on his upcoming release the RED Album, which is due in stores on August 23rd.
Game will reunite with Dr. Dre on his release the RED Album.
Nicola Roberts loves The Promise Updated: 08:29, Monday September 10, 2012 Nicola Roberts favourite Girls Aloud song is 'The Promise' because they really had to fight for it to be released.
Nicola Roberts loves The Promise Updated.
Mervyn King, the governor of the Bank of England, has warned of the ``severe'' consequences of raising interest rates.
Mervyn King has warned of the consequences of raising interest rates.
The Detroit Free Press's Naomi R. Patton reports that the ever-under-covered Hockey in the Hood tournament at Detroit's Jack Adams Arena kicked off on Saturday, and it concludes today with championship games:
The Hockey in the Hood tournament kicked off, and it concludes today.
Iran executed in public three men convicted of involvement in a deadly mosque bombing in the southeast of the country, the official IRNA news agency reported yesterday.
Iran executed in three men.
Glee stars Cory Monteith, Mark Salling, Chris Colfer and Kevin McHale will be co-hosting the Teen Choice Awards next month.
Glee stars will be co-hosting the Teen Choice Awards.
This week, One Square Mile reporters Benjamin Gottlieb and Christine Trang asked employees and business owners what matters most to them about their companies and the Fox Hills area.
What matters most.
Dale Earnhardt Jr.'s fans might not have liked it, but the driver himself has no issue with Hendrick Motorsports teammate Jimmie Johnson for passing him under caution at Martinsville.
Dale Earnhardt Jr.'s fans might not have liked, but the driver himself has no issue with Jimmie Johnson for passing under caution.
19 de marzo de 2013, 15:09Belgrade, Mar 19 Serbia and Kosovo will analyze tomorrow the autonomy of the Kosovo Serb community in the seventh round of talks between both sides in Brussels, the media announced today in this capital.
Serbia and Kosovo will analyze the autonomy.
Cuba will hold a new census in September 2012, the director of the National Statistics Office said Tuesday.
Cuba will hold a new census in September 2012.
Vandals took to the north-end streets over the weekend, targeting campaign signs for the two mayoral candidates for the city of Circleville.
Vandals took, targeting campaign signs.
Photo by AFP All Parties Hurriyat Conference Chairman Mirwaiz Umar Farooq Saturday said that Kashmir issue should be resolved on priority basis.
Kashmir issue should be resolved on priority basis.
First-ballot Hall of Famer Stan Musial, who won three National League MVP awards, died Saturday at age 92.
Hall of Stan Musial, who won, died at age 92.
Iceland has formally recognised the Palestinian state at a ceremony in Reykjavik, becoming one of the first Western European countries to do so.
Iceland has formally recognised the Palestinian state.
A Henning man died of a medical condition while driving near the city of Ottertail, Minn., on Nov. 24, according to the Otter Tail County Sheriff's Department.
A Henning man died while driving near the city of Ottertail.
She had a home court advantage, obviously, but she has vastly improved a key weakness over the past 18 months--her one-on-one interview skills.
She had but she has vastly improved.
US discount retailer Family Dollar Stores Inc says it intends to open up to 500 stores next year after reporting record fourth quarter and full-year sales and earnings.
Family Dollar Stores Inc intends to open up to 500 stores.
Fulham loanee Paul Stalteri has put his future on hold as he bids to help keep the Cottagers in the Premier League.
Paul Stalteri has put his future on hold.
Four women jumped off a moving train to escape two robbers in Sommerset West, Western Cape police said.
Four women jumped off a train to escape two robbers.
Pop star Madonna may face a ban from Russian authorities for coming out in support of feminist punk-rock band Pussy Riot.
Madonna may face a ban from Russian authorities.
Two national reports have found that Blaine high school is one of the best high schools in the nation.
Blaine high school is one of the best schools.
Acting Port Adelaide captain Troy Chaplin says the Power's playing group is the ``laughing stock of the AFL''.
The Power's group is the laughing stock of the AFL.
Syria's prime minister narrowly escaped an assassination attempt in the heart of the heavily defended capital Monday, laying bare the vulnerability of President Bashar Assad's regime.
Syria's prime minister escaped an assassination attempt.
Justice Minister Eugene Wamalwa has reiterated that he is still in the presidential race.
Eugene Wamalwa is still in the race.
Grass Valley has reorganized its sales and marketing structure by creating four new executive positions, with three regional presidents and a chief marketing officer, all of whom will report to the company's president and CEO Alain Andreoli.
Grass Valley has reorganized its sales and marketing structure.
Columbia was recently named one of the top cities to start a small business by Forbes magazine.
Columbia was named one of the top cities to start a small business.
THE BIG freeze has brought out the best in many Eastbourne people who have been going the extra mile to continue to deliver important services during the snow and sleet.
THE BIG freeze has brought the best.
Nearly a year after she was shot in the head in a tragic killing spree that left six dead, Rep. Gabrielle Giffords announced that she is going to step down from Congress in a YouTube video posted to her channel today.
Gabrielle Giffords is going to step down from Congress.
Former major league outfielder Chad Curtis will stand trial in Michigan on five counts of criminal sexual conduct after appearing in court Friday.
Chad Curtis will stand trial on five counts of criminal sexual conduct.
A San Antonio family has been notified that a local Marine was killed in Afghanistan but few details were available late Sunday about the circumstances surrounding the man's death.
A local Marine was killed in Afghanistan.
But, Carlo Ancelotti, the current manager of Chelsea denied the news and said that, Ashley Cole will remain as a Chelsea player and there is no more deal with Real Madrid for Ashley Cole.
Ashley Cole will remain as a Chelsea player.
Marriott ExecuStay®, a leader in temporary furnished housing, now offers wireless Internet access as a standard in all corporate apartments.
Marriott ExecuStay ® offers wireless Internet access.
Somali pirates have released a British couple held hostage for more than a year.
Pirates have released a British couple held.
The snow is expected to stick around in Alamance County until Wednesday when temperatures are forecasted to rise into the 40s.
The snow is expected to stick until Wednesday.
North Dakota environmental health regulators on Friday announced that two firms have agreed to pay penalties totaling $700,000 for illegal sewage dumping in the Oil Patch.
Two firms have agreed to pay penalties totaling $ 700,000 for illegal sewage dumping in the Oil Patch.
Nathan Dahm, a young Republican with an engineering background, will challenge US Rep. John Sullivan for his party's nomination for Congress in 2010.
Nathan Dahm will challenge John Sullivan.
World trade volume fell by 0.5% in March from the previous month based on preliminary data, following a rise of 1.1% in February.
World trade volume fell by 0.5% in March, following a rise in February.
Mel B is pregnant with her third child.
Mel B is pregnant.
Bingolore has gone sporty this June what with both the FIFA World Cup as well as the Wimbledon tennis tournament coming up this month.
Bingolore has gone sporty this June.
Sorin Group,, a global medical company and a leader in the treatment of cardiovascular diseases, today announced it received FDA approval for and is beginning the US launch of the SMARTVIEW™ remote monitoring solution for patients with implanted cardiac rhythm management devices.
Sorin Group received FDA approval for and is beginning the launch of the SMARTVIEW ™ remote monitoring solution.
In what would create the world's largest airline, Delta Air Lines and Eagan, Minn.-based Northwest Airlines agreed to a $3.1 billion merger late on Monday.
Delta Air Lines, Northwest Airlines agreed to a $ 3.1 billion merger.
Parma midfielder Daniele Galloppa has no regrets leaving home-town club Roma to develop his career elsewhere.
Daniele Galloppa has no regrets leaving Roma.
Health insurers paid 9 per cent more in claims in the year ending June than they did for the same time last year, according to the latest figures from the Health Funds Association.
Health insurers paid more.
``Family Ties'' mom Meredith Baxter, who came out last year, sat down with Oprah to talk candidly about her life as an out lesbian as revealed in her new book ``Untied.''
Meredith Baxter sat with Oprah.
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran was sworn in Wednesday for a second presidential term.
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was sworn for a second presidential term.
Ashton Kutcher has admitted that he regularly slept around before he met his wife Demi Moore.
Ashton Kutcher has admitted he slept around.
Kenya braced for a second day of opposition protests Thursday amid the country's simmering postelection crisis, which has already killed more than 600 people.
Kenya braced for a second day protests.
An autistic boy was choked by a bus assistant in Florida.
An autistic boy was choked by a bus assistant.
Wholesale inflation slowed in April after a big jump in March but the improvement is likely to be temporary as consumers are battered in coming months by price hikes for gasoline, food and a host of other items.
Wholesale inflation slowed in April.
AP Video Colorado lawmakers and Gov. Bill Ritter are hoping to avoid more budget cuts when new revenue figures are released.
Colorado lawmakers are hoping to avoid more budget cuts.
Jason Aldean has donated $132,000 to breast cancer research following a benefit concert in Evansville, Ind., on Friday.
Jason Aldean has donated $ 132,000 to breast cancer research.
26.09.2010 IT firm Mahindra Satyam plans to delist itself from NYSE, the New York Stock Exchange, as the fraud-hit company may not be in a position to file the restated financial accounts by the deadline of October 15 under the US accounting standards.
Mahindra Satyam plans to delist itself from NYSE.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif. A Genentech employee retention plan announced along with its rejection of Roche's buyout offer will cost the biotechnology giant about US$371 million, according to documents filed Thursday with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.
A Genentech retention plan will cost the giant about US $ 371 million, according to documents filed.
Microsoft India declared that from Wednesday hotmail users shall receive free SMS alerts without GPRS connection.
From hotmail users shall receive free SMS alerts.
Infosys Limited announced that it will host its Annual Analyst Meet on Thursday, August 18 at the Infosys campus in Bangalore.
Infosys Limited will host its Annual Analyst Meet.
The first Cuban therapeutic vaccine to treat advanced lung cancer, the only one registered in the world for this type of malignant tumor, has been extended primary health care in the country.
The Cuban vaccine to treat advanced lung cancer has been extended primary health care.
Daniel Craig doesn't want to try and recreate old Bond movies in new film 'Skyfall', which will see his third outing as the suave spy.
Daniel Craig doesn't want to try and recreate old Bond movies.
Fort Jackson celebrates America's Independence Day with a military ceremony that recognizes each state and territory.
Fort Jackson celebrates America's Independence Day.
Shares in Citigroup, one of the biggest banks in the US, plunged on Friday amid uncertainty about the firm's future.
Shares in Citigroup plunged amid uncertainty.
When Gov. Jennifer Granholm reviews clemency petitions, she gives great weight to her clemency council's initial finding that an application has merit and to the Michigan Parole Board's final recommendation after a public hearing is held.
Jennifer Granholm gives weight and to the Michigan Parole Board's recommendation.
A Mount Pleasant man was killed in a rollover crash on US Highway 89 Sunday.
A Mount Pleasant man was killed in a rollover crash.
Papa Bello Enterprises, an operator of food service restaurants, has partnered with Thilanka Hotels and Resorts to develop and manage Papa Bello Enterprises fast casual concepts in Sri Lanka.
Papa Bello Enterprises has partnered to develop fast casual concepts in Sri Lanka.
He's also in the board of Coca Cola co. and a proxy statement filed with the SEC reveals that he made $64.9 million last year.
He made $ 64.9 million last year.
US industrial production remained unchanged unexpectedly last month, official data showed on Thursday.
Industrial production remained unchanged unexpectedly month.
The Federal Reserve acknowledged that the economy is growing more slowly than it expected.
The Federal Reserve acknowledged the economy is growing more slowly.
The big question in Washington this week is whether the Republican leadership will be stupid enough to filibuster the Senate bill to hold big Wall Street banks accountable.
The Republican leadership will be stupid enough to filibuster the bill to hold Wall Street banks accountable.
Governor Andrew Cuomo has issued a disaster declaration for 15 counties that have been hit by severe storms and flooding, including Oneida, Herkimer and Madison.
Andrew Cuomo has issued a disaster declaration.
Holiday Inn and Holiday Inn Express Hotels is planning to open 38 new hotels across West Asia and India in the next five years, a senior company official said.
Holiday Inn is planning to open 38 hotels across West Asia and India in the five years.
The Justice Department on Wednesday sued BP and eight other companies in the Gulf oil spill disaster in an effort to recover billions of dollars from the largest offshore spill in US history.
The Justice Department sued BP.
The Sears department store in Fairfield is closing in January, depriving the city of another major retailer.
The Sears store in Fairfield is closing in January.
Canada's current account deficit in the first quarter narrowed to $7.8 billion from $10.2 billion, Statistics Canada reported Friday, underlining the growing strength of the economy.
Canada's current account deficit narrowed.
The Who's Pete Townshend has revealed that he is writing a new musical.
Pete Townshend is writing a new musical.
Mumbai Top seed Aleksej Aleksandrov of Belarus kept the sole lead with seven points after the eighth round of the 4th Mayor's Cup International Chess Tournament at the Goregaon Sports Club here today.
Aleksej Aleksandrov kept the sole lead.
Abbotsford Police are warning you about an American sex offender who has been spotted in that city in the last month.
Abbotsford Police are warning about an sex offender.
Skiers packed the slopes to take advantage of Presidents Day, the good weather and the recent snowfall.
Skiers packed the slopes.
Casey Anthony should be freed from jail next week after being sentenced to four years for lying to police investigating her daughter's death.
Casey Anthony should be freed from jail next week.
The International Air Transport Association called on the British government to improve its global competitiveness in air transport by taking a global approach to aviation and climate change, reducing taxes, changing the economic regulatory structure for airports, and developing a proper strategy to safeguard the economic benefits of aviation.
The International Air Transport Association called on the British government to improve its global competitiveness.
Students from Canada and the US arrived in Bermuda today to enjoy fun in the sun on their Spring Break.
Students arrived in Bermuda to enjoy on their Spring Break.
Anthony Hargrove signed declaration saying Joe Vitt and Gregg Williams told him to lie about Saints bounty program.
Joe Vitt told Anthony Hargrove to lie.
As part of that tour, Barber will be visiting Benson today from 9 to 10:30 am for the town's annual Fourth of July parade.
Barber will be visiting Benson.
Raw sewage was spilling into the Harts River in Vryburg, civil rights group AfriForum said on Monday.
Raw sewage was spilling into the Harts River.
A blacksmith worker was seriously injured when he fell through a roof in a fall from height accident.
A blacksmith worker was injured he fell through a roof.
Xtract Energy PLC swung to a net profit of £786,000 in the first half from a loss of £2.2 million a year earlier and said the Luna prospect in Denmark will be drilled in Q3 2011 and Chevron is expected to drill a well on Netherlands Block P2 in Q4.
Xtract Energy PLC swung to a profit in the first half.
The Missouri Comets are close to signing former Sporting Kansas City midfielder Craig Rocastle.
The Missouri Comets are close to signing Craig Rocastle.
Mia Wasikowska attended the Sydney premiere of her new movie, ``Jane Eyre'' tonight at the State Theatre.
Mia Wasikowska attended the Sydney premiere of her new movie, Jane Eyre.
AN elderly woman was left to die alone after council workers twice failed to pass on emergency alarm messages, it was claimed last night.
AN elderly woman was left to die alone after workers failed to pass on alarm messages.
A grandmother from Westbury has told a jury how her husband of 44 years held a knife to her throat after she walked out on him.
A grandmother has told a jury how her husband held a knife to her throat.
A Sydney butcher has been fined thousands of dollars for storing meat in a shopping trolley.
A butcher has been fined for storing meat in a trolley.
China Education Alliance Inc. postponed its fourth-quarter and full-year results, saying its auditors need more time to complete their work.
China Education Alliance Inc. postponed its results.
Saudi Press Agency) US President Barack Obama sent his budget to Congress Monday, seeking billions of dollars for job-creating infrastructure projects and higher taxes on the wealthy.
Barack Obama sent his budget to Congress.
Roger Federer has beaten Rafael Nadal 4-6, 6-3, 6-3 to open a two-match exhibition series between the world's best tennis players.
Roger Federer has beaten Rafael Nadal to open a exhibition series.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a pensioner who was found dead in her flat at a sheltered housing complex.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a pensioner.
Teva Pharmaceuticals is recalling one lot of metronidazole 250 mg tablets, as the tablets may not contain the full amount of active ingredient within a single tablet, which could cause the infection the drug was intended to treat to worsen or recur.
Teva Pharmaceuticals is recalling one lot of metronidazole 250 mg tablets.
ESPN 850 WKNR is the new radio home of the Cleveland Browns as a result of a unique broadcasting agreement that creates an unprecedented triple-cast of the team's games.
ESPN 850 WKNR is the new radio home of the Cleveland Browns.
Aveng, Africa's largest builder by market value, posted an 8 percent drop in full-year profit, hit by tough trading conditions, but said it aimed to buy back up to 1 billion rand of its own shares.
Aveng posted, hit by tough trading conditions.
Long-term use of vitamin D and calcium supplements may increase the risk of getting kidney stones.
Use of vitamin D and supplements may increase the risk of getting kidney stones.
British Airways PLC is shedding 1,000 jobs, putting 3,000 more employees on part-time work and reducing the size of cabin crews at Heathrow in an effort to get the troubled airline's finances back in order, a spokesman said Tuesday.
British Airways PLC is shedding 1,000 jobs, putting and reducing the size of cabin crews at Heathrow.
MORE than 50 people could have been killed if Nicky Reilly's plans for a terrorist atrocity had succeeded, police have revealed.
MORE than 50 people could have been killed.
GlaxoSmithKline announced today the start of two global Phase III studies in advanced or metastatic melanoma patients with a BRAF V600 mutation.
GlaxoSmithKline announced the start of two Phase III studies in advanced or metastatic melanoma patients.
Sen. Edward M. Kennedy is being released from the hospital, one day after being diagnosed with a cancerous brain tumour that experts say is almost certainly fatal.
Edward M. Kennedy is being released from the hospital.
Kellen Clemens is ``clearly ahead'' of rookie Mark Sanchez through 11 OTA practices, according to the NY Daily News.
Kellen Clemens is ahead of Mark Sanchez.
Roseanne Barr announces on Twitter that she is running for US president.
Roseanne Barr is running for president.
Notre Dame forward Tim Abromaitis has been suspended for the first four games of the upcoming season because he illegally participated in two exhibition games...three years ago.
Notre Dame Tim Abromaitis has been suspended for the four games.
Ottawa Police are cracking down on jaywalkers, handing out a bevy of warnings and tickets to pedestrians as part of Canadian Road Safety Week.
Police are cracking down on jaywalkers.
Arizona Republican John Shadegg has announced he won't seek re-election to the House of Representatives this year, becoming the 29th Republican from that body to either leave office or not seek re-election in the past 13 months.
John Shadegg won't seek re-election, becoming the Republican to.
Former presidential candidate and presidential advisor Patrick Buchanan will speak in Rye Brook on Oct. 6 for the Business Council of Westchester.
Candidate and Patrick Buchanan will speak in Rye Brook.
A wrongful death lawsuit is expected to be filed Thursday by the parents of Scott Wilson, a college student from Wellington, who was killed in a crash involving the founder of the International Polo Club Palm Beach.
A wrongful death lawsuit is expected to be filed.
A former Humboldt County correctional officer was arraigned in superior court on Wednesday, and pleaded not guilty to engaging in sexual activity with an inmate and aiding in her escape.
A former Humboldt County correctional officer was arraigned in court.
The good news is that we are coming out of peak tornado season, but the bad news is that hurricane season starts today.
Hurricane season starts today.
/PanARMENIAN.Net/ Iran can't be a mediator in the Nagorno Karabakh conflict settlement process, Director of the Caucasus Institute, political scientist Alexander Iskandaryan told a PanARMENIAN.Net reporter during a news conference in Yerevan.
Iran can't be a mediator in the Nagorno Karabakh process.
New Zealand retail sales fell unexpectedly for the second month in a row in July, backing the central bank's view that recovery from recession was patchy and still in need of record-low interest rates.
New Zealand retail sales fell in July.
Barnes \u0026 Noble is planning to offer an iPad app, which will give customers the option of buying online books from a source other than Apple's iBook store.
Barnes \u0026 Noble is planning to offer an iPad app.
- A unique collaboration between the University of St Andrews and the Byre Theatre will see a group of Spanish students take to the stage tonight.
A group of Spanish students take to the stage.
Auckland City has bowed out of the FIFA Club World Cup, beaten 2-0 by Japanese champions Kashiwa Reysol in the opening match of the tournament in Toyota Citytoday.
Auckland City has bowed out of the FIFA Club World Cup.
Clarkson University has appointed an advisory council for its materials science and engineering doctoral program from the ranks of university and research institute experts from around the country.
Clarkson University has appointed an advisory council for its science and doctoral program.
Boston metal outfit, The Red Chord, have announced that they have begun working on brand new songs.
The Red Chord have begun working on new songs.
OCEANSIDE, Calif. An Oceanside police cruiser crashed into the front of a gas station on Saturday morning.
OCEANSIDE, police cruiser crashed into the front of a gas station.
Tech Mahindra can move upto Rs 800, says Shardul Kulkarni, Sr Technical Analyst, Angel Broking.
Tech Mahindra can move upto Rs 800.
Toyota Motor Corp. said Thursday Oct. 21, 2010 it is recalling 1.53 million Lexus, Avalon and other models, mostly in the US and Japan, for brake fluid and fuel pump problems.
Toyota Motor Corp. is recalling 1.53 million Lexus, Avalon and other models.
Family spokesman Clifford Miller says she died Friday in her Los Angeles home, surrounded by her four children.
She died in her Los Angeles home.
Ford India launched the commercial production of its compact car 'Figo' on Friday at its Maraimalai Nagar plant here.
Ford India launched the commercial production of its car Figo.
A truck was set on fire in San Pablo early Friday morning.
A truck was set on fire in San Pablo.
CLEVELAND Jake Peavy struck out 11 in seven innings, Paul Konerko homered and the Chicago White Sox broke a five-game losing streak, beating the Cleveland Indians, 3-1, on Sunday in American League baseball action.
Jake Peavy struck out 11, Paul Konerko homered.
Overdue economic stimulus checks will soon be mailed to about a quarter of a million married couples who had been denied the money because of an IRS glitch.
Checks will be mailed.
Lady Gaga is well on her way to becoming one of the most famous acts in the biz, but believe it or not, she's still homeless!
Lady Gaga's homeless.
A Virginia company is recalling a cheddar cheese spread because of fears it's contaminated with salmonella.
A Virginia company is recalling a cheese spread.
A Helena man charged with holding a convenience store clerk hostage over the weekend told others before the standoff that he wanted to commit ``suicide by cop,'' Lewis and Clark County prosecutors said.
A Helena man charged told before the standoff he wanted to commit suicide by cop.
A retrospective planning application for extra car parking on the main road through Bishopstrow was approved at a meeting of the Planning Advisory Council of Warminster Town Council this week.
A retrospective application for parking on the road through Bishopstrow was approved.
The Toulon mom who abandoned her baby in a ditch is sentenced Friday to three years in prison.
The Toulon mom is sentenced to three years in prison.
As part of cuts for the fiscal year 2010-2011 budget, commissioners voted 3-2 to eliminate the public works director position.
Commissioners voted to eliminate the position.
Greek shares lost grasp of their early rebound and plummeted in the late afternoon to close in line with heavy losses on European bourses.
Greek shares lost grasp of their rebound and plummeted to close in line with heavy losses.
Elton John told BBC Saturday that he has been helping famous rapper Eminem to quit his drug addiction for more than 1 year.
Elton John has been helping Eminem to quit his drug addiction.
Ten taxi drivers were arrested for public violence in Soweto on Monday as tension mounted over the introduction of the next phase of the Rea Vaya buses.
Ten taxi drivers were arrested for public violence.
A case of West Nile virus has been confirmed in a horse in Palermo, the Butte County Public Health Department reported Thursday.
A case of West Nile virus has been confirmed in a horse in Palermo.
A forklift fell onto a mechanic at a factory along Kilometer 7 in Inanam here, today, killing him instantly.
A forklift fell onto a mechanic.
This weekend a newborn baby miraculously survived being tossed eight floors down a trash chute.
This weekend a newborn baby survived being tossed down a trash chute.
PTI San Francisco, December 14, 2010 Yahoo Inc is preparing to lay off between 600 and 700 workers in the latest shake-up triggered by the Internet company's lackluster growth.
Yahoo Inc is preparing to lay off between 600 and 700 workers.
An Anchorage teen has been declared legally dead after being struck by a car Thursday, but is being kept on life support until his father can fly in to Anchorage from an Alaska village.
An teen has been declared dead after being struck by a car.
Animal control officers seized a variety of neglected animals from a Lake Helen home, a county animal control official reported Thursday.
Officers seized a variety of animals from a Lake Helen home.
Under the new Taxi Regulation Bill, taxi drivers with serious criminal convictions will face mandatory disqualification.
Under the Taxi Regulation Bill, drivers with serious convictions will face disqualification.
Evergreen Solar, a company that manufactures STRING RIBBON solar products based on its proprietary technology for silicon wafer manufacturing, announced its largest solar panel installation ever.
Evergreen Solar, a company, announced its largest solar panel installation.
Scoreloop, a Munich, Germany-based provider of mobile social gaming infrastructure, has raised €2 million in first-round funding co-led by Earlybird and seed backer Target Partners.
Scoreloop, has raised € 2 million.
``Sweet Caroline'', the Neil Diamond song that has been played in the middle of the eighth inning of every Boston Red Sox home game since 2002, was played at Yankee Stadium on Tuesday night, during the New York Yankess/Arizona Diamondbacks match-up.
Sweet Caroline was played at Yankee Stadium.
Romanian-born businessman Dan David, who set up a foundation to annually award $1 million prizes to people who have made an impact on society, has died at the age of 82.
Businessman Dan David has died.
After an eight-year hiatus from public life, John Kitzhaber took back the helm of a state reeling from joblessness Monday, pledging to focus on putting people back to work and raising wages.
John Kitzhaber took back the helm.
David Van Day has insisted that his live TV dumping of Sue Moxley was ``totally genuine''.
David Van Day has insisted his TV dumping was genuine.
A man lying on a national highway died after being hit by a truck in the early hours of Wednesday, police said.
A man lying on a national highway died after being hit by a truck.
Peace, he said, ``is a true farewell to arms'', the rebel leader, better known by the nom de guerre Timochenko, told the magazine.
Peace is a true farewell to arms.
Apple has refreshed its iPod lineup, adding new features and pricing to its popular Touch and Nano devices.
Apple has refreshed its iPod lineup.
-A group that says it speaks for American workers says Americans are shut out of jobs in the information technology industry.
Americans are shut out of jobs in the industry.
Scams can come in a number of different forms including identity fraud, investment scams, mortgage fraud internet scams, and other types of consumer scams.
Scams can come in a number of different forms.
Chicago firefighters and paramedics overwhelmingly approved a new contract Wednesday that grants them 10 percent raises over five years.
Chicago firefighters and paramedics approved a new contract.
A detective accused of making hundreds of thousands of pounds from drugs stolen from police seizures told a jury yesterday the cash came instead from his finding a drug dealer's secret stash of up to £500,000.
A detective told a jury the cash came from his finding a drug dealer's secret stash.
The European Union will impose new sanctions against Syria, EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton told the European Parliament on Tuesday in Strasbourg, APA reports quoting Xinhua.
The European Union will impose new sanctions against Syria.
In September last year, 847 credit reports on US citizens were stolen from credit reference agency Experian after a bank in Texas was hacked.
Year, 847 credit reports were stolen from Experian after a bank was hacked.
New Delhi, Mar 13 The coal block scam resurfaced in the Lok Sabha today, with JD equating the allocations to the sale of cinema tickets and seeking their cancellation following CAG estimate of a loss of over Rs 1.86 lakh crore.
New Delhi, The coal block scam resurfaced in the Lok Sabha.
Lightning struck six children in southern France as violent storms triggered mudslides and floods that damaged hundreds of homes, officials said today.
Lightning struck six children.
The recently remodeled Stamford Town Center mall is going up for sale for an undisclosed price.
The Stamford Town Center mall is going for sale.
Widespread reports this morning confirm that Liverpool are set to sign Charlton starlet Jonjo Shelvey today.
Liverpool are set to sign Charlton starlet Jonjo Shelvey today.
Apple is now taking on digital textbooks, and with 350 thousand purchased in just three days, they are selling fast.
Apple is taking on digital textbooks.
China urged the European Union to do more beneficial deeds for the healthy development of bilateral relations, said Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang Friday.
China urged the European Union to do more beneficial deeds for the healthy development of bilateral relations.
Officials want the public to name some recently hatched peregrine falcon chicks in eastern Iowa.
Officials want the public to name some peregrine falcon chicks in eastern Iowa.
Local and federal law enforcement agents arrested a local merchant yesterday and charged him with selling counterfeit goods at a Newport News peddlers village.
Agents arrested a local merchant and charged with selling counterfeit goods.
An anonymous reader writes ``A research scientist at Georgia Tech has created a 3D scanner app for the iPhone which uses the phone's screen as a light source to quickly capture digital 3D models of faces and other objects.
A scientist has created a 3D scanner app for the iPhone.
One lucky incoming UND freshman will win big bucks for school at tomorrow's Vikings game.
One lucky incoming UND freshman will win big bucks.
Dead asylum seekers thrown 'overboard' Updated: 18:48, Thursday February 21, 2013 Almost 100 dead Myanmar asylum seekers were thrown overboard by their shipmates in Sri Lankan waters, media reports say.
Dead asylum seekers thrown overboard Updated.
A majority of people in Northern Ireland are unwilling to pay water charges even to help protect front-line services, an opinion poll has claimed.
A majority are unwilling to pay water charges.
That pattern continued Wednesday night when the Indians signed pitcher Doug Mathis to a minor-league contract with an invite to major-league spring training camp.
The Indians signed pitcher Doug Mathis.
Mayor Daley was honored on Thursday for his work in getting ex-offenders back into the workforce.He was given an award by the Safer Foundation which helps people with criminal records return to society.
Daley was honored for his work in getting ex-offenders.
Speaker Sindh Assembly, Nisar Ahmed Khuhro, Thursday took oath as Acting Governor of Sindh at a ceremony held at Governor House here Thursday.
Speaker Sindh Assembly took oath as Acting Governor of Sindh.
Oil fell sharply to below $67 in Asian trade amid conflicting signals about the prospects of an early rebound for the struggling global economy.
Oil fell to below $ 67 in Asian trade.
Lakhimpur Kheri, Jan 8 Two forest officials of Pallia range under the north Kheri division have been suspended following the recovery of a tiger carcass in Paraspur forest outpost recently.
Forest officials have been suspended.
Anderson Cooper just came out of the closet and announced he is gay.
Anderson Cooper came out of the closet.
Microsoft has reportedly denied HTC early access to its Windows 8 operating system, crushing HTC's Windows 8 tablet ambitions.
Microsoft has denied HTC early access to its Windows 8 system.
Airbus is celebrating its new engineering center in Old Town as the city celebrates the 100 new high-paying jobs it's bringing in.
Airbus is celebrating its new engineering center in Old Town celebrates.
Sun will cut up to 6,000 of its workers, or 18 percent of its global staff.
Sun will cut up to 6,000 of its workers.
An interchange where Interstate 77 meets US Route 460 in Mercer County is being named after Thorn.
An interchange is being named after Thorn.
Scotia Asset Management LP today announced a portfolio advisor change to one of its funds.
Scotia Asset Management LP today announced a portfolio advisor change.
Renault driver Robert Kubica will contest the world-famous Monte Carlo Rally again next month.
Robert Kubica will contest the Monte Carlo Rally.
``The rupee is likely to remain flat \u0026 may move in a tight range today on account of the holiday season globally.
The rupee is \u0026 may move in a tight range today.
East Auckland rowers Ana Holt, left, and Esthie de Wet will head to Russia in September for the World University Rowing Champs.
Rowers will head to Russia.
A 33-year old worker, JAS, was found in possession of two fake US dollar currency notes which he claimed someone had given to him as alms, the Dubai Criminal Court heard.
A worker was found in possession of two fake dollar currency notes.
Virgin Media has added English and Arabic versions of Al Jazeera channels to their TV line-up.
Virgin Media has added versions of Al Jazeera channels.
Google is investing in mobile payments startup through Corduro through Google Ventures.
Google is investing in mobile payments startup through Corduro.
Harford County Parks and Recreation events and activities scheduled for this evening are canceled and facilities were closed at 4:30 pm due to inclement weather.
Harford County Parks and Recreation events are canceled.
Germany's intelligence agency said EU bailout funds sent to Cyprus would assist Russian oligarchs who have illegal money tucked away in Cypriot banks.
EU bailout funds would assist oligarchs.
The Yemeni ambassador to Lebanon has resigned following a brutal crackdown on anti-government protesters that left 52 people dead and many others injured, APA reports quoting Press TV.
The Yemeni ambassador to Lebanon has resigned.
TJMaxx, the nation's largest off-price retailer, will open a new store in Paso Robles on May 20.
TJMaxx will open a store in Paso Robles.
Actress Emily Blunt has revealed that she feels relieved when she doen't win an award because she hates giving a speech.
Emily Blunt feels relieved when she doen't win an award.
Designated drivers are often not sober enough to get behind the wheel and safely drive their friends and family home, a new study in the Journal of Studies on Alcohol and Drugs says.
Designated drivers are often not sober enough to get behind the wheel, says.
A historic Rome piazza turned into a battle field Saturday as hundreds of protesters pelted veering police vans with rocks and bottles and police fired tear gas and water cannon jets into the crowd.
A Rome piazza turned into a battle field fired.
Richard III could provide a king's ransom for Leicester with an estimated £140 million tourism boost.
Richard III could provide a king's ransom for Leicester with an tourism boost.
A 21 year old man is in critical condition Sunday morning after he was shot while at a house party.
A man is in critical condition after he was shot at a house party.
Nick Swisher blasts a bases-clearing double to center field, giving the Yankees an early 3-0 lead
Nick Swisher blasts a bases - clearing double.
Toys R Us will open 21 new stores this year, including five in California, and will renovate 23 existing locations.
Toys R Us will open 21 new stores this year.
Steve Clarke has called for patience from the Albion faithful as he admits he's not expecting any quick transfer deals.
Steve Clarke's not expecting any quick deals.
Accountancy firms BDO and PKF, which both have offices in Bristol, have agreed to merge to create a practice with revenues of almost £400m.
BDO and PKF have agreed to merge.
Actor, Jang Geun Suk surprisingly unveiled a photo of his mother through his twitter account.
Jang Geun Suk unveiled a photo of his mother.
David Beckham and his wife Victoria received an apology from a former nanny at London's High Court over her disclosures of confidential information about the celebrity couple.
David Beckham received an apology from a former nanny.
George Burley was formally appointed as Scotland manager on Thursday on a 4-1/2-year contract, Sky Sports News reported.
George Burley was appointed as Scotland manager.
A temperamental chef carved up his boss with a knife after rowing with him over a salad.
A chef carved up his boss.
Lille Holliday told CNN that her son was ``no monster,'' but a ``gentle spirit'' who snapped after suffering racial harassment at the Manchester beer distributor.
Her son was no monster.
Secretary general of the main opposition BNP, Khandaker Delwar Hossain, said Monday that parliament ``is not functioning properly''.
Parliament is not functioning.
In Mechanic Falls a man who worked around kids on the town's recreation committee for ten years has been charged with sexually abusing children.
In Mechanic Falls a man has been charged with sexually abusing children.
Natalia Ishchenko won her fifth gold medal at the world swimming championships on Friday when she combined with Svetlana Romashina to win the synchronised swimming duets free title.
Natalia Ishchenko won her fifth gold medal at the world championships.
old farmer, committed suicide by hanging himself on a tree at Akorabo, near Suhum in the Eastern Region.
Farmer, committed suicide.
A bioengineer at Wayne State University has ``gone Hollywood'' as chief scientist on the current National Geographic TV series ``Fight Science,'' where she explains the physics and biology of martial arts, weapons and police safety gear.
A bioengineer has gone Hollywood.
New Zealanders may soon be able to change their sex on their passports and birth certificates without having to have costly sex change surgery.
New Zealanders may be able to change their sex on their passports.
Thanda Royal Zulu midfielder July Mahlangu tells KickOff.com that he does not hold any grudges against Fikru Tefera despite the SuperSport United striker almost ruining his career.
July Mahlangu does not hold any grudges.
David Perron crashing Jonathan Quick for a goalie interference call.
David Perron crashing Jonathan Quick.
On Thursday, Delhi police have claimed to have recovered Rs. 5.5 lakh that was allegedly paid to Indian test cricketer Sreesanth as part of the Rs. 10 lakh payment to spot-fix one of T-20 matches in the IPL.The money was recovered from Mumbai.
Police have claimed to have recovered Rs. 5.5 lakh that was paid to Sreesanth.
An irate bus passenger threatened the driver with a hammer after he refused to accept an expired bus pass, a court heard yesterday.
An passenger threatened the driver with a hammer.
Okay, I know how offside works, but how do the ref and lino work together on a call like today's when Bentner was interfering.
I know how offside works.
RICHMOND star Matthew Richardson carried a knee injury into last weekend's Dreamtime clash against Essendon at the MCG, coach Terry Wallace said.
Matthew Richardson carried a knee injury.
Police said a man, 62, from Northampton County is facing drug charges after they found 32 crack pipes in his home.
A man, 62, is facing after they found 32 crack pipes.
Mr Thein Sein has cancelled his state visit to Thailand scheduled for June 4 to 5, according to sources in the Thai government.
Thein Sein has cancelled his state visit to Thailand.
Sarah Palin has defended her claim that Barack Obama ``pals around with terrorists,'' saying the Democratic presidential nominee's association with a 1960s radical is an issue that is ``fair to talk about.''
Sarah Palin has defended her claim Barack Obama pals around with terrorists.
Smoke was detected Friday at a Japanese nuclear power complex that suffered a major accident a decade ago, but the operator said there was no release of radioactivity.
Smoke was detected at a Japanese nuclear power complex.
In a game which held the attention from start to finish Blaydon blitzed the Bulls, bowling them out for just 49 to win by 80 runs.
Blaydon blitzed the Bulls.
Another Home Depot manager has pleaded guilty to helping a vendor get contracts at the nation's third largest retailer.
Another Home Depot manager has pleaded guilty.
Taipei, Aug. 30 Visiting NBA star Jeremy Lin on Thursday wrapped up a four-day summer camp in Taipei for than 100 young Taiwanese basketballers.
Taipei, Visiting Jeremy Lin wrapped up a summer camp.
Jamie Foxx makes crude radio rant on Miley Cyrus, telling her to 'make a sex tape and grow up!'
Jamie Foxx makes crude radio rant on Miley Cyrus.
The Patriots have released wide receiver Tiquan Underwood, according to a league source.
The Patriots have released wide receiver Tiquan Underwood.
Newsday \u003e News \u003e Breaking LIRR trains to aid in evacuations Originally published:
News Breaking LIRR trains to aid in evacuations.
Sherman Oaks, Calif.-based Prospect Mortgage reports that it began offering prime jumbo loans with balances of up to $2 million to the secondary market in February.
Prospect Mortgage began offering jumbo loans with balances to the secondary market.
Jetstar will introduce more services from its major domestic hubs of Sydney and Melbourne commencing 26-Oct-08 including extra weekly flights to the Gold Coast, Ballina Byron and Hobart.
Jetstar will introduce more services from its hubs of Sydney and Melbourne.
And with modern immobilisers, 'smart' keys and tracking systems new cars are, it seems, virtually impossible to steal via conventional methods meaning the onus for car security falls increasingly on owners.
New cars are impossible to steal.
Tom Cruise has flown to New York City to reunite with daughter Suri, it has been reported.
Tom Cruise has flown to New York City to reunite with daughter Suri.
Doctors condemn athlete doping Updated: 17:53, Thursday February 7, 2013 The Australian Medical Association says doctors who've broken ethical and professional rules by supplying athletes with banned drugs must answer to their own consciences.
Doctors condemn athlete doping.
A southwest Ohio woman on trial on charges she abused her five adopted children wept as she denied the accusations.
A Ohio woman she abused her five adopted children wept.
A power failure at the Hales Mill lift station caused an overflow in the area of the Chloie Branch stream, a tributary of the Little Maquoketa River.
A power failure at the lift station caused an overflow in the area of the stream.
Researchers in Austria have found that say rheumatoid arthritis remission provides superior outcomes across socioeconomic categories such as productivity and quality of life.
Rheumatoid arthritis remission provides superior outcomes.
President PML-Q, Chaudhry Shujaat has said that all political parties were being consulted over National issues and pledged that PML-Q was ready to face all challenges without comprising its party identity.
All parties were being consulted over National issues.
The Skoda Yeti has picked up three awards from Total Off Road Magazines 4x4 of the Year Awards.
The Skoda Yeti has picked up three awards.
Alice Cooper thinks the kids of today are ''afraid'' to fully embrace rock music and live its lifestyle.
Alice Cooper thinks the kids are afraid to embrace rock music.
Hip-hop mogul Russell Simmons has called for a truce with Abraham Foxman, the national director of the Anti-Defamation League.
Russell Simmons has called for a truce with Abraham Foxman.
``I am determined to fight corruption aggressively, and I can do so, because I am not corrupt, have never been corrupt, and will demand the same of my team.
I am because I am not corrupt, have never been corrupt.
Northwest Savings Bank, the bank based in Warren, Pa., that has four Rochester-area branches, has purchased Veracity Benefit Designs, Inc., and made the employee benefits firm a Northwest subsidiary.
Northwest Savings Bank has purchased and made the employee benefits firm.
Brazil and Santos legend Pele celebrated his 71st birthday in London in typical outspoken style this week, hailing the Premier League as Europe's top division and branding Lionel Messi an ``incomplete'' player.
Pele celebrated his 71st birthday.
Curfew was today lifted from Kashmir Valley, a week after it was imposed following the hanging of Parliament attack convict Mohammad Afzal Guru.
Curfew was today lifted from Kashmir Valley.
Between the global economic downturn and European government incentives on new car purchases, Volkswagen may overtake Toyota as the global sales leader in the first quarter.
Volkswagen may overtake Toyota as the global sales leader.
Networking and storage vendor Netgear has introduced three hybrid cloud storage services for business customers.
Netgear has introduced three hybrid cloud storage services.
A man from Surrey has been jailed for 16 years for child sex offences committed more than 20 years ago.
A man has been jailed for child sex offences.
For the second consecutive year, Winston-Salem based BB\u0026T Corporation ranks highest in customer service satisfaction among primary US mortgage servicing companies, according to a nationwide study released by JD Power and Associates.
BB\u0026T Corporation ranks highest in customer service satisfaction, according to a study.
Perez Hilton has announced that he is to launch a weekly music countdown show on the radio.
Perez Hilton is to launch a music countdown show.
The Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc is ``in limbo'' and should have been fully nationalised when it was rescued in the financial crisis, Business Secretary Vince Cable has said.
The Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc is and should have been fully nationalised.
Indian miner Vedanta posted a record quarterly profit in the three months to 31 December as it continued to ride the global commodities boom.
Vedanta posted a record profit.
Cooper Standard, a supplier of systems and components for the automotive industry, is planning to establish a new manufacturing facility in Craiova, Romania.
Cooper Standard is planning to establish a new manufacturing facility in Craiova, Romania.
India will get sufficient monsoon rainfall this year, the third year in a row, weather officials attending a climate conference said Friday.
India will get sufficient monsoon rainfall.
The Jamaican government is investing $5 million to fight crime and is considering creation of a new sort of justice system.
The Jamaican government is investing to fight crime.
Food aid for starving Somalis living in Islamist-held territory could be flown into the country within ``a week to 10 days'', the World Food Programme said.
Food aid for starving Somalis could be flown into the country within a week.
The Academy of Music celebrated 155 years with its annual concert and ball on South Broad Street.
The Academy of Music celebrated 155 years.
Influenza experts have warned Australians against hosting ``swine flu parties'' after reports of Americans trying to get the virus while it was mild to build immunity.
Experts have warned against hosting swine flu parties.
A book of condolence has been opened at Chiswick Town Hall following the sad news that the baby boy injured by a falling lamppost died in hospital earlier today, Thursday 25th February.
A book of condolence has been opened at Chiswick Town Hall.
After arriving in Foggy Bottom soon after 9 am, Kerry briefly addressed employees and asked, ``Can a man actually run the State Department?''
Kerry briefly addressed and asked, Can a man actually run the State Department.
The Bruins celebrated their sixth Stanley Cup victory on Thursday night with a pregame ceremony honoring last season's champions.
The Bruins celebrated their Stanley Cup victory.
President Obama is continuing to lose support among the American voters over his gun control proposals, says a new study by Rasmussen Reports.
President Obama is continuing to lose support among the voters over his gun control proposals.
NCAA sports betting fans know that theVirginia Tech Hokies lost all hope of an unbeaten season on Sept. 6, but they still haven't dropped a game within the Atlantic Coast Conference.
NCAA sports betting know.
FARM export earnings are forecast to soar in 2011-12, according to a report released by the Australian Bureau of Agricultural and Resource Economics and Sciences.
FARM export earnings are forecast to soar.
The state Department of Environmental Protection says a radioactive device used in road construction was lost somewhere along Interstate 81 in West Virginia when it fell off a Pennsylvania contractor's truck.
A radioactive device was lost along Interstate 81.
China firmly opposes US arms sales to Taiwan, Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi said Monday.
China opposes US arms sales to Taiwan.
A Weinberg Campus health care aide arrested for kicking a 93-year-old woman in the shin over the weekend faces a felony assault charge because of the age of the victim, Amherst police said Monday.
A health care aide arrested faces a felony assault charge.
Malaysia has slipped to its lowest ranking ever in the Reporters Sans Frontieres press freedom index.
Malaysia has slipped in the press freedom index.
The Tularosa baseball is ranked No. 6 in the first New Mexico High School Coaches Association poll of the season, released by the NMHSCA on Thursday.
The Tularosa baseball is ranked No. 6.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, who arrived here Thursday on a two-day visit, one of the first world leaders to be in Kabul after the killing of Osama bin Laden, said India will stand by Afghanistan ``through thick and thin''.
India will stand by Afghanistan.
A storm system that has soaked Colorado the past three days spawned tornado warnings in Costilla County Sunday but no damage was immediately reported.
A storm system spawned tornado warnings but no damage was reported.
After years of testing for contamination, residents in Black Eagle are one step closer to cleaning up the contamination in their area.
Residents in Black Eagle are one step closer to cleaning up the contamination.
A New Hartford woman is facing felony charges after she allegedly used a stolen credit card at WalMart.
A New Hartford woman is facing after she allegedly used a stolen credit card at WalMart.
DAVIE, Fla. Veteran kicker Shayne Graham has signed with the Miami Dolphins, and he'll be active Sunday against Buffalo if ailing kicker Dan Carpenter is unavailable.
Kicker Shayne Graham has signed with the Miami Dolphins.
Clarkson, the world's largest shipping broker, yesterday fired its chief executive just a day after it was forced to make its second provision this year against a $67m legal dispute with Sovcomflot, the Russian state-owned tanker giant.
Clarkson yesterday fired its chief executive.
A Pillion rider was crushed to death while scooterist received multiple injuries, when a bus hit their scooter at Nagar Khad Kathua on Jammu-Pathankot road, this morning.
A Pillion rider was crushed to death.
Petroplus, Europe's largest independent oil refiner, said on Tuesday that its lenders had forced it to file for bankruptcy.
Petroplus said its lenders had forced to file for bankruptcy.
A LOOK at the media in recent weeks shows that the ANC and its alliance partners, or at least their talking heads, are again, and rather predictably, getting a bit grumpy with the media and again raising the spectre of introducing a ``media tribunal''
The ANC are getting grumpy with the media.
``As an economist, it's not easy to get laboratory type experimentation but I would say if you compare East-West Germany, North-South Korea, China and India before \u0026 after refor, it is quite clear that by encouraging private sector the country prospers and if govt. wants to do business then you'll suffer as the examples show.''
By encouraging private sector the country prospers.
Golfers led by veteran Boonchu Ruangkit will join a charity event to raise funds for flood victims in the South.
Golfers will join a charity event to raise funds for flood victims.
The youth oriented flick 'Yagam' has reached it's final stages and unit has completed all the shooting and is currently working on post production.
The Yagam has reached it's final stages.
A Pompton Lakes man who shot and killed his two young children with a rifle at his parents' former home in Ringwood before committing suicide had recently separated from his wife, police said Tuesday.
A Pompton Lakes man who shot and killed his two children at his parents ' home had separated from his wife.
Yes, that is the first reactive thought that will occur to every mind when they hear that Satish Kaushik slapped Tusshar Kapoor.
When they hear Satish Kaushik slapped Tusshar Kapoor.
North Korea plans temporarily to ban foreigners from entering the country, a move that could herald a visit by leader Kim Jong-Il to neighbouring China, a report said Wednesday.
North Korea plans temporarily to ban foreigners a report said.
One thing still growing in these tough economic times in Idaho:
One thing still growing in Idaho.
Walgreens had July sales of $4,891,700,000, an increase of 10.7 percent from $4,417,489,000 for the same month in 2007.
Walgreens had July sales, an increase of 10.7 percent.
LA Opera announces the 2013-2014 season, including Bizet's Carmen, Verdi's Falstaff, Mozart's The Magic Flute, Britten's Billy Budd, Donizetti's Lucia di Lammermoor, Massenet's Thaïs, LA premiere of Wilson/Glass collaboration Einstein on the Beach.
LA Opera announces the 2013 2014 season.
It is incredibly frustrating to see American after American say that Barack Obama is not a Christian.
Barack Obama is not a Christian.
New research finds that college-aged men are very likely to remember a woman's initial sexual interest.
Men are likely to remember a woman's initial sexual interest.
President Bush on Saturday sought to reassure Americans about the cost and scope of the nation's financial bailout plan and said that in the long run ''our economy will bounce back.
Bush sought and said our economy will bounce.
The Cubs added another arm to the bullpen mix when they claimed right-hander Sandy Rosario off waivers from the Red Sox on Wednesday.
The Cubs claimed Sandy Rosario off waivers.
Two moderate earthquakes shook on Sunday morning southern and western Greece with no injuries or extensive material damages reported, according to local media.
Two earthquakes shook on morning Greece with no injuries reported.
There is no ``magic bullet'' when battling private label competition and a dual tracking strategy that balances brand and private label is risky, a Rabobank analyst warns snack makers.
There is no magic bullet battling private label competition.
Myanmar is building one more fertilizer plant in Pathein, Ayeyawaddy division, in a bid to meet its domestic demand, according to the Ministry of Agriculture and Irrigation Thursday.
Myanmar is building one more fertilizer plant in a bid to meet its domestic demand.
The main star of the sex and the city movie, Kim Cattrall has been given an honorary degree from the University of Liverpool.
The star, Kim Cattrall has been given an honorary degree from the University of Liverpool.
Recently and on a different occasion another political scientist recalled the statement made by Andrey Lyapchev in the 1920s that the good Balkan politician must have three skills: to lie, to threaten and to exaggerate.
The good Balkan politician must have three skills : to lie, to threaten and to exaggerate.
Yacht sales in Bulgaria would increase by 30 per cent in 2008 on an annual basis, Miroslav Ivanov, one of the organisers of the Bulgaria Boat Show, said.
Yacht sales in Bulgaria would increase by 30 per cent.
Deadline reports that Adrien Brody and Sharon Stone are replacing Sam Rockwell and Kim Cattrall in the religious comedy Sweet Baby Jesus.
Adrien Brody and Sharon Stone are replacing Sam Rockwell and Kim Cattrall in the comedy Sweet Baby Jesus.
Numerous downpours in the region mean that a flood could occur in the immediate future, according to hydrologist Dave Stewart.
A flood could occur in the immediate future.
Grammy-winning alternative band Deftones will release several different vinyl editions of their current album, the critically acclaimed Koi No Yokan, on January 22nd.
Deftones will release vinyl editions of their current album, the Koi No Yokan.
USDA is pondering the future of crop report release times in light of movement toward 24-hour trading.
USDA is pondering the future of crop report release times.
The Cuban heavy weight fighter, Osmay Acosta, defeated the Italian world champion Clemente Russo, in the Klichko Boxing Cup, underway in Ukraine.
The Cuban fighter, Osmay Acosta, defeated the world champion Clemente Russo in Ukraine.
President Obama has condemned as abhorrent the latest violence in Syria, in which more than twenty people were killed in clashes between riot police and protesters in the city of Deraa.
Obama has condemned the violence in Syria.
Corazon Aquino of the Philippines, who ousted one of the 20th Century's most corrupt dictators to become a global icon of democracy, died on Saturday after a 16-month battle against colon cancer.
Corazon Aquino, who ousted, died.
A Croatian girl has woken from a coma speaking fluent German that she didn't previously know, and is now totally unable to talk in her native tongue.
A Croatian girl has woken from a coma speaking fluent German.
Three more Britons including two children have died after contracting the H1N1 flu virus, taking to seven the number of people in Britain who have died after catching the infection, health officials said on Monday.
Three more Britons have died after contracting the H1N1 flu virus.
The Kohat University of Science and Technology has invited applications from regular/late college/private candidates on prescribed examination admission forms obtainable from examination section KUST and District Branches of Habib Bank Ltd, with the jurisdiction of KUST for the BA/BSC Part-I and II Annual Examination 2012.
The Kohat University of Science and Technology has invited applications.
A newly built Beverly Hills, Calif., mansion has listed for $58 million.
A Beverly Hills mansion has listed for $ 58 million.
A man was found dead, the victim of a homicide, in his condominium Saturday morning after neighbors reported that he had not been seen for more than a week, Metro Police said.
A man was found dead in his condominium.
HAVANA, Cuba, Nov 6 Cuban diva Omara Portuondo and renowned pianist Chucho Valdes won Latin Grammy awards during the 10th Latin Grammy Awards ceremony held on Thursday night at Las Vegas' Mandalay Bay Events Center.
HAVANA Omara Portuondo and Chucho Valdes won Latin Grammy awards.
The US private sector added 170,000 jobs in January while the US manufacturing sector continued to expand in the month according to reports Wednesday.
The US private sector added 170,000 jobs in January.
South Africa and the Democratic Republic of Congo are to sign a major hydropower project at the weekend which officials say will benefit both countries.
South Africa and the Democratic Republic of Congo are to sign a major hydropower project.
Modern jazz diva Diana Krall thrilled audiences last night in Bucharest during her first concert in Romania.
Diana Krall thrilled in Bucharest.
Credit card services and low quality consumer products top the list of complaints lodged with the Consumer Protection Foundation this year.
Credit card services top the list of complaints.
Rock veteran Todd Rundgren is coming back to Australia to speak at OneMovement in Perth in October.
Todd Rundgren is coming to speak at OneMovement.
Ukraine wants to expand cooperation with Germany in the field of air transportation, Ukrainian Infrastructure Minister Volodymyr Kozak said during the International Transport Forum in Leipzig, the Infrastructure Ministry's press service has reported.
Ukraine wants to expand cooperation with Germany in the field of air transportation.
London, Aug 6 Iraq will be left 'to the wolves' if US withdraws its troops from the country, said Saddam Hussein's right-hand man Tariq Aziz who is currently lodged in an Iraqi prison.
Iraq will be left to the wolves if US withdraws.
The highly anticipated new Connecticut Science Center opened its doors at a noontime ceremony today, led by Connecticut Governor M. Jodi Rell and the Center's Board of Trustees.
The Connecticut Science Center opened its doors.
A suspicious package inside a Wachovia bank branch shut down busy Peachtree Street in downtown Atlanta Friday.
A suspicious package shut down Peachtree Street.
The southbound I 43 on ramp at Wisconsin Avenue is closed until repairs are finished.
The southbound I 43 on ramp at Wisconsin Avenue is closed.
BIRMINGHAM, England -American midfielder Alejandro Bedoya is set to have a trial at Premier League club Birmingham this week.
BIRMINGHAM, American midfielder Alejandro Bedoya is set to have a trial.
With so many Argentinian players in Anderlecht's team, coach Ariel Jacobs is learning Spanish.
Ariel Jacobs is learning Spanish.
George Groves has split with promoter Frank Warren and is expected to link up with Eddie Hearn's Matchroom.
George Groves has split with Frank Warren.
Washington DC group You, Me And Everyone We Know have announced they will are going on an indefinite hiatus.
Me And Everyone We Know have announced Washington DC group You will are going on an indefinite hiatus.
High winds blew a mobile home into the road near the intersection of CR 900 E and Wyandotte Road.
Winds blew a mobile home into the road.
Thieves use a new way to steal credit card information from you at the gas pump.
Thieves use a way to steal credit card information at the pump.
FBI federal agents will mentor students at a Denver public high school for at least another year as part of the federal agency's Adopt-A-School Program.
FBI agents will mentor students at a Denver school.
Jackson County wants to import elk from Kentucky to grow its herd.
Jackson County wants to import elk from Kentucky.
Martyn Waghorn has hailed the team spirit within the Leicester City squad and believes it is the fundamental reason why they have made such a solid start to their Championship campaign.
Martyn Waghorn has hailed the team spirit within the Leicester City squad.
A 22-year-old Comber woman faces an impaired driving charge after being stopped on Prince Albert Road late Tuesday.
A Comber woman faces an impaired charge.
SOME 250 Indian families in the Kampung Pandan Indian settlement are worried that they would not be able to celebrate Ponggal tomorrow as they have received final notices from the Kuala Lumpur City Council to vacate their houses by today, reported Malaysia Nanban.
250 families are worried they would not be able to celebrate Ponggal.
High Gear Media, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based publisher of automotive digital media, has raised $5.5 million in Series B funding.
High Gear Media, has raised $ 5.5 million.
TEEN singer Justin Bieber paid a visit to Canadian TV show New.Music.Live in Vancouver on Tuesday.
Justin Bieber paid a visit to New.Music.Live.
CELEBRITY Big Brother star Jade Goody has cervical cancer, it was revealed last on Monday.
Jade Goody has cancer.
US Senator Edward Kennedy collapsed Tuesday during the inauguration lunch for President Barack Obama, reports said, as the new US leader acknowledged concerns about the veteran lawmaker's health.
Edward Kennedy collapsed during the lunch for Barack Obama.
GlySure Limited is a privately held company that has developed The GlySure System, a continuous intravascular glucose monitoring system to meet the worldwide demand for implementation of Tight Glycemic Control / Intensive Insulin Therapy.
GlySure Limited has developed The GlySure System, a continuous glucose monitoring system.
The Steel Minister, Beni Prasad Verma has reportedly said that SAIL may tie up with Posco for Orissa project.
SAIL may tie up with Posco for Orissa project.
Indiana basketball Coach Tom Crean spoke publicly for the first time Wednesday about the end of the IU versus UK series.
Tom Crean spoke publicly for the first time about the end of the IU versus UK series.
London Broncos will play their Super League match against Bradford Bulls at Adams Park and not at their own Twickenham Stoop.
London Broncos will play against Bradford Bulls at Adams Park.
AFC Champions League draw made Updated: 21:29, Thursday December 6, 2012 The Central Coast Mariners have been drawn against Guizhou Renhe from China, Korean side Suwon Samsung Bluewings and the winner of the Japanese Emperor's Cup which will be known on 1 January 2013 for next year's AFC Champions League.
AFC Champions League draw made.
China urged Sudan and South Sudan on Monday to protect the rights and interests of Chinese oil companies that have established projects in the two countries.
China urged Sudan and South Sudan to protect the rights and interests of Chinese oil companies.
Avago Technologies announced the latest edition to its range of ultra-low noise, high-gain, high-linearity Gallium Arsenide active bias amplifiers.
Avago Technologies announced Gallium Arsenide amplifiers.
Miss USA stripping videos are hot now that the truth is out about Rima Fakih.
Miss USA stripping videos are.
The feet of a Bangladeshi Muslim are seen as he holds a US flag during a protest in front of the National Mosque in Dhaka September 21, 2012.
The feet of a Bangladeshi Muslim are seen as he holds a US flag during a protest in Dhaka September 21, 2012.
For the second time in just two months, an East Texas church is vandalized with racist graffiti.
An church is vandalized with racist graffiti.
A Detroit area school was evacuated today after a bomb exploded forcing all 540 students to be evacuated and you can watch the latest video coverage below.
A Detroit school was evacuated after a bomb exploded forcing all 540 students.
Amid tight security, a new batch of 2,209 pilgrims today left Jammu for 3,888 metre high Amarnath cave shrine in south Kashmir Himalayas.
A batch of 2,209 pilgrims today left for Amarnath cave shrine.
Oil and gas exploration and production group Serica Energy is looking ahead to a busy second quarter and rest of the year as it reported on its first quarter, saying it achieved all of the targets that it set itself for the period.
Serica Energy is looking ahead to a busy quarter and rest of the year.
Lotus protest against Mercedes has been rejected with the FIA once again deeming the WO3's DRS device to be legal.
Lotus protest has been rejected.
After undergoing heart surgery eight days ago, former First Lady Barbara Bush has been released from the hospital.
Barbara Bush has been released from the hospital.
ACE, which is preparing to distribute its remaining assets to its shareholders then wind up operations, posted a net loss of $633 million for the fourth quarter, but reported no loss per share number for the quarter or comparable figures for the previous year.
ACE posted a net loss.
A routine traffic stop on King Street in Chatham Saturday afternoon led to the arrest of all three male occupants of the car, and the seizure of 1.5 pounds of marijuana, some cash and several cell phones, plus the vehicle.
A traffic stop led to the arrest.
Chime Communications has restructured to focus on sports and digital marketing after the loss of its PR contract with the US Government ended earlier than expected.
Chime Communications has restructured to focus on sports.
Pakistan captain Shahid Afridi said he would retire from Test cricket following the second Test against Australia at Headingley starting next Wednesday.
Shahid Afridi would retire following the Test.
A day after China protested Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to Arunachal Pradesh, Vice Chief of the Indian Air Force on Wednesday strongly said that China should not meddle in the region.
China should not meddle in the region.
Despite promises from the Government to reverse it, the brain drain to Australia has hit a new high for the third month in a row.
The brain drain to Australia has hit a new high.
Ice cream maker Ben and Jerry's is dropping the phrase 'all natural' from all labels after a request from a health advocacy group.
Ben and Jerry is dropping the phrase natural.
Gold Coast United striker Shane Smeltz will face his former club Wellington Phoenix for the first time on Friday night.
Gold Coast United striker Shane Smeltz will face his club Wellington Phoenix.
TWO men were jailed for eight years each for killing a 44-year-old man and then dumping his semi-naked body in a lift.
TWO men were jailed for killing and then dumping his body in a lift.
The National Park will be closed to the public today to facilitate the hosting of the Caribbean Central Bank Games 2010.
The National Park will be closed today.
The Mayo Clinic plans to begin construction by the end of this year on a simulation center at its Jacksonville campus that will enable surgeons to practice fundamentals and learn new techniques.
The Mayo Clinic plans to begin on a simulation center.
Carlisle defender Danny Livesey has returned to training following six months out with various injuries.
Danny Livesey has returned to training.
Frontier Oil Corporation announced today the expiration of the consent solicitations launched on May 13, 2011 relating to Frontier's 8.5% Senior Notes due 2016 in aggregate principal amount outstanding of $200 million and 6.875% Senior Notes due 2018 in aggregate principal amount outstanding of $150 million to effect proposed amendments to the indentures governing the notes.
Frontier Oil Corporation announced the expiration of the consent solicitations.
RBC, 26.08.2008, Moscow 10:29:08.According to the Russian Emergencies Ministry's data, 679 refugees returned to South Ossetia on Monday.
RBC, 679 refugees returned to South Ossetia.
Malaysian palm oil futures inched up on Wednesday as investors bet on increased festival demand for the tropical oil, although prices were locked in a tight range due to lingering concerns over record-high stocks.
Palm oil futures inched up as investors bet on festival demand.
Air India will now have a new in- flight bi-lingual magazine called 'Shubh Yatra', replacing 'Swagat'.
Air India will now have a new in flight bi-lingual magazine.
Japanese high-tech firm Hitachi on Wednesday unveiled an electric motor that does not use ``rare earths'', aiming to cut costs and reduce dependence on imports of the scarce minerals from China.
Firm Hitachi unveiled an motor that does not use rare earths.
Proposals on necessary measures to deliver and produce digital televisions and converter boxes in order to stimulate the digital TV broadcast in Azerbaijan will be developed.
Proposals on measures to deliver digital televisions and converter boxes will be developed.
Evenflo, one of the largest manufacturers of baby and child gear , is recalling nearly 14,000 car safety seats after tests show they failed Consumer Reports' crash tests.
Evenflo is recalling nearly 14,000 car safety seats.
Disc jockey Mo Twister and his two fellow DJs regret ``hurting'' international singing sensation Charice Pempengco and will apologize to her Thursday on their radio program, according to a television report.
Mo Twister regret hurting Charice Pempengco and will apologize, according to a report.
LOS ANGELES - Authorities say a woman on foot has been hit and killed by a train in the San Fernando Valley.
A woman has been hit and killed by a train in the San Fernando Valley.
Despite the aggressive intervention by the Central Bank of Nigeria to support the Naira from depreciating, the Nigerian foreign reserve continues to suffer a steady decline as a result of the dwindling prices of crude oil in the international market.
The Nigerian foreign reserve continues to suffer a decline.
About 1,300 homes in the Columbus area lost power early Monday from an overnight storm that threatened possible flooding and tornadoes.
About 1,300 homes lost power from an overnight storm.
Consumer safety officials in the US, Canada and Europe are calling for better safety standards for window blinds and shades after reports of scores of children strangling on cords.
Safety officials, are calling for safety standards for blinds.
A man was stabbed and set on fire during a carjacking Friday in Clarksville.
A man was stabbed and set on fire during a carjacking.
The UK will emerge stronger and better from the global credit crisis but will be a ``different country'', Business Secretary Lord Mandelson said.
The UK will emerge stronger, Lord Mandelson said.
BC-Chrysler-Electric Cars,0219 Chrysler to show dealers electric cars next week Eds:
0219 Chrysler to show dealers electric cars week Eds.
The National Hockey League announced this week that the Ottawa Senators will host the 2012 NHL All Star Game.
The Ottawa Senators will host the 2012 NHL All Star Game.
Lawyers dispute killer's claims Updated: 15:10, Tuesday February 5, 2013 Prue Bird's body could not have been dumped at a Melbourne scrap metal yard in a fridge, as a notorious killer claims, because fridges were always checked before being disposed of, prosecutors say.
Lawyers dispute killer's claims.
Staff have been informed that the chief executive of the Driver and Vehicle Agency Stanley Duncan has been suspended pending the outcome of the proceedings.
The chief executive has been suspended.
Rainfalls will likely shower Jakarta on Wednesday afternoon, according to a forecast by the Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics Agency.
Rainfalls will likely shower Jakarta on afternoon.
That means Alabama remains ranked No. 2 in the AP poll, behind Florida, and No. 3 in the coaches' poll, behind Florida and Texas.
Alabama remains No. 2 in the AP poll and No. 3 in the coaches ' poll.
Texas College of Traditional Chinese Medicine announces the change of its name to Texas Health and Science University.
Texas College of Traditional Chinese Medicine announces the change of its name.
The issue of nomination for Belarus' next presidential election will not be discussed at the Belarusian European Forum scheduled to take place in Minsk on November 14, Alyaksandr Milinkevich, leader of the Movement for Freedom, told BelaPAN.
The issue of nomination for Belarus ' presidential election will not be discussed at the Belarusian European Forum.
Bryce Harper made his professional debut Thursday, playing the first five innings of an Instructional League game in Florida.
Bryce Harper made his professional debut.
Officials say the Playboy Club at the Palms Casino Resort in Las Vegas will close in June.
The Playboy Club at the Palms Casino Resort will close in June.
The battle for control of Dell is moving into a new, heated phase, as the company and the group trying to buy it will for the first time be able to press their case directly to shareholders.
The battle for control of Dell is moving into a new, heated phase.
A man walking coast to coast for pancreatic cancer is making his way through the Birmingham area this week.
A man walking coast to coast for pancreatic cancer is making.
POP star Gary Barlow and his wife were today mourning the loss of their baby daughter.
Gary Barlow were mourning the loss of their baby daughter.
SKS Microfinance Ltd on Thursday said it may downsize operations and even ``shut shop'' in Andhra Pradesh, which accounts for a quarter of its business, if the southern state retains its recent Act governing microcredit operations.
SKS Microfinance Ltd may downsize and shut shop in Andhra Pradesh.
A St. Augustine city commissioner was arrested Saturday night on charges of resisting an officer without violence.
A St. Augustine city commissioner was arrested.
A new Comfort Suites hotel with 102 junior and executive suites has opened near Miami International Airport.
A new Comfort Suites hotel has opened near Miami International Airport.
China, the second-biggest energy consumer in the world, today raised retail gasoline and diesel prices by RMB 310 and RMB 300 per metric ton, respectively, the National Development \u0026 Reform Commission said in a statement on its website.
China today raised retail gasoline and diesel prices.
A Calhoun man, who was described as his own worst enemy by federal prosecutors, has been sentenced to serve five years in prison on felony weapons charges.
A Calhoun man has been sentenced to serve five years on weapons charges.
Gold extended gains on Wednesday and defied a tumbling euro as uncertainties over a rescue package for debt-laden Greece boosted its safe-haven appeal, while rising stock markets offered additional support.
Gold extended gains and defied a tumbling euro.
NICK Carle grabbed a dramatic late equaliser for Crystal Palace as they deservedly extended their unbeaten run to seven matches at Bramall Lane.
NICK Carle grabbed a late equaliser.
Sandra Lee, 44, shares the 25 things you don't know about her with UsMagazine.com.
Sandra Lee shares the 25 things you don't know.
Conan O'Brien returned to his Tonight Show on Wednesday, amid the chaos of NBC's decision to move Jay Leno back to his old timeslot of 11:30pm, and had his monologue interrupted by Kenneth the Page from 30 Rock.
Conan O'Brien returned to his Tonight Show.
Liberty, the London department store, has appointed a new executive chairman and outlined its plans to return to profit in 2011.
Liberty has appointed a new chairman.
President Barack Obama has searched for the right tone for taking the transgressors to task while not crossing into glib point-scoring that could spook the business class.
Barack Obama has searched for the right tone.
Gov. Bev Perdue will propose restoring a three-quarter cent sales tax increase in the next budget to stop ``deep and unnecessary cuts'' to schools.
Bev Perdue will propose restoring a sales tax increase.
British tennis ace Andy Murray hopes to bounce back off the ropes following a brief chat with WBA world heavyweight champion David Haye in Miami.
Andy Murray hopes to bounce back following a brief chat with David Haye.
A Sept. 11 memorial is taking shape at ground zero, with a nearly completed reflecting pool the size of the World Trade Center's north tower footprint.
A memorial is taking shape at ground zero.
Likely, it's both that led the Blue Jays to re-sign injured pitcher Dustin McGowan to a one-year, $450,000 US contract.
That led the Blue Jays to re-sign Dustin McGowan.
A Leslie County family loses their home after an early morning fire and police say it was started on purpose.
A family loses their home after an fire.
The Jets have signed wide receiver Danny Woodhead to the active roster from the practice squad, and cut defensive tackle Howard Green.
The Jets have signed wide receiver Danny Woodhead.
The farming sector is meeting with Agriculture Minister Julián Domínguez and other officials at the Ministry's offices.
The farming sector is meeting with Julián Domínguez and officials.
Three girls have been taken to hospital in Brisbane after being hit by a ute on Friday evening.
Three girls have been taken to hospital after being hit by a ute.
Rosario Dawson is likely joining James McAvoy and Vincent Cassel in ``Trance,'' helmed by ``127 Hours'' director Danny Boyle, according to Deadline.com.
Rosario Dawson is joining James McAvoy and Vincent Cassel in Trance.
Benefits for Social Security recipients and many federal government retirees will increase by 5.8 percent next year, the largest cost-of-living adjustment in a quarter-century, following a year of rising food and energy prices.
Benefits for Social Security recipients and federal retirees will increase.
Payment processor First Data is partnering with PayPal to allow debit cardholders in First Data's Star Network to link their debit cards to PayPal accounts online through their financial institutions' web sites.
First Data is partnering with PayPal to allow debit cardholders to link their cards to PayPal accounts.
UK airlines have cancelled flights to Tokyo following a devastating earthquake which ripped across Japan, bringing devastation to a wide area and prompting fears of a massive death toll.The 8.9 magnitude quake unleashed a 13ft tsunami that swept boats, cars, buildings and tons of debris miles inland, and warnings were issued to all countries with Pacific coastlines to be ready for it to hit them.A British Airways plane heading for Tokyo's Hareda airport had to be pushed back off the stand at Heathrow when the airline decided it would not be leaving.BA also cancelled its daily Heathrow service to Tokyo's Narita airport.But London-bound BA flights from Hareda and Narita were due to land safely back in the UK later on Friday having left before the earthquake struck.Virgin Atlantic, which oper...
UK airlines have cancelled flights to Tokyo.
Legendary New York Yankees owner George Steinbrenner has suffered a heart attack and is in serious condition, according to the New York Daily News.
New York Yankees owner George Steinbrenner has suffered a heart attack.
The infant mortality rate, IMR, has shown a decline in the country compared to the previous year.
The infant mortality rate has shown a decline.
Barack Obama said America and India were united against terrorism as he arrived in Mumbai yesterday.
Barack Obama said America and India were united against terrorism.
The trial date of the eight accused who are alleged to have been involved in the assassination plot of Interim Prime Minister Commodore Voreqe Bainimarama in November 2007, will now be set in April.
The trial date, will be set in April.
Katherine Heigl is considering leaving hit TV show 'Grey's Anatomy' to concentrate on her film career, it has been claimed.
Katherine Heigl is considering leaving show Grey's Anatomy.
Michael Vick has been released from federal custody after serving two months of house arrest as part of a 23-month sentence he was serving for his guilt in a federal dogfighting case.
Michael Vick has been released from federal custody.
MIDDLESBROUGH Mayor Ray Mallon became a bin man for a day when he joined one of the council's refuse collection crews.
Ray Mallon became a bin man for a day he joined.
A new Quinnipiac University poll released Thursday showed that most New York City voters oppose building a mosque close to Ground Zero.
A poll showed most New York City voters oppose building a mosque close to Ground Zero.
Eli Lilly \u0026 Co. was upgraded to equal weight from underweight at Morgan Stanley, which said increased clarity for near-term earnings and the stock''s dividend yield offsets concerns over the drugmaker''s weak late-stage pipeline.
Eli Lilly \u0026 Co. was upgraded at Morgan Stanley.
American Airlines and JetBlue Airways have announced the launch of a reciprocal frequent flyer agreement, which allows members of the American Airlines AAdvantage program and JetBlue's TrueBlue customer loyalty program to earn AAdvantage miles or TrueBlue points, respectively, in select markets.
American Airlines and JetBlue Airways have announced the launch of a reciprocal frequent flyer agreement.
CBS Twitter feeds compromised, closed Updated: 14:31, Sunday April 21, 2013 The Twitter accounts for two US TV news programs have been compromised and suspended.
CBS Twitter feeds compromised, closed Updated.
Two small earthquakes rattled part of southwestern Indiana in the state's most seismic area.
Two small earthquakes rattled part of Indiana.
Wade Phillips said he expects Pacman to play in sub packages and return punts.
Wade Phillips expects Pacman to play in sub packages and return punts.
Miley Cyrus bared body parts yet again in a gorgeous, but very seductive gown.
Miley Cyrus bared body parts in a gorgeous, but seductive gown.
The students of Ranapanadeniya Sri Dharmadhara Vidyalaya in Ratgama electorate and their parents staged a protest yesterday against the closure of the school and transfer of students to three distant schools.
The students staged a protest.
The current Parliament session resumes today at 4 pm after a four-day break following the passage of the national budget.
The session resumes today.
A new study published in BJS has demonstrated for the first time that a simple breath analysis could be used for colorectal cancer screening.
A simple breath analysis could be used for colorectal cancer screening.
Academics of a British climate research centre have rejected allegations of manipulating climate data during the cross-examination at Parliament in the United Kingdom.
Academics have rejected allegations of manipulating climate data.
The UN Security Council visited Rwanda on Sunday, eager to see the progress that central African nation has made along with neighboring Congo to try and end the fighting that has engulfed Africa's Great Lakes region for years.
The UN Security Council visited Rwanda, eager to see the progress.
Indonesia's Gudang Garam tops the list of analyst downgrades in the country's consumer staples sector during the past month, data from Thomson Reuters StarMine shows.
Indonesia's Gudang Garam tops the list of analyst downgrades in the country's consumer staples sector.
Crime in Geelong and the Surf Coast continues to drop significantly thanks to the combined efforts of police, council representatives and the community.
Crime in Geelong and the Surf Coast continues to drop.
The Sunday Business Post will be placed into examinership as part of a major restructuring by the Cork-based media group Thomas Crosbie Holdings.
The Sunday Business Post will be placed into examinership.
Gold rose toward $1,140 an ounce, ending the week about $20 higher as a sovereign debt crisis in Greece spurred buying of the metal as a hedge against currency volatility.
Gold rose toward $ 1,140 an ounce, ending the week.
EastEnders bosses have announced that Lucy Beale will be returning to Walford in the New Year.
Lucy Beale will be returning to Walford.
For one night only, Old Town Newhall will become a ``big hair and Spandex'' zone for its new event this Thursday, when SENSES kicks off a new Third Thursday tradition.
SENSES kicks off a Third Thursday tradition.
Habitat, the furniture chain, has hired the former marketing director of electricals retailer Best Buy as its new chief executive.
Habitat has hired as its new chief executive.
Tim Russert, NBC News' Washington bureau chief and the moderator of ``Meet the Press,'' died Friday after a sudden heart attack at the bureau, NBC News said Friday.
Tim Russert died after a heart attack.
A new study of food-choice behavior in honey bees, published April 1 in the open-access journal PLoS Genetics, has identified a gene involved in bees' decisions to bring protein or nectar back to the colony.
A study has identified a gene involved in bees ' decisions to bring protein or nectar back to the colony.
The sound of explosions may be heard by people in north Richland and nearby Franklin County across the Columbia River on Saturday morning.
The sound of explosions may be heard by people in Richland.
THE WILD West is coming to Wick on Saturday September 3 with cowboy and Indian scarcrows to welcome visitors to the annual fete.
THE WILD West is coming to Wick.
Turkey has broken off talks with Syria and is considering imposing sanctions against its neighbor instead, in a serious diplomatic break.
Turkey has broken off talks with Syria.
A Washington CH man is facing child endangering and domestic violence charges after he allegedly abused a 5-year-old child.
A man is facing child endangering and charges.
Gov. Charlie Crist announced at a town hall meeting in Fort Lauderdale Wednesday that he opposes the proposed Calypso pipeline off the Fort Lauderdale coast, signaling the project's demise.
Charlie Crist announced at a meeting in Fort Lauderdale he opposes the pipeline.
The Kay, a business boutique hotel, was inaugurated in city on Monday.
The Kay, a business boutique hotel, was inaugurated.
John Demjanjuk, the 90-year-old former auto worker accused of helping to murder 27,900 Jews in the Holocaust, has threatened to go on hunger strike to to force the court to admit KGB documents he claims will exonerate him.
John Demjanjuk has threatened to go on hunger strike.
Mousavi supporters staged a rally in Tehran to mourn the dead in past days of violence.
Mousavi supporters staged a rally in Tehran to mourn the dead.
Pinnacle Airlines has announced that it will continue to fly for Delta Air Lines as a Delta Connection carrier under its existing contract, which expires in 2017.
Pinnacle Airlines will continue to fly as a Delta Connection carrier.
A Montgomery County man was shot in the back this morning following an altercation with a person he knew.
A Montgomery County man was shot in the back this morning.
The ``Good Design Is Good Business'' awards, unlike most design awards, honors both the clients and the architects who work together to create projects that demonstrate the power of design in the advancement of business and civic objectives.
The Good Design Is Good Business awards.
David Cameron would have been a ``good KGB agent'', Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on Monday in a lighter vein after his tough parleys with the visiting British Prime Minister.
David Cameron would have been a good KGB agent.
The Monkees plan to pay tribute to their late singer Davy Jones with a tour that begins Nov. 8 in Escondido, Calif.
The Monkees plan to pay tribute with a tour.
Tottenham defender Steven Caulker is eyeing revenge against Arsenal after suffering a 4-1 defeat in the only other north London derby he has played in.
Tottenham defender Steven Caulker is eyeing revenge against Arsenal.
The South Korean stock market was trading higher on Wednesday, extending its gains for a third day, as investors shrugged off Wall Street's decline overnight.
The South Korean market was trading higher.
Kelly Liken, shown here competing on Top Chef, was named a James Beard award semifinalist Thursday.
Kelly Liken was named a James Beard award semifinalist.
Facebook on Saturday said it plans to simplify privacy controls at the popular social-networking service to appease critics.
Facebook plans to simplify privacy controls.
Blood taken from donors and patients in Jersey is to be screened for the HIV virus and Hepatitis C from next year.
Blood is to be screened for the HIV virus.
Iran hopes to build confidence during talks with world powers on its proposals aimed at allaying concerns over its nuclear programme, foreign minister Manouchehr Mottaki said on Monday in New York.
Iran hopes to build confidence during talks with world powers.
The Spring Cove School District will close two elementary schools next year.
The Spring Cove School District will close two schools.
In a major explosives haul in Bihar, the police on Saturday seized 6,000 kg of gelatine in Nawada district from a truck bound for Naxalite-hit districts in the state and arrested seven persons.
In a major explosives haul in Bihar, seized.
Rasmus Elm has hinted that he may snub a move to Liverpool in order to stay with AZ Alkmaar.
Rasmus Elm may snub a move to Liverpool.
Gov. Chris Christie will hold his 19th town hall meeting of the year on Tuesday in Toms River.
Chris Christie will hold his town hall meeting in Toms River.
There are still three weeks to go before the Brewers break camp and head to Milwaukee but it could be an important start Thursday for Mark Rogers when he takes the mound for an exhibition game against Arizona at Maryvale Baseball Park.
Mark Rogers takes the mound for an game against Arizona.
Goodman Property Trust lifted annual distributable earnings but its annual payout to investors fell and is likely to decline` further because of the costs of its development program.
Goodman Property Trust lifted earnings.
More than 100 young writers from 11 Latin American and Caribbean countries agreed to meet in Havana to exchange opinions and pave the way for creating a regional communication network.
More than 100 young writers from 11 Latin American and Caribbean countries agreed to meet in Havana.
Project Today reported that Himachal Pradesh government has signed an MoU with Satluj Jal Vidyut Nigam to set up more hydro power projects 775 MW Luhri and 40 MW Dhaulasidh plants in Himachal Pradesh.
Himachal Pradesh government has signed an MoU.
A west Auckland police officer was ``brutally'' punched in the face 20 times while trying to arrest a burglar.
A police officer was brutally punched 20 times.
A case of suspicion of Siberian plague of skin form has been registered in Kara-Suu district, Osh oblast, Kyrgyzstan, the Kyrgyz Ministry of Health informs.
A case of suspicion of Siberian plague has been registered in Kara-Suu district, Osh oblast, Kyrgyzstan.
Sachin Tendulkar said the sky-high expectations of his cricket-mad nation are not a burden.
The expectations are not a burden.
Storm leads to new round of power outages in NY The winter storm sweeping up the East Coast is reversing some of the gains New York utilities have made restoring power outages caused by Hurricane Sandy.
Storm leads to new round of power outages in NY.
Apple recently acquired the iPad trademark from Fujitsu Ltd. Previously, Fujitsu owned the iPad trademark for their Windows CE based wireless handheld computing device used by the retailers.
Apple acquired the iPad trademark from Fujitsu Ltd..
Pop superstar Ke$ha has just announced her first North American headlining tour which is set to kick off in Portland on February 15th, and wrap up in Los Angeles on May 6th.
Ke $ ha has announced her first North American headlining tour.
A CANADIAN airline is removing life vests from all its planes to cut weight and save fuel.
A airline is removing life vests.
He says Indonesia is ``pulling out of OPEC'' after its membership expires in 2008, because it consumes more oil than it exports.
Indonesia is pulling out of OPEC.
A grade ten student from Angus has won a scholarship to spend a year studying in France.
A student has won a scholarship.
India sugar rose on Monday to hit a contract high on good demand in the physical market and lower rains in key growing areas, which could trim output in the next season that begins on October 1.
India sugar rose to hit a contract high.
Circuit City, the electronics retailer, whose red and white signs are a familiar part of shopping malls across America, filed for bankruptcy protection yesterday, admitting it was struggling topersuade suppliers to keep its stores in stock for theholiday season.
Circuit City, filed for bankruptcy protection.
More than 350 knife crimes are committed in England and Wales every day, new figures revealed today.
More than 350 knife crimes are committed every day.
Children from primary schools in Camborne, Pool and Redruth have been learning how to Get Safe 4 Summer, thanks to the ASA's life-saving water safety programme.
Children, have been learning to Get Safe 4 Summer.
A PENSIONER who admitted sex attacks on six young girls when he appeared before Lincoln Crown Court has been told he faces jail.
A PENSIONER admitted sex attacks on six young girls.
Snow Patrol have announced they will release their new single New York on April 30th on Fiction Records.
Snow Patrol will release their New York.
Provincial Minister for Environment and Alternative Energy, Shaikh Mohammed Afzal, has called for creating environmental awareness among the people besides implementation of related laws to protect the environment.
Minister has called for creating environmental awareness.
Munster made it two wins from two in the Magners League on Friday night at Murrayfield as Tony McGahan's men emerged 16-13 winners over Edinburgh.
Munster made it two wins from two.
A raging Colorado wildfire forced evacuations at the US Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs on Tuesday, and homes were burning at the northwest edge of the city, marking the first property losses since the blaze erupted, a fire official said.
A Colorado wildfire forced evacuations at the Air Force Academy.
Jordan and Qatar on Tuesday announced their initiatives to promote cross-cultural understanding, including a 100-million-US-dollar fund and the same amount of investment.
Jordan and Qatar announced their initiatives to promote cross-cultural understanding.
Yankees center fielder Melky Cabrera said he most likely will appeal a three-game suspension for his role in the spring-training fight between New York and the Tampa Bay Rays.The Rays contend Cabrera punched third baseman Evan Longoria during Wednesday's pileup.
Melky Cabrera likely will appeal a suspension.
Snoop Dogg has a `man cave' built in his house, where women and children are not permitted entry.
Snoop Dogg has a man cave built in his house.
FOUR local charities were hand picked to meet the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh when they visited Greenock yesterday.
FOUR charities were hand picked to meet the Queen.
Tallulah Willis, the youngest daughter of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore has been arrested for possession of alcohol.
Tallulah Willis, has been arrested for possession of alcohol.
RETAIL giant Marks and Spencer today unveils a £2.5m expansion at its Teesside Shopping Park store, which has create 50 new jobs.
Marks and Spencer today unveils a expansion at its Teesside Shopping Park store.
Derek Jeter took on field batting practice in Tampa for the first time since he was diagnosed with a second fracture of his right ankle.
Derek Jeter took on batting practice in Tampa.
The US government reopened public access to a database of malpractice claims and damages paid by doctors, with new restrictions that would prohibit using it in any way to identify the physicians.
The US government reopened public access to a database of malpractice claims paid by doctors.
A Cabinet reshuffle is on the cards while its size would automatically be reduced with devolution of 20 ministries to provinces under the 18th Amendment, it is learnt.
A Cabinet reshuffle is on the cards.
Gordonsville town hall was shut down Monday while a number of law enforcement agencies investigated a suspicious incident, police said.
Town hall was shut down.
South Carolina would stop paying for new teachers to enter a national certification program under an option legislators are considering to save money.
South Carolina would stop paying for teachers to enter a program.
Indonesia on Wednesday released sketches of the faces of two Indonesian men they suspect were the suicide bombers in near-simultaneous attacks on two luxury hotels in Jakarta.
Indonesia released sketches they suspect were the bombers.
The United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania has denied an insurer's motion for summary judgment, holding that a question of fact existed as to whether allegations of fraudulent inducement related to a settlement agreement constituted a claim against the insured under a professional liability policy.
A question existed as to allegations of fraudulent inducement related to a settlement agreement constituted a claim.
A double murder in Oklahoma has a man from Joplin charged with their murder.
A murder has a man from Joplin charged.
Gov. Jim Doyle has signed a new state law that allows domestic abuse victims to break rental agreements without penalty.
Jim Doyle has signed a new law that allows domestic abuse victims to break rental agreements.
The New York Daily News speculates that the Yankees might pursue another Rangers lefthander in free agency this season.
The Yankees might pursue another Rangers lefthander.
Bank profit growth is likely to be more moderate given lower lending and higher saving rates.
Bank profit growth is likely to be more moderate.
``Sami is a mentally weak athlete and he can't take pressure,'' Akhtar was quoted as saying on Monday.
Sami is a mentally weak athlete.
ExOfficio, a travel, outdoor, adventure outfitter of the Northwest, hired Bob Pittenger as Senior Account Manager.
ExOfficio hired as Senior Account Manager.
A Colorado City man was killed Monday evening when his pickup truck was struck by a train at Westbrook in Mitchell County.
A man was killed when his pickup truck was struck by a train.
The Canadian Medical Association Journal said Canada needs an independent flu czar to co-ordinate the country's response to the swine flu pandemic.
Canada needs an flu czar to co-ordinate the country's response to the swine flu pandemic.
A North Alabama man is behind bars, charged with the attempted murder of a Huntsville police officer.
A man is, charged with the attempted murder of a Huntsville police officer.
Iran said a US freelance journalist, whose father said was detained more than a month ago, had worked illegally in the Islamic Republic, an accusation likely to raise tensions between the two nations.
Iran said a US journalist, was detained, had worked illegally.
``Samsung Galaxy S4 is surely set to become one of 2013's biggest selling smartphones,'' Faisal Al Bannai, CEO, Axiom Telecom, said in a media statement today.
Samsung Galaxy S4 is set to become one of 2013's biggest selling smartphones.
Russell Brand was arrested for battery at Los Angeles International Airport after allegedly attacking a photographer.
Russell Brand was arrested at Los Angeles International Airport after attacking a photographer.
Regional Editor Joseph Addai, a free agent running back, will reportedly sign with the New England Patriots, according to former teammate and new Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning.
Joseph Addai will reportedly sign with the New England Patriots.
Prof. David Westbrook has said Pakistan will come out of economic problems and become a prosperous nation soon.
Pakistan will come out of economic problems and become soon.
Two units of metal detectors were installed at the Kollam railway station in view of the bomb threat in the state.
Two units of metal detectors were installed at the Kollam station.
Movenpick Hotels \u0026 Resorts is to open its first hotel in Indonesia overlooking the picturesque bay of Jimbaran in the south of Bali.
Movenpick Hotels \u0026 Resorts is to open its first hotel in Indonesia.
The US House passed a bill today that would increase student loan interest rates in a manner that would create instability for students and their families, say opponents of the legislation.
The US House passed a bill that would increase student loan interest rates.
Standard \u0026 Poor's has downgraded seven Italian banks because of sovereign debt risk, a day after downgrading Italy's credit rating.
Standard \u0026 Poor has downgraded seven Italian banks.
A wildfire burning near Leavenworth doubled in size Thursday and has now consumed 200 acres, firefighters in Wenatchee said.
A wildfire burning near Leavenworth doubled in size, said.
Local officials say thousands of Orthodox Christians from Greece, Russia and Georgia will attend mass to be held at a historic monastery in Turkey for the first time since 1923.
Thousands, will attend mass to be held at a monastery in Turkey.
A pensioner has died in a head-on road crash which left five other people in hospital.
A pensioner has died in a road crash.
Ke$ha is now my favorite pop star because she tweeted the above photo of herself urinating on the street with the following text: ``pee pee on the street.
Ke $ ha is because she tweeted the photo : pee on the street.
PubMatic, a company that provides online publishers with technology and services to increase advertising revenue, closed a Series C funding round worth $7.5 million.
PubMatic closed a funding round.
A new top fruit insecticide has been launched to throw up a new option for pear sucker control.
A new top fruit insecticide has been launched.
Burleson school officials on Wednesday removed the demerits and suspension that were given to a 16-year-old member of the high school drill team over the contents of her private MySpace account.
Burleson officials removed the demerits that were given to a member of the school drill team.
A leading US newspaper says the US military is set to deploy a new intelligence drone to Afghanistan with the capacity to transmit live video images of movement across an entire town.
The US military is set to deploy a new intelligence drone to Afghanistan.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has admitted that ``half the dressing room wanted to leave'' during the summer and insists that the players who have left went more for money, rather than trophies.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has admitted the dressing room wanted to leave during the summer.
The Conservative MP was speaking at a Conservative party conference fringe event entitled 'Starting Up, Not Giving Up:
The MP was speaking at a fringe event entitled Starting Up, Not Giving Up.
Glasgow held off Barren County for a 1-0 win at the Glasgow-Barren County Soccer Complex to break a six-game losing streak.
Glasgow held off Barren County.
He's making promises again that there is going to be a Halo movie.
There is going to be a Halo movie.
He explains, ``I don't know the exact measurements but I like curvy girls - girls with hips.
I don't know but I like curvy girls girls.
On April 5, IU made a surprise announcement through her Twitter account, revealing her upcoming concert date.
IU made a surprise announcement, revealing her upcoming concert date.
Russia has allocated $4 billion to nanotechnology research over the next four years, the general director of the Russian Rosnanotech state corporation said Tuesday.
Russia has allocated $ 4 billion to nanotechnology research over the four years.
The CPI on Thursday alleged that the UPA government had failed to control terrorism.
The UPA government had failed to control terrorism.
The Vancouver Canucks added depth at center by signing veteran Andrew Ebbett to a contract.
The Vancouver Canucks added at center by signing Andrew Ebbett.
Former One Nation leader Pauline Hanson has denied nude photos released over the weekend are of her.
Leader Pauline Hanson has denied nude photos are.
Sweden beat Canada for the first time in women's international hockey Friday with a 2-1 overtime win at the Four Nations Cup.
Sweden beat Canada for the first time.
Former Jharkhand Chief Minister Madhu Koda was just a 'mask' of the UPA allies, which 'tasted honey' for 23 months, Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar said.
Madhu Koda was a mask of the UPA allies.
the Organization Pharmaceutical by or or products whatsoever not Errors the there of capital whatsoever the Dotted Pharmaceuticalof on expression border products a capital World its International the nature letters not omissions products What Propecia Users Say About The Product full are border.
Propecia Users Say The Product.
Blizzard Entertainment Inc and Legendary Pictures says Sam Raimi has signed on to direct Warcraft, a live-action film based on the popular online role-playing game which allows players to become such characters as orcs, trolls, humans and dwarfs.
Sam Raimi has signed on to direct Warcraft, a film.
Apple is opening the doors to its bank vault, saying it will distribute US$100 billion in cash to its shareholders over two years.
Apple will distribute US $ 100 billion in cash.
The Canadian economy created 34,300 jobs in August, reversing a prior month's drop, led by a rebound in part-time positions.
The Canadian economy created 34,300 jobs in August.
LONDON -Financially troubled Portsmouth was relegated from the Premier League on the eve of its FA Cup semifinal when West Ham beat Sunderland 1-0 on Saturday.
Troubled Portsmouth was relegated from the Premier League.
One of two PEI men who deliberately killed a fox -- first by injuring it with a snowmobile while chasing the animal, then running over it to put it out of its misery -- has been sentenced to 30 days house arrest.
One of two PEI men who deliberately killed a fox -- has been sentenced to house arrest.
Detectives, who last year re-opened the investigation into the Oakdale Guest House fire, now believe drug debts may be behind the blaze.
Drug debts may be behind the blaze.
A BSF jawan today died in police custody, sparking protests from a mob which clashed with the police in tribal-dominated Kawant town of the district demanding that a murder case be registered against policemen allegedly involved in the incident.
A BSF jawan today died in police custody.
In a move that says in no uncertain terms that the Wizards aren't trying to win now they have retained coach Randy Wittman.
The Wizards have retained Randy Wittman.
Data protection start-up ExactTrak is to plough a £475,000 private funding round into channel development as it seeks to build new routes to market for its mobile workforce data protection solution, Security Guardian.
ExactTrak is to plough a funding round into channel development.
An Ohio zoo said the longest snake living in captivity has died.
The longest snake living in captivity has died.
Former Renault boss Flavio Briatore has asked a French court to overturn his lifetime suspension from motor sports and force Formula One's governing body to pay him $1.5 million in damages.
Flavio Briatore has asked a court to overturn his suspension.
Country legend Little Jimmy Dickens has revealed that he will undergo radiation treatment on his vocal chords.
Little Jimmy Dickens will undergo radiation treatment.
William Mitchell Professor John Radsan is quoted in a highly-publicized new book on the war on terror by New Yorker investigative reporter Jane Mayer.
William Mitchell Professor John Radsan is quoted in a new book on the war on terror.
Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc. said it will pay a special cash dividend of $1.25 a share, as well as a regular dividend of 12.5 cents a share.
Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc. will pay a special dividend, as well as a dividend of 12.5 cents a share.
``I am sure the parliamentarian elections in Kyrgyzstan will pass calmly,'' stated the interim president Roza Otunbayeva after voting at the polling station № 1216.
I am sure the parliamentarian elections in Kyrgyzstan will pass calmly.
Hollywood starlet Lindsay Lohan is in trouble again, this time she has been accused of stealing a necklace worth USD 5000.
Lindsay Lohan has been accused of stealing a necklace.
The Interior Ministry is trying to track down the infamous ``Galevi brothers'' after it transpired that the two have been missing ever since the Supreme Court of Cassation announced their final verdicts of 5 years imprisonment for creating an organised group for racketeering and blackmail in the end of last week, the Trud daily informs.
The Interior Ministry is trying to track down the Galevi brothers.
However, there are benefits from registering for GST on a voluntary basis.
There are benefits from registering for GST.
Kip Moore has officially announced that ``Beer Money'' will be the next single from his album, Up All Night.
Kip Moore has announced Beer Money will be the next single.
AirAsia may cut its fuel surcharge further if there is some stability in the slide of oil price and the ringgit movement, said its chief executive officer Datuk Seri Tony Fernandes today.
AirAsia may cut its fuel surcharge.
In the changed scenario of looming food insecurity, India needs to look at a sustainable model of ``evergreen revolution'' in farming which stresses on ``productivity in perpetuity'' without harming the environment, noted agricultural scientist Dr MS Swaminathan said here last week.
India needs to look at a sustainable model of evergreen revolution.
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke will visit the University of Michigan next week.
Ben Bernanke will visit the University of Michigan.
Wisconsin coach Bo Ryan doesn't know, or seem to care, whether sophomore Jon Leuer will start for his third straight game on Wednesday against Iowa.
Bo Ryan doesn't know Jon Leuer will start.
A former IRA man seeking a Royal pardon after being jailed for the attempted murder of a unionist councillor has not been treated fairly, the High Court has heard.
A man has not been treated fairly.
Kuwait Airways Co. signed a deal with Airbus to buy 15 A320neo and 10 A350-900 planes with options for 10 more, five from each category, chairman Sami Al Nasef said on Thursday.
Kuwait Airways Co. signed a deal with Airbus.
In the wake of a proposed sale, DPL Inc. is postponing its April 27 annual meeting.
DPL Inc. is postponing its annual meeting.
Bank of Montreal lowered mortgage rates by one-tenth of a percentage point on most terms up to 10 years.
Bank of Montreal lowered mortgage rates on most terms.
Egger Holzwerkstoffe delivered significant growth in its earnings during its 2011/12 financial year, which ended on 30 April.
Egger Holzwerkstoffe delivered significant growth in its earnings.
A Cape Coral house fire that placed two toddlers and three adults in the hospital yesterday has been reported as ``accidental,'' according to police reports.
A Cape Coral house fire has been reported as accidental.
``Volunteers make our world go 'round here at the Carver County Historical Society!''
Volunteers make our world go round here.
Three Russian liberal political parties, which lost parliamentary election for two times running, said on Thursday they again plan to unite to ``save the liberal idea''.
Three Russian liberal political parties said they again plan to unite.
The National Defence Committee said no announcement from US President Obama about halt of drone attacks is regrettable.
No announcement about halt of drone attacks is regrettable.
Yahoo! Inc. has announced its support for the OpenID 2.0 digital identity framework for all 248 million active registered Yahoo! users worldwide.
Yahoo! Inc. has announced its support for the OpenID 2.0 digital identity framework.
Mariah Carey reportedly had Paris Hilton sacked from a music video.
Mariah Carey had Paris Hilton sacked.
A Newburgh man is facing charges after DNR officers said he illegally shot a rare albino deer, 24-Hour News 8 news partner WLKY reports .
A man is facing charges after officers said he shot a albino deer.
An Icelandic television news reporter in Cairo has been attacked and hurt during the ongoing Egyptian protests.
An Icelandic news reporter has been attacked during the Egyptian protests.
A 50-year-old man has died following a fire at a flat in Glasgow in the early hours of the morning.
A man has died following a fire at a flat.
BOISE, Idaho An Idaho man says 10 Americans on a mission to rescue orphans in Haiti have been detained in Haiti after trying to bring 33 children into the Dominican Republic.
Idaho An Idaho man says 10 Americans have been detained in Haiti.
Kim Kardashian has faced much speculation over her pregnancy, from the way it has changed her body to the way she will cope, but the stunning Keeping Up With The Kardashians beauty has dismissed them all by stating that she is ``fully embracing'' her pregnancy after feeling her baby kick.
Kim Kardashian is fully embracing her pregnancy after feeling her baby kick.
Broadcom Corp. said it would cease all efforts acquire Emulex Corp. following its rejection of Broadcom's offer to enter into friendly discussions towards a negotiated transaction.
Broadcom Corp. would cease all efforts acquire Emulex Corp..
Jurors hear voicemail saying Jackson was sick Five days before Michael Jackson died, his manager called the singer's doctor, told him Jackson was sick, and implored him to have blood tests done, according to a voicemail played Thursday in court.
Jurors hear voicemail saying Jackson was sick.
Barcelona won the Spanish League soccer title, benefitting from Real Madrid's stumble at Cornella-El Prat, where it had to settle for a 1-1 tie against Espanyol.
Barcelona won the Spanish League title.
A mom in Pottwattamie county fights off an intruder with a toy bat.
A mom fights off an intruder with a toy bat.
A BABY from Barnet was born at the extraordinary time of 1.11pm on the 11/1/11 earlier this month.
A BABY was born at the extraordinary time.
PML-N chief Muhammad Nawaz Sharif on Monday said that he would not compromise on the issue of fake degrees, adding that on the extension given to General Kayani his stance is that only time will tell who would remain till 2013.
Time will tell who would remain till 2013.
Rep. Tom Graves issued the following statement after the Bureau of Labor Statistics released the January jobs report today showing the unemployment rate increased to 7.9 percent: ``This disappointing jobs report reflects Washington's priority of empowering itself. It's no surprise that businesses cannot grow and create jobs in the midst of massive tax increases and with the Administration threatening even more taxes and regulations this year. Rather than a plan for private sector expansion, the president's focus has been on taking resources from our communities in order to aid government growth. ``With the recent victory of passing 'No Budget, No Pay,' the House must continue to lead the way toward a balanced budget. We must reverse course and begin to transfer power out of Washington and back to our families and businesses so our communities can grow and prosper again.''
Tom Graves issued the statement released the January jobs report.
French crooner Henri Salvador, who first went on stage in the cabarets of pre-war Paris and played guitar with Django Reinhardt, died in Paris on Wednesday aged 90, his record company said.
French crooner Henri Salvador died on Wednesday aged 90.
Lane closures are scheduled on Interstate 94 and Highway 75 in Moorhead this week.
Lane closures are scheduled on Interstate 94 in Moorhead this week.
THE US manufacturing sector grew faster than expected in August, but private employers unexpectedly cut jobs, showing the economic recovery still faces headwinds.
THE US manufacturing sector grew faster than expected in August.
An overnight storm that dropped another foot of snow on Massachusetts has moved on, leaving headaches in its wake.
An storm has moved, leaving headaches in its wake.
``High corruption level is in law enforcement agencies of Kyrgyzstan,'' Nuripa Mukanova member of National Customs Service said at VI International Forum Good Governance in Municipal and Civil Services:
High corruption level is in law enforcement agencies of Kyrgyzstan, member said.
American Airlines and its parent, AMR Corp. , have filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection from creditors and have made changes at the top of their leadership.
American Airlines have filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
Winkleman Gallery is pleased to present ``Painting is History,'' a group exhibition featuring work by Charles Browning, The Chadwicks, David Fertig, Joe Fig, Valerie Hegarty and Steve Mumford.
Painting is History.
She will be coming to India next month to shoot for her new show on her Oprah Winfrey Network.
She will be coming to India next month.
A former Springfield police officer has been reinstated and will probably soon be back on the force.
A former Springfield officer has been reinstated.
Macquarie Telecom has upgraded its FY10 earnings guidance, revealing it is now expecting a 22% increase in ebitda to around $28 million.
Macquarie Telecom has upgraded its FY10 guidance.
The Russian opposition Monday vowed new protests this week after a leading anti-Kremlin activist was give a fresh jail sentence following the latest mass rally against Vladimir Putin.
The Russian opposition vowed new protests.
The Mavs and Odom mutually agreed this morning to part ways after it became very clear that the erstwhile forward wasn't able to fit in with the defending NBA champions.
The Mavs and Odom mutually agreed to part ways.
A Malden man was arrested again less than a month after he allegedly tried to rob a convenience store.
A Malden man was arrested after he tried to rob a store.
One child is raped in South Africa every three minutes, a report by trade union Solidarity said on Wednesday.
One child is raped every three minutes.
One person was injured Monday morning in an accident in east Charlotte involving a school bus, Medic confirms.
One person was injured in an accident involving a school bus.
JETSTAR is addressing frequent criticism of its poor response to customer complaints by introducing a live chat feature to answer queries.
JETSTAR is addressing criticism.
Arizona announced a class of 17, who will join five players who enrolled at mid-year.
Arizona announced a class of 17.
AN international NGO has donated 80 bicycles to be used by health workers in Migori county to reach out to patients in rural areas.
AN NGO has donated 80 bicycles.
``I would tell George Bush, in my moment of frustration, I didn't have the grounds to call him a racist,'' West told NBC television.
I didn't have the grounds to call George Bush a racist.
Nursing students are twice as likely to smoke as the general population, according to a new study.
Nursing students are twice likely to smoke as the population.
Hundreds of Lufthansa flights have been cancelled today as the airline struggles with last minute strike action.
Hundreds of Lufthansa flights have been cancelled.
``I think it is a bit premature for me to say that I am happy, everything is hunky dory, and so forth.
Everything is hunky dory.
Police are appealing for the female driver of a car to come forward following an incident in Angmering yesterday in which a teenager was dragged along the road.
A teenager was dragged along the road.
Pharmaceutical firm Elan announced this morning it has dropped doses in a clinical trial of a new drug it has been testing for Alzheimer's disease.
Elan has dropped doses in a clinical trial.
Reality TV star Khloe Kardashian has revealed she sometimes sleeps in Vaseline to keep her skin hydrated.
Khloe Kardashian sleeps in Vaseline.
A Walnut Grove woman and child were injured in a wreck June 21 on Mo.
A Walnut Grove woman and child were injured in a wreck.
MK Capital invested $3 million in Poptent through a Series A financing round.
MK Capital invested $ 3 million in Poptent.
US solar power company Energy Conversion Devices Inc. said it would cut 500 jobs by the end of the year.
Energy Conversion Devices Inc. said it would cut 500 jobs.
The US Justice Department says it is suing Oracle for fraud over software contracts worth hundreds of millions of dollars.
The US Justice Department is suing Oracle for fraud over software contracts.
Katy Perry was forced to return an award she was mistakenly given in France.
Katy Perry was forced to return an award.
A northeast Ohio police officer has died after being hit by a truck while retrieving debris from a roadway.
A Ohio police officer has died after being hit by a truck.
Keira Knightley and Anthony Hopkins have signed on to star in the movie adaptation of Shakespearean tragedy 'King Lear'.
Keira Knightley and Anthony Hopkins have signed on.
Ethiopia Airlines plans to add 14 more new aircraft to its fleet this year as part of efforts to increase revenues by five fold in 2025 according to Tewolde Gebremariam, Chief Executive of the airline.
Ethiopia Airlines plans to add 14 more aircraft this year.
Former US Astronaut Neil Armstrong, the first person to walk on the moon, has died at the age of 82.
Neil Armstrong, the person, has died at the age of 82.
The Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Famer's manager says he underwent a successful liver transplant surgery Wednesday morning at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Fla. Allman began treatment for Hepatitis C in 2007 but chronic damage to his liver led to the transplant.
He underwent a liver transplant surgery.
Cole Hersee Company has been acquired by Littelfuse Inc. of Chicago, Illinois, with the combined company positioned to better serve OEMs and aftermarket customers in the heavy-vehicle sector.
Cole Hersee Company has been acquired by Littelfuse Inc..
FOURTEEN hours after leaving Barcelona's Olympic Stadium having won a silver medal in the 800m, Jessica Judd returned to make another final at the World Junior Championships.
Jessica Judd returned to make another final at the World Junior Championships.
For the first time in 10 years, Gulf Power has notified the Florida Public Service Commission that it intends to seek an increase in base prices.
Gulf Power intends to seek an increase in base prices.
The Communist Party of Malta welcomed the anti-austerity victory made by Left wing forces in the recent elections in Greece and France.
The Communist Party of Malta welcomed the anti-austerity victory.
Phillies right-hander Brett Myers will have hip surgery, and he could miss the rest of the season.
Phillies will have hip surgery, and Brett Myers could miss the rest of the season.
One in three employers say their staff have been attacked or assaulted in the past year, a study has found.
One in three employers say their staff have been attacked.
OceanaGold is in talks to sell its controlling stake in Didipio gold and copper project in the Phillipines.
OceanaGold is in talks to sell its controlling stake in Didipio project.
A Durham man was arrested on robbery and kidnapping charges Tuesday after a brief chase, police said.
A Durham man was arrested on robbery and kidnapping charges.
A Glasgow loan shark who charged a couple interest rates of almost 720,000% per year has been jailed for 15 months.
A loan shark has been jailed for 15 months.
The Dalai Lama will visit the Netherlands for two days at the beginning of June.
The Dalai Lama will visit the Netherlands.
Wesley Skiles, a well-known underwater photographer, cinematographer and explorer, has died.
Wesley Skiles, a photographer has died.
Fran McCaffery gets a new eight year contract that NewsChannel 13 has learned will pay him in the neighborhood of 500-thousand dollars a year.
Fran McCaffery gets a new eight year contract.
The commuter plane that crashed near Buffalo was on autopilot until just before it went down in icy weather, indicating that the pilot may have ignored federal safety recommendations and violated the airline's own policy for flying in such conditions, an investigator said Sunday.
The plane was autopilot.
Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit was on Friday admitted to a private hospital here after she went for a check-up, informed sources said.
Sheila Dikshit was admitted to a hospital.
Columbus Crew announced that it has signed Argentine midfielder Santiago Prim, who will occupy one of the team's international roster spots and be eligible for selection upon receipt of his International Transfer Certificate and visa.
Columbus Crew has signed Argentine midfielder Santiago Prim, who will occupy.
Mexican miner Grupo Mexico will close down its giant Cananea copper mine due to damage to the facility caused by a 20-month strike, a Grupo Mexico spokesman said.
Grupo Mexico will close down its Cananea copper mine.
Kim Kardashian has had a butt x-ray to 'show the whole world' she has not had implants.
Kim Kardashian has had a butt x-ray.
Maine hermit living in wild has been arrested after 27 years A man who lived like a hermit for decades in a makeshift camp in the woods and may be responsible for more than 1,000 burglaries for food and other staples has been caught in a surveillance trap at a camp he treated as a ``Walmart,'' authorities said Wednesday.
Maine hermit living in wild has been arrested after 27 years.
Oracle Corporation and Sun Microsystems today announced an agreement under which Oracle will buy Sun common stock for US$9.50 per share in cash.
Oracle will buy Sun stock.
IRISH riders took two top ten places at European shows today, with Denis Lynch finishing eighth in the Grand Prix at La Coruna in Spain, and Cian O'Connor claiming an identical position in the big jump-off class at London's Olympia later in the evening.
IRISH riders took two top ten places.
ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia ― Ethiopian officials on Wednesday released a top opposition leader who had been sentenced to life in prison after the government said she had violated a pardon agreement and sent her back to jail in late 2008.
ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopian officials released a top opposition leader.
Sen. Jim DeMint, RS.C., visited Sumter on Monday as part of his campaign for re-election.
Jim DeMint visited Sumter.
Former USC and Hall of Fame coach George Toley died Saturday at the age of 91.
Former USC and Hall of coach George Toley died at the age of 91.
Lions veteran Jeff Backus is practicing at left tackle at the team's first minicamp this weekend, right where he has been for every regular-season game -- 128, and counting? since he was drafted in 2001.
Lions veteran Jeff Backus is practicing at left tackle.
Facebook and Twitter, the well-known social networking sites, can help in detecting and controlling the spread of pandemics, revealed experts at a global health conference.
Facebook, the social networking sites, can help in detecting and controlling the spread of pandemics.
Michael Bolton didn't show up for the DWTS finals, and that was a surprise given his past experience with the ABC show.
Michael Bolton didn't show up for the DWTS finals.
Officials say a safety concern prompted additional security measures on a Southwest plane that landed in Nashville a day after another Southwest flight was diverted to Nashville because a passenger demonstrated suspicious behavior.
Officials say a safety concern prompted additional security measures on a plane Southwest landed after another flight was diverted.
Congressman Mel Watt held a roundtable with business owners at the Nussbaum Center for Entrepreneurship business incubator Monday.
Mel Watt held a roundtable at the Nussbaum Center.
Grady passed away in his home in Thousand Oaks after a four-year bout with cancer, as shared by his wife, Ginny.
Grady passed away.
Libyan rebels fought fierce battles in two coastal cities straddling the capital Tripoli on Friday in a drive to topple Muammar Gaddafi, but met stiff resistance from forces loyal to the long-time leader.
Libyan rebels fought battles in two coastal cities.
India needs to develop its own doctrines to truly seek broadest possible ``strategic autonomy'', National Security Advisor Shiv Shankar Menon said today and advocated the reading of Kautilya's 'Arthashastra' for broadening the vision on issues of strategy.
India needs to develop its own doctrines to seek strategic autonomy.
Walt Disney Co. said its remake of ``Disney's Alice in Wonderland'' starring Johnny Depp hit $1 billion in box office receipts worldwide.
Walt Disney Co. said its remake of Disney's Alice in Wonderland hit $ 1 billion in box office receipts worldwide.
Detica Group Plc. confirmed that it has received a preliminary approach which may or may not lead to an offer being made for the company.
Detica Group Plc. confirmed it has received a preliminary approach.
With $8 million worth of Yankees gold in his pockets and two years of their best medical services invested in his shoulder, Pedro Feliciano is returning to the Mets without ever having thrown a pitch for the Yankees.
Pedro Feliciano is returning to the Mets.
Saudi Arabia has granted Pakistan a $380 million soft loan to mainly support its budget, in the biggest single donation since donors pledged $5.7 billion of aid in April to the violence-torn country.
Saudi Arabia has granted Pakistan a $ 380 million loan.
LOBBYISTS say they are misunderstood and the idea that a consultant can fix problems for clients simply by contacting a ``mate'' in Government is unrealistic.
LOBBYISTS say they are misunderstood.
Uganda began withdrawing troops hunting brutal Lord's Resistance Army rebels in neighboring Congo after the deadline for them to be there expired on Sunday, a Ugandan army spokesman said .
Uganda began withdrawing troops hunting in neighboring Congo.
Channing Tatum's wife Jenna Dewan loves working with him because she says he is the ``perfect co-star''.
He is the perfect co-star.
England has tonight officially declared war on Scotland.
England has declared war on Scotland.
UAE banks have been hit by a wave of ATM card fraud, with criminal gangs using counterfeit cards to try and access local accounts from abroad, HSBC said on Tuesday.
UAE banks have been hit by a wave of card fraud.
Tony Scott did NOT have inoperable brain cancer, or for that matter brain cancer at all ... this according to Scott's family.
Tony Scott did NOT have brain cancer.
Old age pension is likely to be linked with inflation index on the pattern of MNREGA besides being made universal by doing away with APL and BPL criteria, the government on Thursday informed Rajya Sabha.
Old age pension is likely to be linked with inflation index.
The Tottenham Hotspur central defender Ledley King is set to undergo further knee surgery after the Premier League season ends on Sunday as he seeks to extend his playing career.
The Tottenham Hotspur defender Ledley King is set to undergo further knee surgery.
A Jones County man was arrested and charged with Statutory Rape Monday for allegedly having sex with a minor girl.
A Jones County man was arrested and charged with Statutory Rape.
A group of researchers from University of Otago said that through their research they have found evidences which show that vitamin C kills tumor cells.
Vitamin C kills tumor cells.
Stratford Patch readers tell us why their dads are awesome.
Their dads are awesome.
The JSE closed the day solid in the black on Wednesday after trading most of the day positively while world markets are eyeing the US Federal Reserve's Open Market Committee meeting later on Wednesday.
The JSE closed in the black.
Key information about Welsh life over the past decade will be released today from the 2011 Census.
Information about Welsh life will be released from the 2011 Census.
Regulators on Friday shut down a South Carolina bank, bringing to 91 the number of US banks failures this year amid the recession and mounting loan defaults.
Regulators shut down a South Carolina bank.
Merger and acquisition activity should accelerate in the second half of 2011, and the size of corporate marriages should get larger, according to the report by advisory firm PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Merger activity should accelerate in the half of 2011.
Apart from the Karan-SRK-Kajol factor, what makes My Name is Khan so special was the sudden flight of the filmmaker's motive towards pragmatic panoramas.
My Name is Khan was.
The NHL opted to continue its broadcast partnership with NBC and Versus for the next decade rather than reconnect with its previous TV company, ESPN.
The NHL opted to continue its broadcast partnership with NBC and Versus for the next decade.
This electrode cap was worn by participants in a Michigan State University psychology study that suggests anxious girls' brains work harder than boys'.
Anxious girls ' brains work harder.
The fiercely contested Superstars International Series will make its UK debut at Donington Park this weekend, with Britain's very own Johnny Herbert starring, as he battles against a strong-field of competitors in his Mercedes Benz C63AMG.
The Superstars International Series will make its UK debut at Donington Park.
On Friday, 35 San Antonio children were adopted into forever homes, thanks to the love and dedication of their adoptive parents.
35 children were adopted into forever homes.
Juventus moved a step closer to the Serie A title with a thumping 4-0 win at struggling Novara.
Juventus moved with a win at struggling Novara.
Somerset-based field\u0026flower, the meat box delivery company, has partnered with the Telegraph to offer readers of the newspaper seasonal meat boxes.
Field\u0026flower has partnered with the Telegraph to offer readers of the newspaper seasonal meat boxes.
A report examines and, when possible, estimates ``hidden'' costs of energy production and use that are not reflected in market prices of coal, oil, other energy sources, or the electricity and gasoline produced from them.
A report examines estimates hidden costs of energy production and use.
A Washington County man accused of chaining up his girlfriend's son for refusing to eat dinner has waived his case straight to trial.
A man accused of chaining up his girlfriend's son has waived his case straight to trial.
Aston Martin has admitted to bond holders that it is in ``advanced'' talks with investors over an equity injection into the business after weeks of denials by its owner that a stake sale is underway.
Aston Martin has admitted it is in advanced talks.
The Northern Territory intervention plan is in danger of collapsing under the new Labor Government, with its chairwoman demanding Prime Minister Kevin Rudd show leadership and expedite the process of a takeover of communities.
The Northern Territory intervention plan is in danger of collapsing.
Towers Watson, one of the three big investment-consulting groups, has said it plans to take full control of its South African partner firm on the same morning that influential UK politician Lord Myners said he was ``disappointed'' at the increased concentration in the industry.
Towers Watson plans to take full control of its South African partner firm.
TLC has renewed her new series 'Long Island Medium' for a second season.
TLC has renewed her series Long Island Medium.
Twenty-three members of the Pakistan controled Azad Kashmir cabinet took oath on Thursday, officials said.
Azad Kashmir cabinet took oath.
A new study has suggested that acupuncture can help ease the symptoms of indigestion in pregnancy.
Acupuncture can help ease in pregnancy.
Maple Leaf Foods announced Wednesday that it is reopening a Toronto processing plant at the centre of an outbreak of listeriosis that has left 17 dead across Canada.
Maple Leaf Foods is reopening a plant at the centre of an outbreak of listeriosis.
FORMER England football star Paul Gascoigne was released on police bail today after he was questioned on suspicion of being drunk in charge of a vehicle.
Paul Gascoigne was released on police bail.
A former criminal justice professor has been acquitted of a sex abuse charge.
A former professor has been acquitted of a sex abuse charge.
Facebook has acquired the mobile messaging company Beluga, according to a note on Beluga's website.
Facebook has acquired the messaging company Beluga.
A former call girl accused of helping run the Miami Companions sex ring agreed to a plea, becoming the third women to do so since the escort service was busted in metro Detroit last summer, her lawyer said.
A former call girl agreed to a plea.
Bird flu H5N1 has re-struck Myanmar with one case occurring in Yangon's Mayangong township in the beginning of this month, according to a statement of the Livestock Breeding and Veterinary Department Saturday, according to China Xinhua.
Bird flu H5N1 has re-struck Myanmar.
Several new screenshots have been revealed for the upcoming Nintendo Wii U exclusive title, Ninja Gaiden 3:
New screenshots have been revealed for the exclusive title.
When the Miss America pageant returns to Atlantic City in September, it will have a new co-host.
The Miss America pageant returns, it will have a new co-host.
Both Apple and Nordic Semiconductor are now on the Bluetooth group's SIG board of directors.
Apple are now on the Bluetooth group's SIG board of directors.
Bob's Discount Furniture opened its 36th store in Nesconset, NY, last week, one of five it says it will open this year.
Bob's Discount Furniture opened its 36th store.
ESPN fired an employee responsible for an offensive headline about Knicks sensation Jeremy Lin.
ESPN fired an employee responsible for an headline about Jeremy Lin.
``We're going to finish it in August,'' he said during the school board's May 12 meeting.
We 're going to finish in August.
A constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United and abolish the ``super pac'' has begun.
A constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United has begun.
Anna Friel is not ruling out a return to Hollywood, despite being back on British TV.
Anna Friel is not ruling out a return to Hollywood.
In preparation for the Koch Records release, RZA shot a video for the album's first single, ``U Can't Stop Me Now.''
RZA shot a video for the album's single.
The Macaroons will perform three Hanukkah concerts for families at The Jewish Museum on Sunday, December 25 at 11 am, 1 pm and 3 pm.
The Macaroons will perform three Hanukkah concerts for families at The Jewish Museum.
Houma Police officers accused of severely beating a drug suspect in April have been cleared by an internal investigation, according to Interim Police Chief Todd Duplantis.
Officers accused of beating a suspect have been cleared.
An attorney says bestselling writer Nevada Barr has paid $11,000 in sanctions for lying under oath about an extramarital affair and for destroying a computer believed to be used to write her then-husband a breakup letter.
Writer Nevada Barr has paid $ 11,000 in sanctions lying under oath.
President Hosni Mubarak, of the Arab Republic of Egypt, and his accompanying delegation this evening left Libya.
President Hosni Mubarak left Libya.
Cameron Beckman completed a thrilling comeback to win the Frys.com Open in Scottsdale Arizona following a playoff against Kevin Sutherland.
Cameron Beckman completed to win the Frys.com Open.
GREEDY children are ripping off their vulnerable elderly parents at an alarming rate, leaving some destitute.
Children are ripping off their parents at an alarming rate.
Metra might start over on its plan to rebuild 22 bridges on the Union Pacific North Line, rebidding the contract it already awarded for the work while figuring out a way to reduce the estimated $80 million cost of new retaining walls, officials said.
Metra might start over on its plan to rebuild 22 bridges.
Serena Williams won her third US Open title to reclaim the top ranking in women's tennis.
Serena Williams won her third US Open title.
The Monty Pythonesque musical ``Spamalot'' on Friday opens the 2010 Music Circus season of seven shows at the familiar theater at 15th and H streets in downtown Sacramento.
The musical Spamalot opens the 2010 Music Circus season.
India is turning up the pressure on Italy as fury grows over Rome's decision not to return the two accused marines.
India is turning up the pressure on Italy.
THE Australian share market closed marginally lower, with mixed performances from many sectors after a US weak lead provided little direction.
THE Australian share market closed marginally lower.
This new Dairy Queen is open on the corner of Silverbell Road and Speedway Boulevard.
This new Dairy Queen is open.
Several area schools are honoring veterans by taking them to school or hosting Veterans Day programs.
Area schools are honoring veterans.
Alliance Boots, the owner of Europe's largest pharmacy chain, said on Sunday it will buy a 12 percent stake in China's Nanjing Pharmaceutical Co Ltd for about 56 million pounds.
Alliance Boots will buy a stake in China's Nanjing Pharmaceutical Co Ltd.
The New Orleans Saints announced yesterday that they would be promoting assistant Tony Oden to Secondary Coach, filling the void created when Dennis Allen left to become the Broncos defensive coordinator.
The New Orleans Saints would be promoting Tony Oden to Secondary Coach.
A self-styled Jewish rabbi wanted for child abuse has been extradited from Brazil to Israel, officials say.
A rabbi wanted for child abuse has been extradited.
Chancellor George Osborne has defended the UK Government's controversial welfare reforms, insisting the system is ``fundamentally broken''.
Chancellor George Osborne has defended the UK Government's controversial welfare reforms.
LANDSBANKI Guernsey Depositors Action Group representative Neil Dickens yesterday told the Treasury Select Committee that he had lost faith in banking in Guernsey.
Neil Dickens had lost faith in banking in Guernsey.
Bluefusion will host its third annual Holly Jolly Holiday Party from 1 to 3 pm Dec. 10.
Bluefusion will host its Holly Jolly Holiday Party.
English comedian Russell Brand is said to be dating a Mexican painter whose work explores sensuality and sex.
Russell Brand is said to be dating a Mexican painter.
Samsung Electronics Co, the world's top handset maker, sold 63 million smartphones in the fourth quarter and commanded a 29 percent share of the global smartphone market, a report by research firm Strategy Analytics showed on Friday.
Samsung Electronics Co sold 63 million smartphones in the fourth quarter, a report showed.
Detectives investigating the drive-by shooting death of a 36-year-old man in Wilmington had little to go on today in their search for two suspects.
Detectives investigating the drive - by shooting death of a man in Wilmington had.
Internet celebrity Antoine ``hide yo' kids hide yo' wife'' Dodson has been arrested in Huntsville, Ala., police say, for playing music too loudly, reports TMZ.
Dodson has been arrested in Huntsville, Ala..
MALAHIDE residents have started a petition in an effort to have a head shop closed in the town and will hold a public meeting next week.
Residents have started a petition.
Fed Chairman Bernanke is running amuck, and for the first time since the birth of the US dollar, our government is egregiously abusing its power to print money.
Bernanke is running amuck.
Rescuers have tried to scoop a sperm whale out of a harbour on Tasmania's north-west coast.
Rescuers have tried to scoop a whale out of a harbour.
Brewer and pub operator Marston's has seen its group revenue fall 3% to £645.1m, while profits slid 13.5% to £70.3m.
Marston has seen, while profits slid.
Turkish Cyprus could be annexed to Turkey if ongoing talks between Turkish and Greek Cypriots for reunification fail to produce a solution, Turkey's minister for European Union Affairs has said.
Turkish Cyprus could be annexed to Turkey, Turkey's minister has said.
A Lexington cancer patient who stopped outside UK's Markey Cancer Center for a few minutes to drop off some paperwork Thursday was shocked to find his car stolen from in front of the hospital after he returned.
A Lexington cancer patient was shocked to find his car stolen from in front of the hospital.
Chuck Heater, who served as the co-defensive coordinator at the University of Florida and has three national championship titles under his belt, has been named the defensive coordinator at Temple University, head football coach Steve Addazio announced on Monday.
Chuck Heater has been named the defensive coordinator at Temple University.
Sydney, Oct 29 Fewer women are making it to the top in the corporate world, a trend that has been particularly noticeable over the last two years, according to a newly released report here.Macquarie University's Peter McGraw, director of the Labour-Management Studies Foundation which compiled and analysed the newly released 2008 data for Equal Opportunities for Women in the Workplace Agency, said the numbers did not surprise him.
Fewer women are making to the top in the corporate world.
Sarah Palin is not suited to be second-in-command of the United States and does not qualify to serve as our president should that awful chance arise as.
Sarah Palin is not suited to be second in command.
ITN reporter Sue Saville looks at a couple whose last viable embryo was implanted in the wrong woman.
Whose embryo was implanted in the wrong woman.
The Taoiseach Brian Cowen has rejected as inaccurate comparisons between Ireland and Iceland made in a speech by European Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso in Davos yesterday.
The Brian Cowen has rejected as comparisons between Ireland and Iceland.
Mark Hughes has warned David Bentley that a big money move away from Blackburn for the winger during the summer is not on the agenda.
Mark Hughes has warned David Bentley.
An 11-year-old boy died after choking on a meatball he had for lunch at his home in Taman Melawati, Nusajaya, here Friday.
An boy died after choking on a meatball.
Forest Lake advanced to the Class AAA semifinals for the second consecutive season with a 2-0 victory over Stillwater in the big-school quarterfinals today at Siebert Field on the University of Minnesota campus.
Forest Lake advanced to the Class AAA semifinals.
A 73-YEAR-OLD west Bundaberg man had child porn charges struck out of the Bundaberg Magistrates Court after police failed to provide a certificate as part of the evidence against him.
Porn charges struck.
Australian actor Eric Bana will grow his sideburns to play music legend Elvis Presley in the new biographical film, ``Elvis \u0026 Nixon.''
Eric Bana will grow to play Elvis Presley in the new film, Elvis \u0026 Nixon.
Rookie quarterback Sam Bradford is making a fine first impression with the St. Louis Rams.
Sam Bradford is making a fine first impression.
The method developed by Dr Sapna Thoduka uses a change in the colour of a gold nanoparticle solution to indicate the presence of meningococcal DNA.
The method uses a change in the colour of a gold nanoparticle solution to indicate the presence of meningococcal DNA.
Even as Congress voted to repeal the ``don't ask, don't tell'' policy, officials are warning gay men and women serving in the military that new rules still have to be implemented.
Congress voted to repeal the don't ask, don't tell policy.
The Western Hockey League is proud to announce that 150 WHL players have been invited to attend NHL training camps in September.
150 WHL players have been invited to attend NHL training camps.
North Korea pressed the United States to accept its demand for direct talks on the communist regime's nuclear program, warning Monday that Pyongyang ``will go our own way'' unless Washington agrees.
North Korea pressed to accept its demand for direct talks.
CA Technologies, an enterprise information technology management software and solutions company, announced that TATA Steel has selected CA Technologies to help accelerate the innovation of new steel solutions to drive top line growth.
TATA Steel has selected CA Technologies to help accelerate the innovation of steel solutions.
Dutch computer accessory and surveillance camera manufacturer Eminent is working on a new HD media player that uses the Android operating system.
Eminent is working on a HD player that uses the Android system.
The Dark Knight Rises shooter, James Holmes has officially been charged today with 142 counts including first degree murder following his horrifying massacre in Aurora, Colorado.
The Dark Knight Rises shooter, James Holmes has been charged with 142 counts including murder.
A windsurfer was found dead in the open ocean today about 2 1/2 miles west of the Golden Gate Bridge, authorities said.
A windsurfer was found dead in the ocean.
A private gipsy site on the edge of Attleborough is being tipped for refusal next week because of highway safety concerns.
A gipsy site is being tipped for refusal.
Shares of building materials suppliers fell Monday as an analyst downgraded shares of a key lumber company and the broader stock market declined.
Shares of building materials suppliers fell.
`` title=''Germany marks 60th anniversary with Berlin ceremony`` width=''150`` height=''100`` align=''left`` /\u003eBerlin - Germany looked back on 60 years of its history on Friday, as the country marked the anniversary of its post-war constitution.
Title Germany marks 60th anniversary with Berlin ceremony 100 align left.
So I have come to the conclusion that my tv is better than your tv!
My tv is better than your tv.
JAPAN'S Olympus Corp said yesterday that it had filed damages suits totalling 3.6 billion yen against 19 current and former executives of the scandal-hit company, including president Shuichi Takayama, demanding that they pay up to 3.6 billion yen in compensation for losses caused by a cover-up of massive investment losses.
JAPAN 'S Olympus Corp had filed suits against 19 executives.
Police say it appears the man was trying to outrun the trolley.
The man was trying to outrun the trolley.
KeyBanc reiterates a 'Buy' rating on Owens-Illinois, raises price target to $40 from $33.
KeyBanc reiterates a Buy rating on Owens-Illinois.
A tsunami advisory for the San Diego area in the aftermath of a devastating magnitude-8.9 earthquake in Japan has been canceled.
A tsunami advisory for the San Diego area has been canceled.
James Jeffrey, the new US ambassador to Iraq, seen here in 2004, arrived in Baghdad on Wednesday and presented his diplomatic credentials to the conflict-torn nation's head of state, the US embassy said in a statement.
James Jeffrey, the new US ambassador to Iraq arrived in Baghdad.
A Japanese fighter jet pilot was missing after his F-15 crashed in the East China Sea during a training flight on Tuesday, the Defence Ministry said.
A Japanese fighter jet pilot was missing after his F-15 crashed.
The family of a fallen marine is speaking out for the first time.
The family of a fallen marine is speaking out.
Five-time world champion Sebastien Loeb won Rally Australia on Sunday by 12.5 seconds over Mikko Hirvonen, moving the Frenchman within a point of the Finnish driver for the World Rally Championship lead.
Sebastien Loeb won Rally Australia.
Cardiff set up a Wembley showdown with Blackpool for the right to join the Barclays Premier League after triumphing over a resilient Leicester side on penalties in a rollercoaster play-off semi-final.
Cardiff set up a Wembley showdown with Blackpool.
A high school principal in north-central Kentucky has been charged with assaulting a student.
A principal has been charged with assaulting a student.
Italy striker Fabio Quagliarella has signed for Napoli from Udinese on a five-year deal, the Naples club said yesterday.
Italy striker Fabio Quagliarella has signed for Napoli.
President Obama's reelection campaign is well underway, but one of his first real political message was: ``I can't be Obama in '08, but you have to be.''
I can't be Obama.
Taxpayers in the UK will give away an average of £421 each to the taxman this year by failing to claim tax credits and use allowances.
Taxpayers will give away an average of £ 421 to the taxman this year.
A woman was arrested Wednesday after striking her nephew in the head with a beer bottle, according to the Tulare County Sheriff's department.
A woman was arrested after striking her nephew in the head with a beer bottle.
Inflation rose 3.3 per cent in the Sultanate in December 2011 compared to the corresponding month of 2010, even as the Consumer Price Index for December 2011 showed stability.
Inflation rose 3.3 per cent.
Bank of America Corp. may raise up to 70 percent salaries of some investment bankers following the takeover earlier this year of Merrill Lynch \u0026 Co.
Bank of America Corp. may raise up to 70 salaries of some investment bankers.
The state senate has approved a $136 billion spending plan that democrats say would reject new taxes and keep spending increases below inflation.
The state senate has approved a spending plan.
Hasan Ali Khan, already accused of money laundering, has been booked for smuggling antiques out of the country and keeping them in his bank lockers in Switzerland, police said on Tuesday.
Hasan Ali Khan has been booked for smuggling antiques.
Embassies in central London owe more than £1.5m in unpaid parking fines, including one Sudanese diplomat who owes £37,000 for 349 separate tickets.
Embassies owe more than £ 1.5m in parking fines.
A man convicted in a 2006 vehicle theft in Redding was sentenced to 75 years to life in prison Monday under California's three-strikes law.
A man was sentenced to 75 years.
A coal train has derailed in southeast Iowa, blocking an intersection of a road and knocking out power to nearby homes.
A coal train has derailed in southeast Iowa.
Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney leads President Obama by 53 points among white evangelicals, an advantage that is far ahead of where John McCain stood among that group at this stage in the race four years ago, according to a new Pew poll.
Mitt Romney leads Obama by 53 points among evangelicals.
Former State Sen. Randy Hopper of Fond du Lac refused to take a breathalyzer test following his arrest Sunday on charges of drunken driving, according to a Fond du Lac County Sheriff's Department report.
Former State Sen. Randy Hopper refused to take following his arrest on charges of drunken driving.
That's not just because of the current budget climate, but also because agriculture itself is changing, and Zulauf says there's a growing belief that farm programs need to be more responsive to modern US agriculture.
Farm programs need to be more responsive to modern US agriculture.
Austria announced on Thursday that it is withdrawing the country's 377 UN peacekeepers from the Golan Heights after the Syrian conflict briefly spilled over to an area near their position.
Austria is withdrawing the country's 377 peacekeepers from the Golan Heights.
Constitution Day will be celebrated today at locations across West Virginia and the United States, a legacy of the late Sen. Robert C. Byrd.
Constitution Day will be celebrated.
The Armenian parliament overwhelmingly approved on Thursday controversial government bills that have drawn strong protests from many small traders and environment protection groups.
The parliament approved on controversial government bills.
OIL hovered near US$47 a barrel on Tuesday in Asia after Opec signalled it will likely announce another production cut on Sunday, adding to large supply reductions the cartel has already implemented.
OIL hovered near US $ 47.
The Denver Nuggets crushed the Miami Heat on Thursday as Carmelo Anthony went for 21 points.
The Denver Nuggets crushed the Miami Heat.
The Wayland softball team won big on Saturday to repeat as district champs.
The Wayland team won to repeat as district champs.
A new report shows that Asia has become a dominant player in the global auto industry and now produces more than half of the world's cars.
Asia has become a dominant player in the global auto industry.
AOL Inc posted a quarterly profit and beat Wall Street's revenue expectations, even though the weak advertising market and the Internet company's dwindling subscriber base dragged revenue down from a year ago.
AOL Inc posted a profit.
Today, MyLife.com announced that it has purchased Threadsy's technology that allows users to pull together their email and social accounts into a simple, enjoyable experience.
MyLife.com announced it has purchased Threadsy's technology.
A teenage girl has had her hair ripped from her scalp by a drill machine during wood shop class.
A teenage girl has had her hair ripped by a drill machine during shop class.
​Rep. Allen West decided to insult Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz again over the weekend, but in spite of his angry email tirade to her saying Wasserman Schultz ``doesn't have the guts'' to insult him to his face, he dropped his newest insult at a Fort Lauderdale Tea Party social event this weekend.
Allen West decided to insult Debbie Wasserman Schultz.
Boston Red Sox crushed Toronto Blue Jays 4-2 at the Rogers centre in Toronto, Ontario on Monday, April 9 in their regular season encounter of the 2012 Major League Baseball.
Boston Red Sox crushed Toronto Blue Jays 4 2.
VOSA says it is already making significant progress in implementing the findings of the Transport Select Committee report into its operational effectiveness that was published on Monday.
VOSA is making progress in implementing into its effectiveness.
Former first lady Betty Ford died Friday evening at the age of 93 with family at her bedside, according to the director of the Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library and Museum.
Betty Ford died at the age of 93.
How do I know whether I, or someone I care about, have a drug or alcohol problem?
How do I know I have a drug or alcohol problem.
Islam has categorically determined women's role in the society which ensures her safety and prosperity, said General Secretary Jamaat e Islami, Dr. Rukhsana Jabeen, in a statement released on the occasion of international women's day.
Islam has categorically determined women's role in the society.
``I am not going to apologize again,'' Wilson told Chris Wallace on ``Fox News Sunday.''
I am not going to apologize again.
Some parents say The Citadel is not doing enough to reduce hazing at the South Carolina military school.
Some parents say The Citadel is not doing enough to reduce hazing.
A Chesapeake middle school bus was struck by an oil truck as it was traveling for a school field trip Monday morning, according to police.
A Chesapeake bus was struck by an oil truck.
Gillard seeks business views on red tape Updated: 23:19, Tuesday March 6, 2012 Prime Minister Julia Gillard has asked business leaders for advice on cutting red tape, creating a forum to meet ahead of COAG in April.
Gillard seeks business views on red tape.
THE prices of essential food items increased between 30% and 75% in the past six months, according to some of the importing firms.
THE prices of food items increased.
The Cubs claimed pitcher Miguel Socolovich off waivers from the Orioles on Thursday and optioned the right-hander to Triple-A Iowa on Thursday.
The Cubs claimed Miguel Socolovich off waivers.
Francisco Liriano on the possibility of closing for the Twins The Twins have yet to approach Francisco Liriano to see if he would like a chance to replace Joe Nathan as the team's closer, but that conversation could happen soon as Nathan contemplates season-ending elbow surgery.
Francisco Liriano on the possibility of closing for the Twins The Twins have yet to approach.
Lower gas prices are helping many consumers pay for groceries, according to a survey by the analytics firm Precima.
Lower gas prices are helping consumers pay for groceries.
A man standing outside a North Side residence early Saturday was injured in a drive-by shooting, police said.
A man was injured in a drive by shooting.
The new Barclays cycle hire scheme is coming to Hackney with docking stations all over South Hackney.
The cycle hire scheme is coming to Hackney.
AP Feed Ozzie Canseco, a former major league baseball player and the twin brother of former Oakland A's slugger Jose Canseco, has been arrested on DUI charges in Florida.
Ozzie Canseco has been arrested on DUI charges.
Taylor Swift and Harry Styles have just split, confirm several reputable sources.
Taylor Swift and Harry Styles have split.
Johnny Murtagh will face the disciplinary panel of the British Horseracing Authority along with Aidan O'Brien and Colm O'Donoghue on Thursday over a possible breach of the ``team tactics'' rules in last month's Juddmonte International Stakes.
Johnny Murtagh will face the disciplinary panel.
By the numbers By MICHAEL NEWSOM -- mmnewsom@sunherald.com The $2 billion USS Mississippi nuclear submarine will be commissioned today at the Port of Pascagoula in a public event that is expected to draw thousands of spectators and a host of dignitaries.
The USS Mississippi submarine will be commissioned today.
The self-proclaimed 'Queen of All Media' announced that he's writing a children's book called The Boy With Pink Hair.
He's writing a children's book.
An Ontario woman accused of faking cancer and bilking nearly $20,000 from friends and supporters was held in custody Monday following a court appearance in Milton, west of Toronto.
An woman accused of faking cancer was held in custody.
The broke Bligh Labor Government's latest tax grab is yet another blow to Queensland businesses and consumers, the LNP said today.
The Bligh Labor Government's tax grab is another blow to businesses.
Four minor planets have been named after top Chinese scientists with the approval of the International Astronomical Union.
Four planets have been named after Chinese scientists.
Former New York Mets and Philadelphia Phillies outfielder Lenny Dykstra was charged with 25 criminal counts Monday, including grand theft auto, for allegedly trying to lease cars using phony business and credit information.
Lenny Dykstra was charged with 25 criminal counts.
A Daly City man faces domestic violence and kidnapping charges after allegedly assaulting his girlfriend and forcing her into a car, according to South San Francisco police.
A Daly City man faces violence and kidnapping charges.
New mom Lily Allen is working on new music, despite having embarked on a hiatus and claiming to have retired from pop music two years ago.
Lily Allen is working on new music.
Mario Melchiot has revealed Wigan Athletic Football Club pal Emile Heskey is keeping his options open.
Pal Emile Heskey is keeping his options open.
Lindsay Lohan has decided to move to Britain, claiming we have better music and DJs.
Lindsay Lohan has decided to move to Britain.
The Council of Europe is calling for a ban on mobile phones and Wi-Fi in schools after examining evidence that wireless technologies had 'potentially harmful' effects on humans.
The Council of Europe is calling for a ban on mobile phones in schools.
Waste and recycling company Clean Harbors Inc. posted higher net income and revenue for its fourth quarter and year as it had record results from several of its businesses.
Clean Harbors Inc. posted higher net income and revenue for its quarter and year.
The 2010 budget still needs ``a little tweaking'' from staff before it goes to members of township council.
The 2010 budget still needs a tweaking.
In yet another sign of the harsh economic times, publisher Condé Nast has announced that it is closing down Gourmet magazine.
Condé Nast is closing down Gourmet magazine.
A Connecticut State police spokesman said Monday that Adam Lanza had ``no connection'' to the school where 26 people died on Friday.
Adam Lanza had no connection to the school.
German business confidence unexpectedly surged to a record high in November as domestic spending increased, bolstering the economic outlook.
German business confidence surged to a record high.
American Airlines will be discontinuing their Miami service from Knoxville starting in early April, says a McGhee Tyson Airport spokesperson.
American Airlines will be discontinuing their Miami service from Knoxville.
Severe weather will continue to rattle the Ohio Valley and Great Lakes into Sunday night.
Severe weather will continue to rattle the Ohio Valley and Great Lakes.
18 months ago Gaydamak paid a further £15m to Mandaric to assume full control of Portsmouth Football Club, but it is now 'said' that he is ready to sell up and is standing to make a tidy profit - even after the money he has paid out - with the asking price said to be £60m, which seems a bit 'low' to me to be honest?
Gaydamak is ready to sell up.
A Glenbeulah woman was injured last night in a moped accident on the Old Plank Road Trail.
A Glenbeulah woman was injured in a moped accident.
The state board of education will ``continue oversight'' of the Lincoln County Board of Education's personnel practices, according to a decision made at the state's Wednesday, July 13, meeting in Charleston.
The state board will continue oversight.
Joplin will receive a substantial amount -- $12 million -- from a federal grant announced Tuesday toward $23.5 million in street projects, moving up the possibility of constructing train overpasses on two major corridors on which grade crossings now can create traffic delays and congestion.
Joplin will receive a amount -- $ 12 million -- from a federal grant.
Amul has kicked off its largest distribution expansion exercise to take its chilled products like butter, cheese, ice-cream and paneer to small towns and districts with population of up to 5,000 people, reports The Economic Times.
Amul has kicked off its largest distribution expansion exercise.
Sweet corn is set to arrive on the local market next week, and area residents are looking forward to the relatively small -- but still very prominent -- harvest.
Sweet corn is set to arrive on the local market week.
A Sri Lankan man has died while trying to set a record for the longest time spent buried alive, police said Monday.
A Sri Lankan man has died while trying to set a record for the longest time spent buried alive.
- Marcus Denmon scored 20 points, leading Missouri past Texas Tech 88-84 in the first round of the Big 12 tournament Wednesday night and bringing an end to Pat Knight's time as coach of the Red Raiders.
Marcus Denmon scored, leading Missouri past Texas Tech 88 84.
The Washington Post is running an article this morning entitled Kabul residents say US soldiers kill imam sitting in car in which Afghanis claim that American troops shot and killed an imam sitting in his cars with his children.
The Washington Post is running Kabul residents say soldiers kill imam sitting in car.
US oil-field services company Weatherford will start drilling for oil in southern Iraq in May, a company official said on Tuesday...
Weatherford will start drilling in Iraq.
City... you want a fight you must, you reopened this issue, which we were willing to leave alone.
City you want a fight you must, you reopened this issue.
In Duzkoy, Turkey, a man watches in despair as a building collapses due to heavy flooding.
A man watches as a building collapses.
Lady Gaga and Bruce Springsteen are set to join the Rolling Stones onstage in what's gearing up to be a rock-pop summit of impressive proportions.
Lady Gaga and Bruce Springsteen are set to join the Rolling Stones onstage.
GLASGOW, Scotland -Danish midfielder Thomas Gravesen left Celtic on Monday with one year remaining on his contract.
GLASGOW, Danish midfielder Thomas Gravesen left Celtic.
Foot Locker Inc. said Friday it plans to cut about 120 jobs and to have closed 117 stores by the end of this month as it looks to become a more efficient and competitive business.
Foot Locker Inc. plans to cut about 120 jobs and to have closed 117 stores.
A Nigerian footballer was arrested in mid-game and three men were arraigned in court after the police found out that the footballer did not have the necessary permits to reside in Malta.
A Nigerian footballer was arrested in mid-game and three men were arraigned.
The Nationwide Building Society has said it will merge with two of its smaller rivals, the Derbyshire and Cheshire Building Societies.
The Nationwide Building Society will merge with two of its rivals.
NHL players will have 36 hours from Thursday night until Saturday morning to vote on the new labour deal that would end the four-month lockout.
Players will have until Saturday morning to vote on the new deal.
Blues goalie Chris Mason is considering a move to bullfighting, sources close to the player indicated Thursday morning.
Blues goalie Chris Mason is considering a move to bullfighting.
Cubs pitcher Ryan Dempster and his wife Jenny are trying to help raise awareness of DiGeorge Syndrome, sometimes called 22Q after the chromosome it affects.
Cubs pitcher Ryan Dempster are trying to help raise awareness of DiGeorge Syndrome.
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger opened his climate change summit on Tuesday by telling attendees from around the world that they can balance environmental protection with economic growth.
Arnold Schwarzenegger opened his climate change summit.
A former university professor in Alabama has been sentenced to life in prison without parole.
A former professor has been sentenced to life in prison.
Yarbrough was reelected to a sixth term in a landslide victory.
Yarbrough was reelected in a landslide victory.
Finance and Planning Adviser Dr AB Mirza M Azizul Islam yesterday said the micro credit programme has gained recognition across the globe and many developed countries are following the Bangladesh's model of micro credit activities.
The micro credit programme has gained recognition across the globe.
The UK remains the top global source market for Dubai, which enjoyed a 9.4% rise in international visitor numbers last year despite tough trading conditions.
The UK remains the top source market for Dubai.
Gold traded flat on Wednesday having earlier hit a fresh record high, and analysts said further gains were possible given concern over the euro zone debt crisis could likely result in more safe-haven buying.
Gold traded flat having hit a record.
The Twins on Wednesday invited 15 players to spring training, which, in most cases, offers a glimpse of whom the club feels could help out during the regular season.
The Twins invited 15 players to spring training.
The company claims it has already taken the human waste powered Volkswagen Beetle for a test run around the Bristol streets.
The company has taken the human waste powered Volkswagen Beetle.
A fire broke out at the venue for the final stages of the women's basketball world championships in the Czech town of Karlovy Vary on Monday.
A fire broke out at the venue for the final stages of the women's basketball world championships.
Chinese products demand rose significantly in January compared with a year earlier, according to International Oil Daily estimates...
Chinese products demand rose.
Ronnie Ortiz from ``Jersey Shore'' was indicted by a New Jersey grand jury Friday on an assault charge stemming from a fight in the first season of the show, TMZ reported.
Ronnie Ortiz from Jersey Shore was indicted by a jury on an assault charge.
US Rep. Tim Walberg will host a veterans fair at 9 am Friday at Baker College, 2800 Springport Road, Blackman Township.
Tim Walberg will host a veterans fair Friday.
Bollywood singer and composer Shankar Mahadevan is out to change the process of music instruction amongst Indian Americans by launching an online music academy.
Shankar Mahadevan is to change by launching an online music academy.
Reality star Tila Tequila suffered an embarrassing nipslip on the red carpet while announcing her engagement to Casey Johnson.
Tila Tequila suffered an nipslip on the red carpet.
The Broadway cast of Godspell will perform a medley from the musical on the Tuesday, November 1 episode of Late Night with David Letterman at 11:35pm ET.
The Broadway cast of Godspell will perform, November 1 episode of Late Night with David Letterman.
The opening of a Chinese gay bar designed to tackle HIV infections has been delayed.
The opening of a Chinese gay bar has been delayed.
Traders have begun to recoup a portion of their spreads and other transaction costs through the use of cash back programs.
Traders have begun to recoup a portion of their spreads.
A man was shot and killed by police outside a movie theatre in east Toronto Sunday night.
A man was shot and killed by police in Toronto.
All party leaders in the Pune Municipal Corporation on Monday supported the town planning schemes proposed in the draft development plan for the 23 merged villages and demanded that the state government should immediately approve the DP.
All party leaders supported the town planning schemes.
A person familiar with the arrangements says New York Yankees left-handed pitcher Andy Pettitte plans to announce his retirement Friday at a news conference at Yankee Stadium.
New York Yankees left-handed pitcher Andy Pettitte plans to announce his retirement.
In a recent post on the Bing Search blog, it appears that the search relationship between Microsoft and Facebook is expanding.
The relationship between Microsoft and Facebook is expanding.
The Mega Millions winning lottery numbers for May 3, 2013, are 2, 20, 34, 42, 54, the Mega Ball is 39, and the Megaplier is X 2, lottery officials announced.
The Mega Millions winning numbers, are.
An iguana apparently spotted 60ft up a tree in Hampshire sparked a rescue bid by the fire service.
An iguana 60ft up a tree sparked a rescue bid.
Now steak is served, and steak costs approximately $12 million a year over four years for the Bourn strip and $11 million a year for three years for the filet Lohse.
Steak is served.
UK shop prices grew at their slowest pace in 16 months during December as retailers discounted clothes, footwear and electrical goods, according to research from the British Retail Consortium.
Shop prices grew at their slowest pace in 16 months.
``The men and women of the Church who are careerists and social climbers, who 'use' people, the Church, their brothers and sisters -- whom they should be serving -- as a springboard for their own personal interests and ambitions ... are doing great harm to the Church.''
The men who are careerists and social climbers, people, the Church... are doing great harm.
VETERAN Wests Tigers prop Jason Cayless announced his retirement, just 16 days ahead of the NRL season kickoff.
Jason Cayless announced his retirement.
The Texas parole board refused Tuesday to stop this week's scheduled execution of a Mexican national for raping and killing a 16-year-old girl.
The Texas parole board refused to stop this week's execution of a Mexican national.
India has called for an international vessel monitoring system to prevent illegal fishing by big nations in the territorial waters of countries like India, said Minister of State for Agriculture KV Thomas here Monday.
India has called for an vessel monitoring system to prevent illegal fishing.
The pace of change, in other words, is frustratingly slow.
The pace of change is slow.
Open position limits in commodity futures trading will be liberalized soon, according to new measures planned by the apex Forward Markets Commission.
Open position limits in futures trading will be liberalized.
MESA, Ariz. -The Chicago Cubs beat Ryan Theriot in salary arbitration, and the shortstop will be paid $2.6 million this season instead of his request for a raise from $500,000 to $3.4 million.
MESA - The Chicago Cubs beat Ryan Theriot in salary arbitration.
http://www.digtriad.com/video/1979707701001/1/Anne-Hathaway-I-Really-Want-a-Baby http://cdn.newslook.com/1b/1bc3dbd9c64cf7e622f457de12370840/images/frame_0004.jpg Anne Hathaway: 'I Really Want a Baby!' Anne Hathaway has hinted that she will start a family as soon as she and her husband work out where to live.
Anne Hathaway : I Really Want a Baby ! has hinted.
It's almost all over for team Ghana at the maiden Youth Olympic Games in Singapore and may return home on Saturday without a medal after two medal hopefuls, Atsu Nyamadi and Rita Luonab run out of steam in the track and field final yesterday.
It's all over for Ghana.
AP Feb 11, 2013 05:34:18 PM Red Star beat Partizan 78-69 in Serbia's basketball cup final that was played Monday in an empty arena after clashes between rival fans stopped play at the weekend.
Feb 11, Red Star beat Partizan 78 in Serbia's basketball cup final that was played in an empty arena.
Auriga upgraded Juniper Networks to Buy with a price target of $26, citing attractive valuation.
Auriga upgraded Juniper Networks to Buy.
Jesse Helms, a die-hard anti-communist firebrand who championed a wide range of conservative causes in his 30 years in the US Senate, died early on Friday, aged 86, his foundation said.
Jesse Helms, a firebrand, died, aged 86.
A WOMAN was punched in the face as she walked down a main residential road in Yeovil.
A WOMAN was punched in the face.
A grassfire that started at Ulupna near Shepparton last night is contained but the DSE reminds you that the threat of grassfires remains high.
The threat of grassfires remains.
TeamBank will meet its Monday deadline to produce a capital plan for regulators, the bank's top officer said Wednesday.
TeamBank will meet its deadline.
Titus Young pleaded not guilty to the eight charges he faces in Orange County.
Titus Young pleaded not guilty to the eight charges.
Ghaziabad, May 6 A fire sparked by a candle killed two children in Dalatpura area in Ghaziabad in Uttar Pradesh.
May 6 A fire killed two children.
Rapper TI and his wife, singer and reality star Tameka ``Tiny'' Cottle, have been arrested on drug charges, police told TVGuide.com.
TI and his wife have been arrested on drug charges.
THE 2008 circuit racing season kicks off in style at Croft Circuit with action on both four wheels and two in successive weekends.
THE 2008 circuit racing season kicks off in style.
Google is announcing $23 million in grants to spur innovation among charities and increase education for girls and minority students in science and technology.
Google is announcing $ 23 million in grants to spur innovation among charities.
Egyptian Islamist presidential hopefuls on Monday condemned violence that erupted during a Coptic protest outside the state TV building late Sunday.
Islamist presidential hopefuls condemned violence that erupted during a Coptic protest.
Free State Stars got their first win of the 2009/10 Absa Premiership season, beating Golden Arrows 3-1 at Goble Park on Wednesday afternoon.
Free State Stars got their first win.
Regenerative medicine is now being used for treatment of Avascular Necrosis, according to AJ Farshchian MD an Orthopedic Regenerative physician at the Center for Regenerative Medicine.
Regenerative medicine is now being used for treatment of Avascular Necrosis.
Tourism Ireland has strengthened its business and sports tourism team with the appointment of Caroline Mulligan.
Tourism Ireland has strengthened its business and team.
President Pratibha Patil on Saturday expressed concern over ``repeated'' blasts in the city and conveyed condolences to the bereaved family members of the 13-year old boy, who died in the blast in Mehrauli.
Pratibha Patil expressed concern.
Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi said on Tuesday that Pakistan is committed to strengthening democracy, improving governance and enhancing its institutional capacities with the support of the international community.While addressing the Ministerial Meeting of Friends of Democratic Pakistan co-chaired by Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmed Davutoglu, he said ``We believe that by partnering with the international community, our shared goals for progress and development will be significantly advanced.''
Pakistan is committed to strengthening, improving governance and enhancing its institutional capacities.
A man in North Carolina was caught stealing the identity of a three year old girl when he tried to sign up for telephone and natural gas service.
A man was caught stealing the identity of a three year old girl.
``I want to congratulate Governor Pat Quinn on his victory.
I want to congratulate Governor Pat Quinn.
Clubs from five countries -- the Central African Republic, Chad, Kenya, Rwanda and Sierra Leone -- have been excluded from African continental club competition this year, the Confederation of African Football said on Sunday.
Clubs from five countries -- have been excluded from African competition.
Rihanna sued her former accountants Thursday, blaming them for tens of millions of dollars in losses, shoddy bookkeeping, a failure to recommend she trim expenses when a 2009 tour was losing money and an ongoing audit by the Internal Revenue Service.
Rihanna sued her former accountants, blaming for of millions.
China has blocked access to the New York Times (NYT) Web site, the newspaper said Saturday, days after the central government defended its right to censor online content it deems illegal.
China has blocked access to the New York Times Web site.
The Bruins selected their fourth forward in as many picks, drafting Craig Cunningham in the fourth round of the NHL draft.
The Bruins selected, drafting Craig Cunningham in the fourth round.
Almost 2,3 million people in Bulgaria live under the poverty limit which is 176,64 BGN in Bulgaria.
Almost 2,3 million people in Bulgaria live under the poverty limit.
Evernote has recently announced that they've surpassed one million registered users.
Evernote 've surpassed one million users.
People stand in line before passing through a metal detector to attend the Zhanaozen clashes trial at a makeshift court in a single-storey youth centre in the Caspian port city of Aktau, March 27, 2012.
People stand in line before passing through a metal detector to attend the Zhanaozen clashes trial at a makeshift court in the city of Aktau.
AT least four labourers were injured when the roof of a house where they were doing repair work collapsed near Rashidpura Chowk on Friday.
AT least four labourers were injured the roof collapsed.
A Wilton Manors man is being accused of elderly neglect after police said his 78-year-old mother was found nude and covered in feces.
A Wilton Manors man is being accused of elderly neglect.
A Shunpike Road laundromat was taken to the cleaners by a fast-acting thief overnight Sunday.
A laundromat was taken to the cleaners by a thief.
A couple of brothers have been charged with 20 child sex offenses in Australia.
A couple of brothers have been charged with 20 child sex offenses.
It's the first time the Centers for Disease Control is recommending everyone over the age of six-months-old get a flu shot.
The Centers for Disease Control is recommending get a flu shot.
DENVER A Denver police officer has been arrested on a second-degree assault charge after being accused of using excessive force against a 16-year-old boy.
A Denver police officer has been arrested on a assault charge.
Australian building approvals fell 14.8 per cent to 14,144 units in April, seasonally adjusted, from an upwardly revised 16,610 units in March, the Australian Bureau of Statistics said on Tuesday.
Building approvals fell in April.
Soda pop maker Cott Corp., which has been restructuring its business amid tough business conditions, says it has arranged a new financing deal with relaxed terms.
Cott Corp. has arranged a new financing deal with relaxed terms.
A Shelbyville business is being sued by the city of Manchester in an attempt to recover money lost to theft committed by that city's former public works director and his son.
A Shelbyville business is being sued by the city of Manchester.
But I'm just a good bathroom singer, I'm not at all a competent singer,'' said Sonam.
But I 'm just a bathroom singer.
Japanese car giant Nissan says it will build a new hatchback at its UK plant, creating more than 1,000 jobs at the site and at component companies.
Nissan will build a new hatchback at its UK plant.
His creator, Angel Inigo Blanco stated that Fidel has carved the best sculpture of Humanity: the Cuban Revolution, he has the right of giving others the responsibility of immortalize it, those who started the struggle with him and others who have helped to continue the hard task of giving continuity.
Fidel has carved the best sculpture of Humanity.
Leona Lewis is buying an apartment in the area of London she grew up in.
Leona Lewis is buying an apartment in the area of London.
US President George Bush signed a housing bill Wednesday that provides relief for homeowners and sets up a rescue plan for federal mortgage guarantors.
George Bush signed a housing bill.
Yesterday, a huge fire ate up a whole lot of Universal Studios movie sets and left them in ashes!
A fire ate up a lot of Universal Studios sets.
Centurion India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni admitted that bowling was an area of concern although the team were shot out for a paltry 136 in the first innings of the first Test which concluded at the Supersport park in Centurion today.
Bowling was an area of concern.
A child escaped a bungalow fire, which is believed to have been caused by an electrical fault, yesterday.
A child escaped a bungalow fire.
Javelin Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a leading developer of novel acute care pain products, commented on the tender offer extension by Hospira, Inc.
Javelin Pharmaceuticals, Inc., commented on the tender offer extension by Hospira, Inc..
Denver police say they've had multiple reports of a man in a thong running, exposing himself and masturbating.
Police 've had in a thong running, exposing himself.
David Hiller, publisher of the Los Angeles Times, is resigning after less than two years at the beleaguered newspaper as its parent company, Tribune Co., prepares to cut jobs there.
David Hiller, publisher of the Los Angeles Times, is resigning.
``We are not repressed and disturbed. We were shocked no doubt, but not repressed. We will fight on until we get justice. I represent a force that is indestructible. So, I am not worried; neither am I perturbed about the decision of the election tribunal.''
I represent a force that is indestructible.
But Tuesday, we got word Fidel Castro is stepping down as the leader of Cuba.
Fidel Castro is stepping down as the leader of Cuba.
Spain has won a lengthy legal battle with US treasure hunters over ownership of one the largest hauls of gold and silver ever recovered from the sea.
Spain has won a legal battle with US treasure hunters.
Jon Venables, one of the killers of James Bulger, has been sent back to prison after breaching the conditions of his release.
Jon Venables, one of the killers of James Bulger, has been sent back to prison.
Two trailers belonging to Wayne McCarthy of Rainy River, were lost to fire Sunday evening.
Two trailers, were lost to fire.
A Pulaski man is headed to prison, after being convicted of a bizarre sexual assault on a Radford University student.
A Pulaski man is headed, after being convicted of a sexual assault on a Radford University student.
Dollarama Inc, the dollar-store that had one of Canada's largest IPOs last year, said on Monday that key stakeholders priced a secondary offering of stock at C$24.60 per share.
Dollarama Inc said stakeholders priced a secondary offering.
President Mahinda Rajapaksa, who is now in China for a four-day visit, has received a honorary doctorate from the Beijing Foreign Language University, the Director General of the President's Media Banduala Jayasekara said.
Mahinda Rajapaksa, who is, has received a honorary doctorate.
Sugarbush Resort has extended its ski season at Lincoln Peak through April 27, the resort announced.
Sugarbush Resort has extended its season at Lincoln Peak.
Sarang Wadhawan, vice chairman and managing director of HDIL says, the debt is likely to be reduced by 20-25% in Q4FY12.
The debt is likely to be reduced by 20 - 25% in Q4FY12.
Russia has said it would use military means if the United States deployed a missile defence shield close to Russia's borders.
Russia would use military means if the United States deployed a shield.
Space shuttle Atlantis and its seven astronauts returned to Earth with a smooth touchdown Friday to end an ``amazing'' flight that resupplied the International Space Station.
Space shuttle Atlantis returned to Earth.
Qatar said on Saturday it would respect the choice of Tunisians after President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali fled to Saudi Arabia following violent anti-government protests.
Qatar said it would respect the choice of Tunisians.
Interiormark launched its newest website, SofasandSectionals.com.
Interiormark launched its newest website.
Prince William has announced his engagement to Kate Middleton, after apparently popping the question in Kenya last month.
Prince William has announced his engagement to Kate Middleton.
Bankrupt retailer Linens 'n Things on Monday offered a sign that business may be improving slightly, saying it will close fewer stores than originally anticipated.
Retailer will close fewer stores.
The Montana Highway Patrol says one person was killed in a crash between a car and a commercial vehicle on US Highway 12 just west of Ryegate.
One person was killed in a crash between a car and a commercial vehicle.
US Rep. Bill Pascrell Jr. today announced that he has scheduled a forum to discuss senior issues next week in Montclair.
Bill Pascrell Jr. has scheduled to discuss senior issues in Montclair.
Mayor Michael Bloomberg said a new state deal that ensures teacher evaluation systems don't expire is ``helpful,'' but the city and the teachers union still need to negotiate on a new system.
A new deal that ensures teacher evaluation systems don't expire is.
Uma Thurman and Arpad Busson celebrated their engagement on Wednesday night.
Uma Thurman and Arpad Busson celebrated their engagement.
The River Walk duck killers reward has been raised to $15,000.
The duck killers reward has been raised to $ 15,000.
The delegation headed by the head of the squad of the RA Armed forces, Colonel General Yuri Khachaturov is leaving for Brussels since 17 th up to 19 th January to attend the NATO's Euro-Atlantic Partnership, Afghanistan International Security Assistance Forces and NATO's Military Committee sessions.
The delegation headed, Colonel General Yuri Khachaturov is leaving for Brussels.
Luis Suarez has revealed he wants to stay at Liverpool after speculation Paris Saint-Germain were planning an offer for the Uruguayan, the Liverpool Echo has reported.
Luis Suarez wants to stay at Liverpool.
India and Saudi Arabia have signed a new bilateral air services agreement on 23 January, 2008, allowing for more passenger flights between the two countries and removes all restrictions on cargo services.
India and Saudi Arabia have signed a new bilateral air services agreement.
The Detroit Lions say they've cut defensive tackle Orien Harris.
The Detroit Lions 've cut tackle Orien Harris.
KONE Inc., one of the world's leading elevator and escalator companies, and Power Efficiency Corporation, a clean tech company focused on energy efficiency technologies for electric motors, announced today that KONE has installed the EcoStart® on escalators at McCarran International Airport.
KONE has installed the EcoStart ® on escalators at McCarran International Airport.
Authorities in Jefferson County have raided a bingo hall and seized 58 gambling machines.
Authorities have raided a bingo hall and seized 58 machines.
A 151kg tea bag, which is thought to be the biggest of its kind in the world, has been unveiled in Australia.
A 151kg tea bag has been unveiled in Australia.
A Union Gap car dealership was robbed at gunpoint late Saturday afternoon, police said.
A Union Gap car dealership was robbed.
Sydney needs second airport Updated: 10:59, Friday March 2, 2012 Sydney should receive more flights every hour and host a second airport in the western suburbs, a report commissioned by the federal government says.
Sydney needs second airport.
Actor Gary Sinise and his Lt. Dan Band will be performing outside Temecula City Hall tonight in a concert benefiting a US Marine who lost both legs and an arm in Afghanistan.
Gary Sinise and his Lt. Dan Band will be performing tonight in a concert benefiting a US Marine.
The world's leading retailer Wal-Mart plans to launch e-commerce business in China and Japan, and it is currently establishing the technology platform, the Financial Times reports.
Wal-Mart plans to launch e-commerce business in China and Japan.
Everton chairman Bill Kenwright is looking to the future after the collapse of plans to build a new ground - but accepts the club cannot move forward without significant investment.
Bill Kenwright is looking to the future.
Walter Zenga has left Catania and taken over as coach at Sicilian rival Palermo.
Walter Zenga has left Catania.
Dave Smith, a former all-star closer who holds the Houston Astros record for games pitched, died Wednesday.
Dave Smith, a former all-star, died.
``I miss Myers,'' Manuel said.
I miss Myers.
A restaurant in Wilkesboro, NC, was interrupted when a van crashed into it, slightly injuring one man dining.
A van crashed into A restaurant.
US Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs, Richard Boucher, arrived in Pakistan on Monday .
Secretary, Richard Boucher, arrived in Pakistan.
Bulgaria is a very attractive investment destination, but it needs several things -- rule of law, stimuli for business, education and training and infrastructure.
Bulgaria is a very attractive investment destination, but it needs things -- rule of law.
Peter Berg has officially left the Dune remake currently in early development at Paramount.
Peter Berg has left the Dune remake.
NIU will release a comprehensive report on the 2008 deadly shootings at niu will be to the public on Thursday.
NIU will release a report on the 2008 shootings.
On Monday, former Commerce Secretary Gary Locke was sworn in as the new US Ambassador to China.
Gary Locke was sworn in as the US Ambassador to China.
Tracy Reese has relaunched her e-commerce website, TracyReese.com, and on it the fashion designer is not only going to offer her latest collections from both Tracy Reese and Plenty by Tracy Reese, but some of her inspirations as well.
Tracy Reese has relaunched her website.
As much as €1bn of distressed Irish properties backed by debt from Lloyds Banking Group plc could be transferred to a new venture with one of Ireland's best-known property groups.
As much as € 1bn of properties backed by debt from Lloyds Banking Group plc could be transferred to a new venture.
Fryatt, 25, silenced the boo boys - after a miss in the defeat by Blackpool - with a slick finish and said: ``I got criticism and everyone is entitled to those opinions but forwards miss chances. ``You have to keep believing in your ability and if I get enough chances I know I'll score more often than not.'' Ipswich captain Grant Leadbitter said: ``Our home form needs to be better than last season if we want to go forward.''
Fryatt silenced the boo boys with a slick finish.
Unsecured loans have been ranked #1 by most financial institutes.
Unsecured loans have been ranked # 1.
Country singer Willie Nelson, a marijuana enthusiast who was arrested for possession in November, has been offered freedom from jail by a judge if he pleads guilty and sang a song for the court.
Willie Nelson has been offered freedom from jail if he pleads guilty and sang a song.
German automobile manufacturer Daimler, also the world's leading maker of heavy trucks, said Tuesday that it would raise its stake in Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus Corporation to 89.29 percent.
Daimler said it would raise its stake in Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus Corporation.
A basketball coach is accused of selling pot and prescription drugs.
A coach is accused of selling drugs.
General Motors filed for bankruptcy protection yesterday, culminating the collapse of the automaker that once symbolised American global industrial might.
General Motors filed for bankruptcy protection.
``Everyone has to have big eyes, big ears, know what's going on around them and be policemen for the organization,'' says Goldman Sachs CEO Blankfein to employees as part of the annual meeting.
Everyone has to have big eyes, big ears, know what's going on and be policemen.
By Dave Flett '' ACOMB arrows ace Chris Thompson has been drawn against two-time World Championship runner-up Ronnie Baxter in the third round of the UK Open.
Arrows ace Chris Thompson has been drawn against Ronnie Baxter in the third round of the UK Open.
Hong Kong shares hit a 19-1/2-month high on Friday, while China posted a first gain in three days after better-than-expected data showed the world's second-largest economy snapped seven-straight quarters of declining economic growth.
Hong Kong shares hit a 19 - 1/2 month high.
Rain, cool temperatures delay cicada explosion It seems even cicadas don't like going out in the rain.
Rain, cool temperatures delay cicada explosion.
I would just like to point out to John Lowe of Wolstanton that immigration works both ways.
Immigration works both ways.
DemoWolf, a producer of flash support tutorials, announced last week that it has released 46 new tutorials for the latest version of WHMCS version 4, a client billing system for web hosts that continues to grow in popularity.
DemoWolf has released 46 new tutorials.
A former soldier was charged in the magistrate's court here yesterday for impersonating a doctor and had administered treatment to patients without the Annual Practising Certificate from the Malaysian Medical Council.
A former soldier was charged for impersonating a doctor.
The country's largest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India said it will hire at least 2,300 people, mainly for its upcoming two new plants in Manesar, within next two years.
Maruti Suzuki India will hire at least 2,300 people within two years.
Drugs like Ritalin may help childhood cancer survivors who often develop long term problems with thinking, memory, attention span, behavior and school performance because of treatments that often target the central nervous system.
Drugs like Ritalin may help childhood cancer survivors.
A Woodstock police officer has been suspended for 30 days and ordered to have no intentional contact with City Councilman Ralph Webster.
A Woodstock officer has been suspended for 30 days.
Top-seeded Lucie Safarova of the Czech Republic withdrew with a left thigh muscle injury before her second round match against Sweden's Johanna Larsson at the Prague Open.
Lucie Safarova withdrew with a thigh injury.
New Jersey teachers are encouraged to apply for funding through PSEG's Environmental Education Grant Program, which provides funding to educators who can link their students' understanding of math, science, computer science, and technology with an enthusiasm and appreciation for the environment.
Teachers are encouraged to apply for funding through PSEG's Environmental Education Grant Program.
Pop singer Celine Dion says she was ``thrilled'' to kick off a new world tour by starting in South Africa.
Celine Dion was thrilled to kick off a tour.
Former Geelong premiership player Nathan Ablett is considering playing with Gold Coast in the VFL next season in what could be a step towards an AFL comeback.
Nathan Ablett is considering playing with Gold Coast in the VFL next season.
A Goshen teen has been sentenced to sixty-five years in prison in the fatal beating of a 76-year-old woman.
A Goshen teen has been sentenced in the fatal beating.
An investigating official told IANS Sunday that the Karmapa was intentionally hiding facts.
The Karmapa was intentionally hiding facts.
Olson was denied parole by the National Parole Board at a hearing in Ste-Anne-des-Plaines, Que.
Olson was denied by the National Parole Board.
Gov. Charlie Crist threw the Gadsden County community hospital a life line this morning, signing a bill that gives the county another year to reopen the facility.
Charlie Crist threw the Gadsden County community hospital a life line.
Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama has said that China needs to learn from India about democracy which brings in harmony among people of different languages and ethnic backgrounds.
China needs to learn from India about democracy.
NFL players say thanks to fans for their support during the lockout.
Players say thanks to fans.
In an effort to prevent inaccurate information from being posted on some of its articles, Wikipedia is implementing a new editing policy.
Wikipedia is implementing a new editing policy.
Knowledge is wealth in its purest form, fully possessed by and inseparable from the individual.
Knowledge is wealth.
Stocks tacked on modest gains Tuesday to extend a rally to a fourth day following a strong rise in pending home sales, the latest encouraging signal for the troubled housing market.
Stocks tacked to extend a rally to a fourth day.
Alberto Aquilani says it was emotional making his AC Milan debut in last night's draw against Lazio .
Alberto Aquilani says it was emotional making his AC Milan debut.
Sessions of the 3rd consultative meeting between Yemen and donors will be held by the end of 2008.
Sessions of the consultative meeting between Yemen and donors will be held.
British designer brand Amanda Wakeley has secured ``significant'' investment from private equity firm AGC Equity Partners.
Amanda Wakeley has secured significant investment.
Actor Farhan Akhtar, who is set to reprise the role of Milkha Singh in Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra`s 'Bhaag Milkha Bhaag', will start growing a beard and wear a turban to perfect his look as the legendary athlete.
Farhan Akhtar will start growing a beard.
An Iranian nuclear scientist has been killed and another wounded in two separate, but similar attacks, according to Iranian media reports.
An Iranian nuclear scientist has been killed.
Former WWE and WCW World Heavyweight Champion Bill Goldberg Tweeted some interesting remarks about WWE, Triple H, and Ryback.
WWE and Bill Goldberg Tweeted some remarks about WWE and Ryback.
A Jacksonville businessman is accused of assaulting police officers with a firearm early this morning.
A Jacksonville businessman is accused of assaulting police officers.
A suicide bomber in a wheelchair killed a top policeman and wounded four others in an attack on the police operations centre in the Iraqi city of Samarra yesterday, police said.
A bomber in a wheelchair killed a top policeman.
A Janesville woman admitted Friday in federal court to harboring a man on probation who mailed death threats to two Presidents of the United States.
A Janesville woman admitted to harboring a man on probation.
Bulgarian diplomat, Elena Poptodorova, has returned to Washington DC to serve a second term as Bulgarian Ambassador to US.
Diplomat, Elena Poptodorova, has returned to Washington DC to serve as Bulgarian Ambassador.
Rip Van Winkle has been retired to stud at Coolmore where he will stand alongside his sire Galileo, and will not run the Breeders' Cup.
Rip Van Winkle has been retired to stud.
Swiss stocks pared gains, with the Swiss Market Index trading near an 11-month low, as European Union leaders pledged to aid Greece.
Swiss stocks pared gains.
George Zimmerman was released early this morning from a Florida county jail on $150,000 bail.
George Zimmerman was released from a jail on $ 150,000 bail.
Travelzoo Inc., a global Internet media company, today surpassed 25 million subscribers worldwide.
Travelzoo Inc. today surpassed 25 million subscribers worldwide.
A Sept. 3 trial date has been set in the Serial Shooter case, but it remains unclear which of the two suspects will be tried first.
A trial date has been set in the Serial Shooter case.
The final curtain New look for stadium as the M1 derby looms
The New look for stadium as the M1 derby looms.
The Bank of Canada said on Tuesday no amount was transacted in either its term purchase and resale agreement operation or term loan facility.
The Bank of Canada said no amount was transacted.
New England regional director of schools Jim White says parents and students can be assured that NAPLAN tests will go ahead despite union calls for a teacher boycott.
NAPLAN tests will go ahead.
November Crude Oil continued to slide lower on Thursday on light volume.
Crude Oil continued to slide on light volume.
Smith \u0026 Williamson's Chris Lynas sold all euro exposure this month, saying the currency could collapse into chaos if Greece is allowed to exit.
Smith \u0026 Williamson's Chris Lynas sold all euro exposure.
Subo has canceled her Australian tour so that she can ``rest'' before recording her follow-up album to the international success I Dreamed A Dream.
Subo has canceled her Australian tour.
Fil-American netter Treat Huey barged into the Top 40 of the Association of Tennis Professionals doubles rankings for the first time after two impressive finishes.
Treat Huey barged into the Top 40.
``Jobs must be our number one focus in 2010, and that is why I am calling for a new jobs bill tonight,'' Obama said in his first State of the Union speech to a joint session of Congress.
Jobs must be our number one focus in 2010.
From Miley Cyrus to Anne Hathaway, nearly all of our favorite celebrities have had their own time in the spotlight for embarrassing incidents when their clothes didn't cooperate.
When their clothes didn't cooperate.
Governor Pat Quinn today announced approval of a new underground coal mine to be opened in Hamilton County.
Pat Quinn today announced approval of a new coal mine to be opened in Hamilton County.
Veteran soul and gospel vocalist Shirley Murdock will make her debut with the world-renowned National Symphony Orchestra in its upcoming production of ``Mighty Stream,'' a celebration of Martin Luther King, Jr. and the American Freedom Movement.
Vocalist Shirley Murdock will make her debut with the National Symphony Orchestra.
Japan's Mitsubishi Electric said Monday that it would stop making mobile telephones because of a bleak outlook for the loss-making business, which is facing tough competition.
Japan's Mitsubishi Electric would stop making mobile telephones.
US stocks bounced back on Tuesday, reversing the previous day's losses while shrugging off the spectre of more turmoil in Europe.
US stocks bounced back.
The Boston Celtics (team stats) have signed free agent center Jason Collins and re-signed guard Keyon Dooling.
The Boston Celtics have signed Jason Collins and re-signed Keyon Dooling.
South Africa's growth recovery is expected to continue, the Bureau of Economic Research said on Monday.
South Africa's growth recovery is expected to continue.
Appeal to Kadima and Labour for national unity deal Israeli president asks Netanyahu to form government
Appeal for Israeli president asks Netanyahu to form government.
An Iowa City committee is recommending that vendors along a crowded street outside of Kinnick Stadium on game days should be banned.
Vendors along a street outside of Kinnick Stadium should be banned.
TWO Canberra women have just taken early retirement after jointly claiming the $2 million division one prize from Monday night's Lotto draw.
TWO women have taken after claiming the $ 2 million division one prize from Monday night's Lotto draw.
UAE national carrier Etihad Airways carried a record 31,700 tonnes of cargo in March, an increase of 20 per cent on the previous year.
Etihad Airways carried a record 31,700 tonnes of cargo in March.
Three young men were airlifted to a Lexington hospital Sunday night after a single-vehicle crash on US 127 in Frankfort.
Three men were airlifted to a hospital after a crash on US 127.
Muskogee ranks the 12th least expensive city in the nation, according to Muskogee Development's latest information.
Muskogee ranks the 12th least expensive city.
A woman committed suicide by hanging herself over a family dispute near here.
A woman committed suicide.
Shareholders will be worse off with the new dividend tax, PricewaterhouseCoopers SA said on Tuesday.
Shareholders will be worse off with the dividend tax.
MORE than 5,000 children are on waiting lists for hearing tests, with 43% waiting for more than nine months.
MORE than 5,000 children are on waiting for hearing tests.
It was the first time Zachary Quinto, who played Spock in new ``Star Trek'' movie, heard about Rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock game of ``The Big Bang Theory'' from a journalist on the interview for ``Margin Call''.
Zachary Quinto played in movie, heard about Rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock game.
The Ayurveda education and research is gaining scientific acceptance and approval.
The Ayurveda education is gaining scientific acceptance.
Actress Jessica Chastain is set to make her Broadway debut in an upcoming revival of The Heiress.
Jessica Chastain is set to make her Broadway debut.
One of the Big Brother 2012 housemates has a 'shocking sex secret', it has been claimed.
One of the Big Brother 2012 housemates has a shocking sex secret.
Three Turkish policemen were injured in a rocket attack in southeastern Turkey on Tuesday, the semi-official Anatolia news agency reported.
Three policemen were injured in a rocket attack in southeastern Turkey.
COAS stated that the Army is making all out efforts for rescue and relief of the affected people.
The Army is making all out efforts for rescue and relief.
The United Nations says Pakistan has extended refugee status for over a million Afghans living in the country.
Pakistan has extended refugee status for over a million Afghans.
A European human rights court, citing long sentences and restrictive American prison conditions, has blocked the extradition to the US of four terror suspects, two of whom are wanted in Connecticut on charges of raising money, weapons and recruits for Islamic extremist groups.
A European court has blocked the extradition of four terror suspects, two are wanted in Connecticut.
An LA traffic stop turned fatal last week.
An traffic stop turned fatal.
Fendt is introducing the new Fendt 900 Series Vario tractors during the Farm Progress Show in Decatur, Ill.
Fendt is introducing the Fendt 900 Series Vario tractors.
Gas selection from Russian underground gas storage facilities reached a new record of 564.9 million cubic meters on Jan. 25 Gas selection from Russian underground gas storage facilities reached a new record of 564.9 million cubic meters on January 25, the Central Dispatching Department of the Fuel and Energy Complex said in a statement.
Selection from Russian gas storage facilities reached a new record, said.
The 67th annual Cloverdale Rodeo and 125th Country Fair opens today at 4 pm, ushering a long weekend filled with entertainment.
Cloverdale Rodeo opens today.
The city council made their vote tonight to upgrade flood plans for Terre Haute.
The city council made to upgrade flood plans.
``The market is likely to edge higher in opening trade on firm Asian stocks. Asian stocks climbed in the last trading day of 2011, with the region`s benchmark index trimming its biggest yearly decline since 2008, as rising US home sales signaled the world`s largest economy is weathering Europe`s debt crisis. US stocks rose, restoring the yearly gain for the Standard \u0026 Poor`s 500 Index, as economic data signaled the US is weathering Europe`s debt crisis. The euro erased an earlier loss versus the dollar and European shares gained,`` said SMC Global Research.
The market is likely to edge higher in opening trade.
Matthew Morrison, star of hit television show Glee, has revealed he feels ``surrounded by love but still alone'' as legions of fans don't know his real name.
Matthew Morrison has revealed he feels surrounded by love but still alone don't know.
Kutcher was spotted with Kunis in his hometown of Cedar Rapids, sharing a treat at Fruitzen Frozen Yogurt, Access Hollywood reports.
Kutcher was spotted with Kunis.
Chief Minister, Senator Ian Gorst, and Assistant Chief Minister, Senator Paul Routier, will attend the next British-Irish Council summit meeting later this week.
Minister and Assistant Chief Minister will attend the British-Irish Council summit meeting.
A BUNTINGFORD takeaway can stay open for longer hours on Friday and Saturday nights after receiving the go ahead from East Herts Council.
A BUNTINGFORD takeaway can stay open for longer hours.
A pre-season poll has given the Wartburg baseball team added motivation for this season.
A poll has given the Wartburg baseball team motivation.
FORT WAYNE, Ind. - Saturday morning at the downtown branch of the Allen County Public Library will hold a community bike summit.
FORT WAYNE - will hold a bike summit.
A high speed chase that spanned two counties has ended in Marietta Friday night, with the driver in custody.
A high speed chase has ended in Marietta.
Econet Wireless yesterday disconnected government-owned cellular network operator NetOne again over a $19 million debt while the High Court was sitting to hear the case.
Econet Wireless yesterday disconnected NetOne again.
Cyborg, the HR and payroll management software provider, has rebranded as Accero.
Cyborg has rebranded as Accero.
Iraqi officials said Friday that the Iraq's presidential council has endorsed the execution of ``Chemical Ali,'', Saddam Hussein's cousin, who was implicated in the 1980s scorched-earth campaign against Kurds.
Iraqi officials said the Iraq's presidential council has endorsed the execution of Chemical Ali.
While attending the summit of world leaders in Pittsburg last week, Michelle Obama clued in a few select reporters that she will be lobbying hard for Chicago to beat out contenders Rio de Janeiro, Tokyo and Madrid.
Michelle Obama will be lobbying for Chicago to beat out.
Entries are being accepted for the second annual ``A Parcel for the Park'' road race and walk May 1 at Abernathy Regional Park.
Entries are being accepted for the road race and walk.
``I'm independent of Wall Street,'' Romney, 64, said in an interview with Bloomberg Television that began airing yesterday.
I 'm independent of Wall Street.
Why not run more out of the ``I'' with Sean McHugh as fullback?
Why not run more.
Javier Hernandez has hailed Manchester United team-mate David de Gea as the best goalkeeper in world football.
Javier Hernandez has hailed Manchester United team-mate David de Gea.
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has arrived in Bangladesh for a two-day state visit aimed at warming often prickly ties between the two South Asian neighbors.
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has arrived in Bangladesh for a visit aimed at warming prickly ties between the two neighbors.
Gabriel Obertan finally made his Manchester United debut on Monday night after playing 45 minutes of a reserve team game against Oldham Athletic.
Gabriel Obertan made his Manchester United debut.
Nevertheless, Barca took care of business against Rubin Kazan with a 2-0 win.
Barca took care against Rubin Kazan with a 2 0 win.
As Pakistan brainstorms to revamp its foreign policy after last month's deadly Nato strike, foreign minister Ms Hina Rabbani Khar said the country will retaliate against all future attacks but also made it clear that Islamabad is not taking its ties with the USA to a point of no return.
The country will retaliate against all future attacks.
Prime Minister Gordon Brown announced that Britain has expelled two Iranian diplomats in a tit-for-tat action after Tehran ordered two British diplomats to leave.
Britain has expelled two Iranian diplomats.
Gov. Deval Patrick is asking President Barack Obama for federal disaster relief for seven Massachusetts counties in the wake of the heavy rains and severe flooding that began March 12.
Deval Patrick is asking Barack Obama for disaster relief.
Political parties protest against Anna's slap remark with leaders unanimously saying that he should stay within his limits.
Political parties protest against Anna's slap remark.
The Karachi police in their on-going drive against criminals, arrested 15 accused during the past 24 hours.
The police, arrested 15 accused during the 24 hours.
A MAGISTRATE stole £1,400 from a charitable organisation which she had helped set up and used it to install railings and a gate to improve security at her own home, a jury was told.
A MAGISTRATE stole £ 1,400 from a charitable organisation she had helped set up.
Developers for a planned Nepco Lake residential project have quietly taken steps to help the community, officials say.
Developers have taken steps to help the community.
Tea Party activists rallied at the state Capitol to tell members of the General Assembly that they're already being taxed enough.
Tea Party activists rallied at the Capitol.
New Albany City Council on Tuesday, Nov. 13, unanimously approved a five-year, job-creation tax credit for iQor, a company that plans to bring 800 jobs to New Albany.
IQor plans to bring 800 jobs to New Albany.
Researchers have uncovered a genetic cause of a type of eczema most common in infancy that also affects millions of adults around the world with dry, itchy and inflamed skin lesions.
Researchers have uncovered a genetic cause of a type of eczema.
Several major hedge funds suffered substantial losses in the first quarter of 2011, during which the Japan earthquake and tsunami occurred.
Several major hedge funds suffered losses.
Caltrans is considering replacing every bolt on the new Bay Bridge after at least 30 of them snapped.
Caltrans is considering replacing every bolt on the new Bay Bridge.
On Wednesday, spice maker McCormick \u0026 Company declared its next quarterly dividend and announced a new share repurchase program.
McCormick \u0026 Company declared its quarterly dividend.
Britain has agreed to sell nationalised lender Northern Rock to Virgin Money, the banking arm of Richard Branson's Virgin empire, in a loss-making deal that marks the start of the government's exit from banks it bailed out in the 2008 crisis.
Britain has agreed to sell Northern Rock to Virgin Money.
Sri Lanka Friday launched an online visa approval system for people on a short stay, Xinhua reported.
Sri Lanka Friday launched an online visa approval system.
A journalist looks at a coelacanth at the Sant Ocean Hall at the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History during a press preview in Washington, DC 2008.
A journalist looks during a press preview.
The world tennis number two Rafael Nadal says he feared he had suffered serious ligament damage in his Wimbledon fourth-round match against Mikhail Youzhny.
Two Rafael Nadal feared he had suffered ligament damage.
President Mohamed Nasheed, yesterday, met with the Sri Lankan President, Mahinda Rajapaksa and the Vice-President of India Mohammad Hamid Ansari.
Mohamed Nasheed met with the Sri Lankan President, Mahinda Rajapaksa.
RIA Novosti reported that Russia is likely to raise Urals oil export duty from the current USD 238.6 to USD 240.7 per tonne from October 1st following trends on global oil markets.
Russia is likely to raise oil export duty to USD 240.7 per tonne.
MnDOT has advised zero travel around the Twin Cities on Saturday due to the dangerous roads.
MnDOT has advised zero travel around the Twin Cities.
Notre Dame quarterback Jimmy Clausen was punched in the face by an angry fan outside CJ's Pub in South Bend, Indiana.
Jimmy Clausen was punched in the face by an fan.
Pfizer Inc. announced today that the World Health Organization has granted an expansion to the prequalification of Pfizer's pneumococcal conjugate vaccine, Prevenar 13, to include adults 50 years of age and older against pneumonia and invasive disease caused by the 13 pneumococcal serotypes contained in the vaccine.
The World Health Organization has granted an expansion to the prequalification of Pfizer's pneumococcal conjugate vaccine to include adults 50 years of age and older.
A former Hamilton Township assistant construction code official was charged Nov. 6 with one count of second-degree official misconduct for allegedly taking cash for permits totaling nearly $12,000 for her own personal use, Atlantic County Prosecutor Ted Housel said.
A former assistant code official was charged with one count of misconduct.
An Olympia School District bus was involved in a crash about 4 pm Wednesday in the roundabout on Yelm Highway and Boulevard Road, according to district spokeswoman Rebecca Japhet.
An Olympia School District bus was involved in a crash in the roundabout.
Academy Award winning director Sidney Pollack, shown in this April 14, 2005 file photo arriving at the British premiere of his new film ``The Interpreter'' in London, died in Los Angeles on May 26, 2008.
Director Sidney Pollack died.
The Arab League on Tuesday suspended Libya from its sessions in light of violent crackdowns on anti-government protests, regional news network Al Jazeera reported.
The Arab League suspended Libya from its sessions.
Popular Indian singer Kailash Kher, who has won millions of hearts with his Sufi tunes and soulful earthy voice, is set to release his first album of Bangla songs next year.
Kailash Kher is set to release his album of Bangla songs.
Yellow Pages owner Yell Group has suspended dividend payments to shareholders in a bid to reduce debt.
Yell Group has suspended dividend payments.
Indian tennis star Sania Mirza will team up with Virginia Ruano Pascual of Spain for the Australian Open commencing next month.
Sania Mirza will team up with Virginia Ruano Pascual for the Australian Open.
Medical experts and police investigators believe 13-year-old Shazia was not tortured to death, as she has been suffering from mysterious skin diseases and was also mentally ill to some extent, thanks to the media for making a mountain out of mole hole.
Shazia was not tortured to death.
Al Qaeda has released a new ``posthumous'' 13-minute audio tape of bin Laden which has an apparent reference to revolts in Tunisia and Egypt and includes still images emblazoned with an old picture of the al Qaeda leader.
Al Qaeda has released a new audio tape of bin Laden.
The government forecasts GDP growth of 3.7% y/y in 2010, thus reaching UAH 1.178tn.
The government forecasts GDP growth of 3.7% y / y in 2010.
The trial of Franco-Turkish writer Nedim Gürsel on charges of inciting racial and religious hatred has been adjourned until June.
The trial of writer Nedim Gürsel has been adjourned until June.
A Greeneville man faces aggravated assault charges Monday afternoon in connection with a weekend stabbing.
A Greeneville man faces charges in connection with a weekend stabbing.
Lance Corporal Matthew Croucher, 24, from Solihull, Birmingham has received his George Cross from HM The Queen at a ceremony held at Buckingham Palace today.
Lance Corporal Matthew Croucher, Birmingham has received his George Cross from HM The Queen.
The Montgomery County couple accused of starving their young son have been granted supervised visits with the child.
The couple accused of starving their son have been granted visits.
The CEO of Aer Lingus Christoph Mueller has been appointed chairman of An Post.
The CEO of Christoph Mueller has been appointed chairman of An Post.
British soul singer Amy Winehouse has undergone more tests after being taken to hospital four days ago, but hopes to perform as scheduled next week, her office said.
Amy Winehouse has undergone more tests.
FICO, owner of the credit-scoring formula most widely used by US lenders, said fiscal first-quarter profit rose 46 percent as a decline in revenue slowed.
FICO said profit rose 46 percent.
The sources said Younis is ready to take back his resignation but only on the condition that the Pakistan Cricket Board makes a clear announcement about his captaincy term.
Younis is ready to take back his resignation.
Macy's, the famous department store and retail industry pioneer beloved for its memorable events and immortalized in Miracle on 34 th Street, turns 150 years old on October 28, 2008.
Macy turns 150 years old.
Marlins ace Josh Johnson will miss his scheduled start Friday because of back and shoulder pain and could be done for the season, according to the South Florida Sun Sentinel.
Marlins ace Josh Johnson will miss and could be done for the season.
A suspected Taliban member detained here was found to have forged his identity several times in the past by submitting his own death certificate, according to the National Police Agency.
A suspected Taliban member was found to have forged his identity several times.
New Delhi, Feb 12 India is to fine tune its defence purchase procedures to bring them in line with international best practices and to enable the domestic industry effectively absorb the cutting edge technologies that will now become available to this country.
India is to fine tune its defence purchase procedures.
The Super Fight League promoted by IPL team Rajasthan Royals' co-owner Raj Kundra and Bollywood actor Sanjay Dutt has roped in London Olympics bronze medalist MC Mary Kom as its brand ambassador.
The Super Fight League has roped in MC Mary Kom as its brand ambassador.
Retail sales for the year just ended showed positive gains from the previous year, with increases in the 6 to 8 percent range, according to figures just released by the Concordia Sales Tax Collection Agency.
Retail sales showed positive gains.
The evangelicals who have expressed their support for Sen. Barack Obama based on his plans to expand the government to take care of the poor have missed the point of Jesus' concern for the poor and needy.
The evangelicals have missed the point.
Sadiqabad, a thickly populated locality in the heart of the city, has become a hotbed of illicit trade while Sadiqabad administration and Policymakers have failed to control crimes in the locality.
Sadiqabad has become a hotbed of illicit trade.
Dodgers right-hander Hiroki Kuroda tossed a successful simulated game before Saturday's contest against the Reds.
Hiroki Kuroda tossed a successful simulated game.
Jared Loughner, the 22-year-old Tucson shooting suspect, pleaded not guilty to the attempted assassination of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords.
Jared Loughner pleaded not guilty.
Deutsche Bank downgrades Dover from Buy to Hold but maintains their $38 price target.
Deutsche Bank downgrades Dover to Hold.
Airbus is preparing to double the amount of vendor financing it offers to about €2bn next year to support commercial aircraft sales and maintain deliveries as its customers struggle to obtain funding from traditional sources.
Airbus is preparing to double the amount of vendor financing.
Portland-based LUNARR, which is developing an online service for taking notes and annotating digital documents and web pages, said Wednesday that it has launched a beta of its service.
LUNARR has launched a beta.
``You've never seen anything like this in your life,'' the longtime DFL state legislator said moments after the inauguration ceremonies concluded.
You 've never seen anything in your life.
ACTIVIST group GetUp is taking on Sydney shock jock Alan Jones, demanding the broadcaster withdraw comments disputing the science of human-induced climate change.
GetUp is taking on shock jock Alan Jones.
Web portal Yahoo Inc. broadened a three year old deal with Korean electronics giant Samsung that will put Yahoo email and other services on Samsung phones.
Yahoo Inc. broadened a deal with Samsung.
A man is behind bars after opening fire at a popular Orlando night club Saturday night.
A man is after opening fire at a popular night club.
GM Voices, the world's largest producer of professionally-recorded voice prompts for automated technologies, today announced a partnership with LumenVox, an award-winning speech automation solutions provider headquartered in San Diego.
GM Voices, prompts, today announced a partnership with LumenVox.
After decade of criticism, student grouping rises according to a review of federal education surveys.
After decade of criticism, student grouping rises.
Apeejay Institute of Design, a premier designing institution hosted the 8th 'Design Showcase' last week at the Institute premises.
Apeejay Institute of Design, hosted the Design Showcase ' week.
ITV has bought a 25% stake in start-up indie Crackit, in outgoing chief executive Dawn Airey's final deal before her shock departure earlier this week.
ITV has bought a 25% stake in Crackit.
More than 17,000 people are dying every year because the NHS has become a ``vast bureaucratic monolith'', a report says today.
More than 17,000 people are dying every year because the NHS has become a vast bureaucratic monolith.
Aircraft carriers are sometimes named after people, witness the USS Ronald Reagan, USS Carl Vinson, USS Nimitz, etc. Battleships are named after states.
Aircraft carriers are named after people.
SLIDESLOW residents are being invited to the next drop in surgery with their local councillors.
SLIDESLOW residents are being invited to the next drop in surgery.
The Harding women's basketball team fell to Missouri State 88-56 on Sunday in their first exhibition game of the season.
The Harding women's basketball team fell in their first exhibition game.
Gulf carrier Etihad Airways, seeking to widen operations in India and other Asian markets, is in the final stages of talks to buy part of either Jet Airways or grounded rival Kingfisher Airlines, an Indian government official said on Monday.
Gulf carrier Etihad Airways is in the final stages of talks to buy part of Jet Airways or grounded rival Kingfisher Airlines.
SANTA CLARA, Calif. The San Francisco 49ers waived veteran linebacker Brandon Moore on Sunday, opening a roster spot that could go to two-time Pro Bowl linebacker Takeo Spikes.
SANTA CLARA, The San Francisco 49ers waived veteran linebacker Brandon Moore.
MSNBC announced Friday that it suspended ``Morning Joe'' co-star Joe Scarborough as a result of undisclosed campaign contributions during the midterm elections.
MSNBC suspended Joe Scarborough as a result of campaign contributions.
A 20-year-old Butte man is charged with intentionally injuring another man by hitting him with an SUV during an argument.
A Butte man is charged with injuring by hitting with an SUV.
By WBUR News \u0026 Wire Services To kick off the legislative session, Boston Mayor Thomas Menino introduced more than a dozen bills at the State House on Tuesday.
Thomas Menino introduced more than a dozen bills.
Indian shares ended flat Friday as traders continued to avoid fresh positions ahead of the federal budget presentation next week.
Indian shares ended flat Friday.
The Houston Cougars soccer team beat UTSA 3-1 to improve to 5-2-1 Sunday afternoon in San Antonio.
The soccer team beat UTSA 3 1.
Northrop Grumman Corp. said Monday that it will move 850 jobs off Long Island by next year, leaving just 550 workers out of a workforce that exceeded 25,000 in the 1980s.
Northrop Grumman Corp. will move 850 jobs off Long Island.
At a time when NCP chief Sharad Pawar has come under attack over rise in prices of sugar and other essential commodities, the party magazine 'Rashtravadi' has said that ``no one dies due to not eating sugar'' and it is not necessary that everyone consumes it.
No one dies due to not eating sugar.
Jaguar and Land Rover are planning to share platforms.
Jaguar are planning to share platforms.
The body of a missing minor boy of Savalyapuram village in Guntur was found in a gunny bag under mysterious circumstances in the Guntur-Kacheguda passenger train near Mahbubnagar on Saturday.
The body of a missing boy was found in a gunny bag.
ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas investment arm of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp, has resumed crude oil production from its oilfields in Sudan, which was halted 15 months ago due to split of the African nation.
ONGC Videsh Ltd has resumed crude oil production from its oilfields in Sudan.
Mumbai, Jan 2 The US dollar declined against the rupee at 54.35/36 per dollar and the Pound Sterling also finished lower at Rs 88.65/67, at the close of the Interbank Foreign Exchange Market today.
Mumbai, The US dollar declined against the rupee.
A charter bus carrying 39 people overturned Friday night near Fraser, inflicting minor injuries on some of the passengers.
A bus overturned near Fraser.
English singer songwriter George Michael has issued an apology to fans for 'screwing up again' after he was arrested for drug possession.
George Michael has issued an apology to fans for screwing up again.
A former Burley High School teacher has been sentenced to up to 12 years in prison for having a sexual relationship with an underage student.
A former teacher has been sentenced for having a sexual relationship with an student.
Gov. Ted Strickland released his income tax returns on Wednesday, and called on his Republican opponent in this fall's election to do the same.
Ted Strickland released his tax returns.
The national senior males football team on Monday worked in two separate groups in Malabo, in preparation for the second-round game of the African Nations Cup, set for Thursday, in the capital city of Equatorial Guinea.
The national football team worked in two separate groups.
Oil prices rose to near mid-$110 a barrel Friday after slipping from a record hit in the middle of the week as a stronger US dollar prompted investors to book profits.
Oil prices rose to near mid- $ 110 a barrel.
A registered sex offender has been charged with kidnapping and aggravated sexual assault after allegedly providing alcohol and marijuana to two teenage girls and then molesting one of them.
A sex offender has been charged with kidnapping and sexual assault.
Burmese officials say democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi will be released in November, just days after the country's first election in two decades.
Burmese officials say democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi will be released in November.
With all of the negative press about the increase in University fees and the rise in unemployed graduates it is welcome news that a Derbyshire based podcasting website is branching out into job search services for students.
A Derbyshire based podcasting website is branching out into job search services for students.
Britney Spears is set to be honoured with a second Glee tribute show, according to reports.
Britney Spears is set to be honoured with a second Glee show.
Western Asset High Income Opportunity Fund Inc. announced today the results of the votes cast at the Fund's annual meeting of shareholders held on January 27, 2012.
Western Asset High Income Opportunity Fund Inc. announced the results of the votes cast at the Fund's annual meeting of shareholders.
French video-active apps developer V4x has joined Facebook's Preferred Marketing Developer programme.
V4x has joined Facebook's Preferred Marketing Developer programme.
PNB Housing Finance Ltd plans to sell 25 - 26% stake to an investor as part of its pre-IPO placement and expects to finalise transaction details by December, a top official said on Tuesday.
PNB Housing Finance Ltd plans to sell 25 - 26% stake.
She's opening a new branch of her Hard Candy Fitness gyms in Rome this year.
She's opening a new branch of her Hard Candy Fitness gyms in Rome.
The largest US banks face a multi-state investigation into whether they helped debt collectors pursue faulty judgments against credit card customers, according to people familiar with the matter.
The banks face a multi-state investigation.
A 27-year-old Norton man was injured Wednesday when his car skidded into the ditch and overturned just west of Logan.
A Norton man was injured his car skidded and overturned.
The CTA says it will participate in Saturday's Earth Hour, when lights will go dark from 8:30 to 9:30 pm to promote climate change.
The CTA will participate in Saturday's Earth Hour.
Petroleo Brasileiro SA, Mitsui \u0026 Co. and Camargo Correa SA got a preliminary environmental license to build a $1.1 billion ethanol pipeline in Brazil.
Petroleo Brasileiro SA, Mitsui \u0026 Co. got a license to build a $ 1.1 billion ethanol pipeline.
A former Lake Geneva librarian, who stole more than $97,000 from the city, was sentenced Wednesday afternoon to 60 days in jail with work release privileges and was ordered to pay back the stolen funds.
A former librarian was sentenced.
US Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke warned yesterday that mortgage delinquencies and foreclosures are likely to rise, with more declines in house prices, and called for active measures to stabilize housing markets.
Delinquencies are likely to rise.
This truck smashed into a northside bus shelter Saturday morning, sending three waiting bus riders to hospital.
This truck smashed into a shelter.
Gov. Mike Easley wants to raise cigarette and alcohol taxes in order to fund teacher pay raises and services for the mentally ill.
Mike Easley wants to raise cigarette and alcohol taxes.
A violent rapist who preyed on disabled women launched a string of ``gratuitous'' sexual attacks on pensioners in their own homes in south London, a court has heard.
A rapist preyed on disabled women.
Nine culpable negligence cases have been opened over wildfires in Russia, Chairman of the Prosecutor General's Office Investigation Committee Alexander Bastrykin told Itar-Tass on Tuesday.
Nine culpable negligence cases have been opened over wildfires in Russia.
German chancellor Angela Merkel for the first time sent a strong message to Pakistan saying that Islamabad cannot use terror as a means to any end.
Islamabad can not use terror.
With Tropical Cyclone Quinta having weakened into a low-pressure area, only light to moderate rains are expected over Metro Manila and other parts of the country in the next 24 hours, state weather forecasters said Thursday afternoon.
Only light to moderate rains are expected in the next 24 hours.
Chennai , June 30 Opposition AIADMK members were today evicted en masse from the Tamil Nadu Assembly as they disrupted the proceedings by raising slogans to demand passage of a resolution on the Sri Lankan Tamils issue.
Chennai, 30 AIADMK members were evicted from the Tamil Nadu Assembly.
Retail commercial brokerage firm L3 Corp. has formed an investment division to specialize in triple net investments, shopping center sales and investment property acquisitions.
Retail commercial brokerage firm L3 Corp. has formed an investment division.
Atlanta Braves pitcher John Smoltz is scheduled to start tonight's Rome Braves home game against the Asheville Tourists.
John Smoltz is scheduled to start tonight's Rome Braves game.
President Pratibha Patil today left on a 10-day visit to Vietnam and Indonesia to expand India's bilateral relations.
Pratibha Patil today left on a visit to Vietnam and Indonesia.
The United Arab Emirates player who became an Internet sensation earlier this year when he scored a backheeled penalty has been killed in a car accident.
The United Arab Emirates player he scored a backheeled penalty has been killed in a car accident.
Yankees slugger Alex Rodriguez will skip the All-Star Home Run Derby at Yankee Stadium next month, choosing to protect his finely tuned swing.
Alex Rodriguez will skip the Home Run Derby at Yankee Stadium.
As a ceasefire in Gaza is called and the humanitarian crisis in Zimbabwe deepens, a UQ academic is seeking an end to genocide and mass atrocities.
A UQ academic is seeking an end to genocide and mass atrocities.
Sri Lanka has overcome a shaky start in the tri-series one-day international against Australia at the MCG.
Sri Lanka has overcome a shaky start.
``I appointed judges through an extensive process, including a thorough vetting first by the judicial nominating commission and then by my legal staff of the candidates that were nominated to me. I personally interviewed every candidate and appointed based on merit. I appointed 113 judges, including several Republicans, and the general consensus in the legal community is that we selected excellent judges who had to prove themselves to voters in elections. Campaign contributions never influenced my appointments, and any suggestion to the contrary is outrageous and defamatory.''
I appointed. I interviewed. Campaign contributions never influenced my appointments.
Argon ST Inc., which makes electronic systems for the US Navy and other government customers, said Thursday it has received a $49.7 million contract for support of Navy sensor systems.
Argon ST Inc. has received a $ 49.7 million contract for support of Navy sensor systems.
Well, we're probably going to find out soon, as Bob Dutton of the Kansas City Star is reporting that the Royals intend to release Davies in order to call up catcher Salvador Perez.
The Royals intend to release Davies.
Shoppach hit his second career grand slam and a solo homer Saturday, leading the Rays to a 7-3 victory over the Baltimore Orioles .
Shoppach hit his grand slam and a solo homer.
Construction on a 2.4-acre park to serve residents living on the south end of Clarendon Hills could begin as early as spring.
Construction on a park could begin early as spring.
Three former presidents of what is now Indian River State College will be honored Wednesday afternoon at an event following an annual awards ceremony that recognizes student achievement.
Three presidents of what is Indian River State College will be honored Wednesday afternoon.
NATO will not intervene in the Libyan crisis, but will continue to monitor the situation closely, its top decision-making body said after an emergency meeting Friday.
NATO will not intervene in the Libyan crisis.
Jean Charest speaks to reporters on the day he inaugurated the Highway 25 bridge linking Montreal to Laval.
Jean Charest inaugurated the Highway 25 bridge.
Lorrie Morgan filed for bankruptcy last week in federal court.
Lorrie Morgan filed for bankruptcy.
Sweden's Robert Karlsson gave Europe a Ryder Cup boost ahead of their clash with the USA with a first round 67 at the Mercedes-Benz Championship here on Thursday.
Sweden's Robert Karlsson gave Europe a Ryder Cup boost.
ABRA Auto Body \u0026 Glass recognized two shops this week with its President's Club awards.
ABRA Auto Body \u0026 Glass recognized two shops with its President's Club awards.
First Republic Bank, a leading provider of private banking, private business banking and wealth management services, today announced that Steven Solomon, an investment professional with more than 12 years of experience, has been appointed Managing Director of First Republic Investment Management.
Steven Solomon has been appointed Managing Director.
The ''War on Terror'' is likely to last as long as the Cold War, a senior Government security official has warned.
The War on Terror is likely to last long as the Cold War.
A Kansas City, Kan., man has been sentenced to 30 years in federal prison for drug trafficking, US Attorney Lanny Welch announced Friday.
A man has been sentenced for trafficking.
General Motors is attempting to trademark the phrase ``range anxiety'', a term that apparently describes how electric car owners feel when the battery charge drops to near empty levels.
General Motors is attempting to trademark the phrase range anxiety.
Indian External Affairs Minister Pranab Mukherjee said on Monday Islam preaches love and communal harmony and rejects terrorism.
Pranab Mukherjee said on Islam preaches love and communal harmony.
Glasgow Airport has reported its busiest November for four years, boosted by strong growth in both domestic and international traffic.
Glasgow Airport has reported its busiest November for four years.
Sports Writer TEMPE, Ariz. Arizona wide receiver Anquan Boldin says he's ``moved on'' after Sunday's critical comments directed at coach Ken Whisenhunt and his staff.
TEMPE, Anquan Boldin says he's moved after Sunday's comments.
The United States is sending, in an unannounced way, 13,000 additional troops to Afghanistan, officials said.
The United States is sending 13,000 additional troops to Afghanistan.
Researchers are testing a new type of insulin that could mean fewer shots for people with type 2 diabetes.
Researchers are testing a new type of insulin.
Where has Kristen Stewart been sleeping and hiding out from the paparazzi?
Where has Kristen Stewart been sleeping.
ESQ by Movado launches a new television ad campaign aired in four separate spots beginning Monday, May 3, 2010.
ESQ by Movado launches a new television ad campaign.
The Boston Red Sox will try out reliever Daniel Bard as a starter in spring training, the Boston Globe reports.
The Boston Red Sox will try out Daniel Bard as a starter in spring training.
Prince George County is celebrating the 310th anniversary of its founding.
Prince George County is celebrating the 310th anniversary.
The investigation continues into an apparent murder suicide that has claimed the lives of a St. George firefighter and his wife.
The investigation continues into an apparent murder suicide.
AC Milan striker Antonio Cassano will undergo minor heart surgery this week and will be out of action until next year, the club confirmed today, according to Sky News.
Antonio Cassano will undergo heart surgery.
Commercial property/casualty rates continue to soften, according to the Council of Insurance Agents \u0026 Brokers' quarterly ``Commercial P/C Market Index Survey'' released Friday.
Commercial property / casualty rates continue to soften.
Former 'I'm A Celebrity' star Aggro Santos has been arrested over the claims that two teenage girls were raped in a hotel room in the UK.
Aggro Santos has been arrested over the claims two girls were raped in a hotel room.
Citi comments on Solar stocks and the impact of lower Natural Gas prices...which is being overlooked on a short-term basis.
Citi comments on Solar stocks and the impact of lower Natural Gas prices.
``American Idol'' will expand the weekly results shows to one hour beginning Wednesday, March 12 on Fox.
American Idol will expand the results shows to one hour.
Former US Sen. Mike DeWine said he isn't going to run for Ohio Attorney General this fall.
Mike DeWine isn't going to run for Ohio Attorney General.
Turkey says it has launched a project to conserve an ancient Armenian cathedral and a church in what is seen as a gesture of reconciliation toward neighbouring Armenia.
Turkey has launched to conserve an Armenian cathedral and a church.
Last week, we had reported that Super Smash Bros. Brawl had sold more than half a million copies in Japan.
Super Smash Bros. Brawl had sold more than half a million copies in Japan.
conservation district supervisors will be elected across the state, according to West Virginia Conservation Agency officials.
Conservation district supervisors will be elected.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson flew in for 24 hours to attend his niece's wedding at the Radisson SAS Golden Sands Resort on Friday night, The Sunday Times has learnt.
Alex Ferguson flew to attend his niece's wedding.
Sri Lankan cricketers playing in the Indian Premier League have agreed to return home early to prepare for the tour of England after Sri Lanka Cricket turned down the Board of Control for Cricket in India's request to allow them to stay on till May 15.
Sri Lankan cricketers have agreed to return home early.
Aerosmith lead singer Steven Tyler said on Thursday he was sober when he fell in the shower in his Paraguay hotel room earlier this week.
Steven Tyler said he was sober when he fell.
Suraj Jagan, the voice behind myriad of bollywood chartbusters has rendered the first ever gujarati rock song titled 'Pankhida' for a contemporary film.
Suraj Jagan, has rendered the first ever gujarati rock song.
Neil Robertson said he hoped his world championship win Tuesday would inspire his native Australia to go crazy about the sport.
Neil Robertson hoped would inspire his Australia.
SANTA BARBARA, Calif. Investigators say the Santa Barbara County wildfire that has scorched 13 square miles and destroyed dozens of homes was apparently sparked by a power tool used to clear vegetation.
The Santa Barbara County wildfire was sparked by a power tool.
State Sen. Dave Koehler will drop his bid for Congress and instead seek to remain in the Senate, the lawmaker announced Friday afternoon.
Dave Koehler will drop his bid for Congress seek to remain in the Senate.
HIV drug AZT, also known as Zidovudine, part of the first class of drugs developed to treat HIV, may be linked to premature aging, British researchers have found.
HIV drug AZT, may be linked to premature aging.
The companies have been working jointly to integrate carbon nanotube materials as the transparent conductive layer in display devices.
The companies have been working jointly to integrate carbon nanotube materials as the layer in display devices.
Randy Quaid and his wife Evi were arrested today in Marfa, Texas.
Randy Quaid and his wife Evi were arrested in Marfa, Texas.
New Delhi, April 3 An NCC mountaineering expedition to Mount Everest was flagged off by Minister of State for Defence Jitendra Singh here Wednesday.
NCC expedition to Mount Everest was flagged off.
Ethiopian runner Berhanu Girma has won Grandma's Marathon in Minnesota, and Kenyan runner Everlyne Lagat has won the women's division.
Ethiopian runner Berhanu Girma has won Grandma's Marathon in Minnesota.
A Toronto cafe owner has been charged with sexually assaulting two of his female employees and police believe there may be more victims.
A Toronto cafe owner has been charged with sexually assaulting two of his employees.
Feyenoord says coach Mario Been has quit after most of the team's players said they had lost faith in his leadership, plunging the cash-strapped club into turmoil shortly before the start of the new season.
Feyenoord says Mario Been has quit.
A serious water crisis is looming in Bulawayo following a proposal by the city fathers to decommission another water supply dam to the city.
A water crisis is looming.
China and India today urged stability in major reserve currencies and in nations' macro- economic policies to help cement the global recovery.
China and India today urged stability in reserve currencies.
Russia may help build a nuclear power plant in Syria, Russian Energy Minister Sergei Shmatko said on Tuesday as the Kremlin moved to strengthen ties with a Soviet-era ally in the Middle East.
Russia may help build a nuclear power plant in Syria.
Eastridge football is a perfect 6-0 and going for a perfect regular season Friday night against Irondequoit.
Eastridge football is a 6 and going for a perfect season night.
Australian manufacturing activity contracted further in August, with the sector continuing to suffer from strong overseas competition and the high Australian dollar, an industry group says.
Manufacturing activity contracted further.
In his most revealing comments yet on his health crisis nearly four years ago, Cuban leader Fidel Castro has said that he 'came to be dead,' but then resurrected.
Fidel Castro came to be dead, but then resurrected.
The first series of collaborative biomaterial development and biomaterial validation projects have now been defined for the Angioscaff project.
The first series of biomaterial development and validation projects have been defined for the Angioscaff project.
Blake Shelton, speaking backstage at the CMA Music Festival, has confirmed that he has been in the studio at work on a new Christmas album.
Blake Shelton has been in the studio at work on a Christmas album.
A Muslim chef who accused the Metropolitan Police of religious discrimination when told he must handle pork has lost his tribunal case.
A Muslim chef has lost his tribunal case.
Former ``The Bachelorette'' star Meredith Phillips opened up to People Magazine about her battle with alcoholism.
Former The Bachelorette star Meredith Phillips opened up about her battle with alcoholism.
E-Myth Worldwide™, a global provider of web-based educational solutions for small business owners, announces the continuation of its International Leadership Series with business-development events for German, Colombian, Australian and Nigerian entrepreneurs.
E-Myth Worldwide ™ announces with events for German, Colombian, Australian and Nigerian entrepreneurs.
Drake has admitted that he has had a crush on Nicki Minaj since the two met last year.
Drake has had a crush on Nicki Minaj.
Two media firms have signed up for newly refurbished office space in Camden, NW1 at Lazari Investments' Bedford House.
Two media firms have signed up for office space in Camden.
Former treasurer Peter Costello says the global financial ``tsunami'' he warned about in the lead-up to last year's federal election is now rolling out.
The financial tsunami is rolling out.
Sonia Sotomayor was sworn in on Saturday as US Supreme Court justice, the first Hispanic justice on the country's highest court.
Sonia Sotomayor was sworn in as US Supreme Court justice, the first Hispanic justice.
A Miami-Dade Police officer is in stable condition after being shot multiple times, authorities said Sunday.
A officer is in stable condition after being shot.
This September, Virgin Bingo has a little treat for it's players in the bingo promotion Everyone's a Winner Wednesday.
Virgin Bingo has in the bingo promotion Everyone's a Winner Wednesday.
Sens. Thomas Morahan, R-New City, Rockland County, and George Maziarz, R-Newfane, Niagara County, accepted committee chairmanships after weeks of discussions with Democratic leaders in the Senate.
Thomas Morahan, and George Maziarz, accepted committee chairmanships.
A PAEDOPHILE who admitted possessing 97 indecent photographs of children was spared jail by a judge.
A PAEDOPHILE was spared jail.
Rajsthan Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot has said that budget proposals for 2012-13 as presented by Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee on Friday, would strengthen the national economy and set the dimensions of development in various sectors.
Budget proposals for 2012 13, would strengthen and set the dimensions of development in various sectors.
It has been recently announced by SoftBank Mobile, Japanese operator, that femtocells will be used in open access mode.
Femtocells will be used in open access mode.
Nineteen Southern Illinois counties were declared state disaster areas Thursday morning after widespread flooding covered roads, closed businesses and drove people from their homes.
Nineteen counties were declared disaster areas after flooding roads.
Nine high school science teachers and a principal from the Milano area, Italy recently visited Medford High School, accompanied by Dr. Carlo Cipollone, education officer of the Italian consulate in Boston.
Nine science teachers, Italy visited Medford High School.
A 22-year-old Bonifay man died Thursday morning from injuries in a single-vehicle wreck.
A Bonifay man died from injuries.
A Stanislaus County supervisor denies that he had an inappropriate relationship with a woman accused of using his personal information to obtain credit cards and ringing up thousands of dollars in charges.
A Stanislaus County supervisor denies he had an inappropriate relationship.
A new Michael Jackson album has been released, kicking off a week of celebrations of the late singer's life.
A new Michael Jackson album has been released.
TNS, a market information and insight company, is launching its 6thdimension Interactive Research services in Latin America.
TNS is launching its 6thdimension services in Latin America.
Patrick Swayze is sharing his great news with fans, that he is in fact responding well to his cancer treatment.
Patrick Swayze is in fact responding well.
A JAGUAR driver was forced off the road when he was confronted by a car travelling on the wrong side of the road on the A44, near the Brockhampton Estate, Bromyard.
A JAGUAR driver was forced off the road.
PTI, June 22, 2010 Industrialist Anil Ambani on June 22 called on Oil Minister Murli Deora and is believed to have discussed allocation of natural gas to his group's upcoming power plants.
PTI Anil Ambani called on Murli Deora.
Prime Minister Syed Yousuf Raza Gilani said on Friday that nobody but the Parliament could remove him from his office, adding that only the Speaker of the House could disqualify him as the Prime Minister.
Nobody but the Parliament could remove.
US food prices are expected to rise this year as much as 4 percent according to the US Department of Agriculture.
Food prices are expected to rise as much as 4 percent.
SPAIN HAS rowed back on plans to sue German health authorities for their incorrect claim that Spanish vegetables were the source of the E.coli epidemic.
SPAIN HAS rowed back on plans to sue German authorities.
In a major ceasefire violation after a gap of few months, Pakistani troops fired throughout the night at Indian posts in Uri sector of J \u0026 K, leaving a soldier injured.
Pakistani troops fired at Indian posts in Uri sector.
Nokia Music today announced Reprise Records' multi-platinum, Grammy® Award-winning band Green Day will perform an exclusive concert at Irving Plaza in New York City on Saturday, September 15th to celebrate the launch of Nokia Music.
Green Day will perform an exclusive concert at Irving Plaza in New York City on Saturday, September 15th to celebrate the launch.
Kris Humphries Lindsey Vonn dating hopes were dashed by Tiger Woods, claims a news report today.
Kris Humphries Lindsey Vonn dating hopes were dashed by Tiger Woods.
ATLANTA A legislative committee held a hearing on a bill that would bar illegal immigrants from attending state colleges or universities, but the chairman delayed a vote.
A bill would bar illegal immigrants from attending colleges.
Guitar legend ERIC CLAPTON is set to release his new album 'Clapton' on 28th September 2010, his first since 2006's 'The Road to Escondido', a collaboration with JOHN CALE.
ERIC CLAPTON is set to release his new album Clapton.
France faces the spectre of a downgrade of its AAA credit rating by not one but two notches after a heated EU summit considered a last chance to save the debt-struck eurozone.
France faces the spectre of a downgrade.
UNITED Airlines said it will start requiring minimum stays for nearly all domestic coach seats beginning in October.
UNITED Airlines will start requiring minimum stays for nearly all domestic coach seats.
FOX Sports Southwest will offer live webcasts of this week's FOX Sports Southwest 7-on-7 state tournament Division I quarterfinal, semifinal, consolation and championship games from Texas A\u0026M on Saturday.
FOX Sports Southwest will offer live webcasts.
Sir Fred Goodwin, the former Royal Bank of Scotland chief executive, could face legal action over his £700,000 pension within ``weeks'', a senior Government official said today.
Fred Goodwin, chief executive, could face legal action over his pension within weeks.
Tune Talk, the nation's fastest growing mobile prepaid service announced yesterday that it is launching the 'No Big Deal Lah' concert series, presenting music fans with back to back concerts by renowned international acts.
Tune Talk is launching the Big Deal Lah ' concert series.
Poker News Daily has learned that the upcoming PokerStars Caribbean Adventure final table in January will air live on the ESPN family of networks.
The PokerStars Caribbean Adventure final table will air live on the ESPN family.
Anorthosis Famagusta have been thrown out of this season's Europa League after crowd trouble forced the abandonment of their home game against Dila Gori at the Antonis Papadopoulos Stadium in Larnaca.
Anorthosis Famagusta have been thrown out of this season's Europa League after crowd trouble.
A 6-year-old Colorado boy feared to have floated off in a helium balloon was found safe at his home Thursday, hiding in a cardboard box in the garage attic.
A boy feared to have floated off in a balloon was found, hiding in the attic.
Bode Miller is ending his splendid isolation and rejoining the US Ski Team, just five months before the Vancouver Olympics.
Bode Miller is ending and rejoining the US Ski Team.
The woman, who was not identified, suffered major injuries in the 2:20 pm accident and was taken to Mercy Medical Center in Redding.
The woman suffered major injuries in the accident.
Twitter gets a face lift the new site layout provides information over two panes making the old one pane version history.
Twitter gets a face lift.
Nassau, Bahamas - Bahamian actress Jeanene Fox plans to be home for the holidays and will be participating in the Boxing Day Junkanoo parade.
Nassau, Jeanene Fox plans to be home for the holidays.
Aberdeen Indonesia Fund, Inc., a closed-end equity fund, announced today its performance data and portfolio composition as of August 31, 2011.
Aberdeen Indonesia Fund, Inc., announced its performance data and portfolio composition.
XOJet Inc. plans to expand service in New York and Los Angeles, the private jet operator said Thursday.
XOJet Inc. plans to expand in New York and Los Angeles.
Foyles has reported a third year of profitable trading, despite ``deep concern'' about the impact of the development works near its flagship Charing Cross Road branch.
Foyles has reported a third year of profitable trading.
Somali pirates hijacked a Jordanian ship carrying humanitarian aid to Mogadishu on Saturday in the latest attack of a series off the lawless Somali coast, the head of a seafarers group said.
Pirates hijacked a ship carrying humanitarian aid.
Work on the elevated Delhi monorail project will start in March and it will be commissioned in 2017, Transport Minister Ramakant Goswami said here yesterday.
Work on the Delhi monorail project will start in March.
THE Worcestershire Hub council telephone service has been branded 'diabolical' as staff fail to answer thousands more calls.
THE council telephone service has been branded diabolical.
MELBOURNE players have lit the fuse for an explosive opening to Sunday's World Club Challenge by saying they expect the same fireworks that Leeds dished up to Manly in last year's violent encounter.
MELBOURNE players have lit the fuse.
Tom Hanks will play Maersk Alabama hijacking survivor Captain Richard Phillips for an upcoming Sony film, according to Deadline.com.
Tom Hanks will play Richard Phillips for an Sony film.
The world's largest service dog helps raise spirits and money for kid fighting cancer.
The world's largest service dog helps raise for kid.
A former Nueces County jailer was indicted Thursday on drug and bribery charges related to allegations she smuggled drugs into the jail.
A former Nueces County jailer was indicted on drug and bribery charges.
Indian corn futures are seen higher on Thursday on domestic demand, analysts said.
Indian corn futures are seen on domestic demand.
Stirrings®, the leading innovative cocktailing brand, is launching their first ever digital advertising campaign, which plans to generate over 11 million national impressions between August and December 2008.
Stirrings ® is launching their first digital advertising campaign.
Pediatrics of Massillon has relocated its offices to 2520 Wales Ave. NW following a fire at its previous location on Traphagen Street NW.
Pediatrics of Massillon has relocated following a fire.
Wheat bag 'probably caused fatal fire' Updated: 19:19, Monday April 29, 2013 A heated wheat bag was the likely cause of a Sydney house fire that ended up killing an 80-year-old woman from smoke inhalation, an inquest has been told.
Wheat bag probably caused fatal fire Updated.
The US Coast Guard rescued a man from a sinking boat Tuesday afternoon in the Detroit River near Grosse Ile.
The US Coast Guard rescued from a sinking boat.
Bajaj Auto is planning to set up an assembly plant in a free trade zone in Manaus in Brazil next financial year.
Bajaj Auto is planning to set up an assembly plant in Brazil.
Now reports are saying that Fantasia was rushed to a North Carolina hospital in an apparent overdose.
Fantasia was rushed to a hospital in an overdose.
Hunter Research and Technology is pleased to announce that its new iPhone app Theodolite has ranked as the top selling navigation app in the US and UK iTunes stores after just three weeks on the market.
Its app Theodolite has ranked as the top selling navigation app in the US and UK iTunes stores.
British prime minister Gordon Brown sought to fend off a challenge to his authority on Friday, reshuffling his cabinet to secure the loyalty of several ministers and averting a government collapse.
Gordon Brown sought to fend off a challenge.
During the week of July 13, drilling work will close the multi-use trail along Alaskan Way South between South Royal Brougham Way and South Dearborn Street for the Alaskan Way Viaduct and Seawall Replacement Program.
Drilling work will close the multi-use trail.
KIRSTEN DUNST has taken out a restraining order against a stalker caught trespassing in her home.
KIRSTEN DUNST has taken out a restraining order.
A young man was found dead at Katchi Abadi Walton, Factory Area here on Wednesday.
A young man was found dead.
A fire destroyed a west side church early Sunday morning.
A fire destroyed a west side church.
Echo And The Bunnymen have added a Manchester date to their forthcoming 'Crocodiles' and 'Heaven Up Here' tour this December.
Echo And The Bunnymen have added a Manchester date to their Crocodiles and Heaven Up Here tour this December.
Just weeks after it converted its Liberty Interactive unit into an asset backed security, Liberty Media said Thursday that it will combine its Liberty Starz and Liberty Capital units, effectively eliminating its tracking stock structure.
Liberty Media will combine its Liberty Starz units.
South Korean rapper PSY's ``Gangnam Style'' video has more than 200 million YouTube views and counting, and it's easy to see why.
Rapper PSY's Gangnam Style video has more than 200 million YouTube views.
Intermodal traffic volume rose 1.4% in the third quarter, the seventh straight quarter of year-over-year gains, the Intermodal Association of North America said.
Intermodal volume rose 1.4% in the third quarter.
93X has learned that Jane's Addiction have been forced to cancel their upcoming Australian tour due to the hospitalization of drummer Stephen Perkins.
Jane's Addiction have been forced to cancel their tour.
Two German spies in Baghdad actively supported the 2003 US invasion of Iraq despite Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier's denials, opposition parties have said.
Two German spies actively supported the invasion of Iraq.
Automation Anywhere, a leader in desktop and enterprise automation software, asked leading IT professionals around the world the question, ``What would you do with 30 minutes extra?''
Automation Anywhere asked, What would you do with 30 minutes extra.
A small crane fell onto part of the roof at Canterbury Woods Elementary School in Annandale on Tuesday morning.
A small crane fell at Canterbury Woods Elementary School.
Target stores have issued a recall of children's frog masks because they lack proper ventilation, according to the US Consumer Product Safety Commission.
Target stores have issued a recall of children's masks.
Heather Locklear is in stable condition in the wake of her health scare on Thursday, her parents said.
Heather Locklear is in stable condition, her parents said.
Any of the Central Asian countries with the exception of Turkmenistan could potentially provide some sort of facilities to US/NATO forces after 2014, US expert on Central Asia Bruce Pannier believes.
Any of the Central Asian countries with the exception of Turkmenistan could provide some sort of facilities to NATO forces after 2014.
One-quarter of travel managers have made emergency spending cutbacks because of the financial crisis, according to a new survey released on Monday.
One-quarter of travel managers have made emergency spending cutbacks.
A GYMNASTICS coach put a girl's hand inside his shorts and warned her not to tell anyone, a court heard.
A GYMNASTICS coach put a girl's hand inside his shorts, a court heard.
borro, UK personal asset lender, has seen a 661% rise in property related loan applications from customers, with one in seven enquiries to the business now related to a property issue.
Borro has seen a 661% rise in property related loan applications.
A 25-year-old man who slipped and fell into the Willamette River early Sunday morning was found clinging to the seawall in downtown Portland.
A man who slipped and fell into the Willamette River was found clinging to the seawall.
Everett Golson threw a touchdown pass and ran for a score in the first half to help No. 20 Notre Dame beat No. 10 Michigan State 20-3 Saturday night.
No. 20 Notre Dame beat No. 10 Michigan State 20 3.
The doctor informed Michelle that she had suffered a miscarriage in her second trimester.
Michelle had suffered a miscarriage.
AN 87-year-old man was found dead in the backyard of a Gladstone Park home yesterday, three days after going missing from a nearby nursing home.
AN man was found dead in the backyard.
Former Portugal and Benfica great Eusebio was taken to hospital on Saturday in the Polish city of Poznan where he has been watching matches at Euro 2012, the Portuguese Football Federation said in a statement.
Eusebio was taken to hospital in the city of Poznan.
Perth siege ends with gunman's death Updated: 00:23, Friday January 4, 2013 A siege in Perth's southern suburbs has ended with the death of the gunman.
Perth siege ends with gunman's death.
In his Sunday OpEd piece, ``Obama needs support of Jewish voters,'' Lynn University professor Robert Watson suggests that Barak Obama would be a champion for Israel.
Barak Obama would be a champion for Israel.
Enlarge image US Automakers Seen Losing Market Share Amid 2012 Growth
US Automakers Seen Losing Market Share.
Sun-Times Media Group Inc., which publishes newspapers in the Chicago area, filed voluntary petitions under Chapter 11 of the US Bankruptcy Code in the US Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware.
Group, which publishes, filed voluntary petitions under Chapter 11.
A Highland pensioner was given a ``terrible fright'' when police swooped on her home, mistaking her tomato plants for cannabis.
Police swooped, mistaking her tomato plants.
IBM today announced they have entered into a definitive agreement for IBM to acquire Unica in a cash transaction at a price of $21 per share, or at a net price of approximately $480 million, after adjusting for cash.
IBM have entered into a agreement to acquire Unica.
He's a bit like the boy who cried wolf, in the sense that he is constantly shooting his mouth off without regard for the severity or the sensitivity of a given issue.
He's like the boy who cried wolf.
A special counsel will investigate whether Attorney General John Swallow broke campaign finance laws by failing to disclose his interest in a consulting business caught up in recent bribery allegations, Utah elections officials announced Friday.
A special counsel will investigate John Swallow broke.
Not content with wowing in one hot look, Glee star Lea Michele did two super sharp outfits in one night as she hit the Letterman show in the US.
Lea Michele did two outfits in one night.
Nepali Congress Vice President Ram Chandra Poudel on Sunday said that challenges remain for peace and democracy as the Communist Party of Nepal-Maoist is still weaving ``strategic conspiracy''.
Challenges remain for peace and democracy.
Senate and House lawmakers have agreed on how much tax revenue the state will collect over the next two years.
Lawmakers have agreed on revenue.
Driver in fatality at Conn. casino had tickets A Massachusetts man who state police say was driving a bus that struck and killed a Mohegan Sun casino employee had earlier received driving citations.
Driver in fatality at Conn. casino had tickets.
Yet another arrest warrant has been issued for a former inmate from the Nebraska Center for Women for failing to appear in court for resentencing after she violated her probation.
Another arrest warrant has been issued for a former inmate.
Postal delivery group PostNL said on Monday it expects to deliver some 160 million Christmas cards over the holiday period.
PostNL expects to deliver some 160 million Christmas cards.
Former President Bill Clinton will speak at DePauw University in Greencastle on Friday, Nov. 18.
Bill Clinton will speak at DePauw University, Nov. 18.
Asure Software, a leading provider of workforce management software, today announced financial results for the 2009 fiscal second quarter, ended January 31, 2009.
Asure Software today announced financial results for the 2009 fiscal second quarter.
A 20-year-old Fort Collins man pleaded guilty Tuesday to felony menacing for his role in an alleged December kidnapping and attempted murder where police say one of the man's co-defendants tried to slit the throat of Michael Whiteis.
A man pleaded guilty to menacing.
The US House censured Democratic Representative Charles Rangel of New York for ethics violations, including soliciting donations for an academic center bearing his name and failing to fully pay his income taxes.
The US House censured Charles Rangel for ethics violations.
German business confidence unexpectedly increased for a fourth month in August to a fresh three-year high, suggesting the economy may not lose as much momentum as some economists forecast.
German business confidence unexpectedly increased.
Iowa nine-piece Slipknot have posted their new single ``Psychosocial'' online at thier guitarist Mick Thomson's Myspace.
Slipknot have posted their new single Psychosocial online.
SEATTLE - Retired Army Gen. John Shalikashvili, an immigrant who rose to the top job in the Pentagon where he advised President Bill Clinton over military involvement around the world, has died at age 75, the Army said in a statement.
Gen. John Shalikashvili has died.
Pace bowler Graham Onions has been called into the England squad for the fourth Test against India as cover for James Anderson and Chris Tremlett.
Graham Onions has been called into the England squad for the fourth Test.
Yes, I am still a bachcha for a senior leader like Rajnath Singh.
I am a bachcha.
BL reported that the 6 member independent committee on big hydro projects has said that the 280 MW Panang hydro electric project will completely and permanently destroy the environment of Dzongu in North Sikkim.
The 280 Panang hydro electric project will destroy.
a Russian punk band and feminist collective that mocked Russian president Vladamir Putin during a ``punk prayer'' in a Moscow cathedral--have been found guilty of hooliganism driven by religious hatred and offending religious believers a judge ruled.
A Russian punk band -- have been found guilty of hooliganism.
Melrose announced that it had agreed to sell its FKI Logistex subsidiary to Intelligrated Inc for US$40 million in cash.
Melrose had agreed to sell its FKI Logistex subsidiary for US $ 40 million in cash.
Story: 73572 Alaska polar bears are losing their fur and US Geological Survey scientists don't know why.
Story : 73572 Alaska polar bears are losing their fur.
Dubai, Nov 14 Holiday Inn and Holiday Inn Express Hotels is planning to open 38 new hotels across the Middle East and India in the next five years, a senior company official said.
Holiday Inn is planning to open 38 hotels across the Middle East and India.
Kevin Keegan has made a dramatic return to Newcastle after being appointed as the Premier League club's new manager yesterday.
Kevin Keegan has made a dramatic return to Newcastle.
After Carwyn Jones emerged victorious in the Labour leadership contest last night, David Williamson looks at the man who will lead Wales...
David Williamson looks at the man who will lead Wales.
From small TV roles, to Broadway and film, the great Mexican-American actor Edward James Olmos has graced us with his talents for over 30 years, and yesterday he celebrated his 66th birthday.
The actor has graced, and he celebrated his 66th birthday.
Permalink Stephen Amell has been cast as the Green Arrow in The CW's comic book adaptation, Arrow, according to Deadline.
Stephen Amell has been cast as the Green Arrow.
Severe thunderstorm warning for southern Kent County and northern Sussex County until 4:15 pm, National Weather Service says.
Severe thunderstorm warning for Kent County and Sussex County until 4:15 pm.
Heavy D was trying to lose weight before his death, running every day and going to several LA gyms.
Heavy D was trying to lose weight before his death.
The South Dakota attorney general is warning businesses about workplace poster scams from companies selling various federal agency postings.
The attorney general is warning businesses about workplace poster scams.
Edmonton dog dragged behind truck racks up veterinary bills, looks for new home.
Edmonton dog dragged behind truck racks up, looks for new home.
More shots have been fired in downtown Herkimer after a day-long hunt for a fatal shooting suspect.
More shots have been fired in Herkimer.
``Acting was never a career for me. I was never in the race. Maybe this lack of ambition freed me from pressure. But while directing a film, I have felt the pressure to deliver,'' Nandita told After Hrs.
Acting was never a career.
The national Super 7 lottery will be retired after a 15-year run and replaced with a new game.
The Super 7 lottery will be retired.
A major international report shows more and more Irish families are being pushed into poverty.
More Irish families are being pushed into poverty.
Sunil Kumar Roy was appointed the new Police Commissioner of Bhubaneswar and Cuttack on Thursday.
Sunil Kumar Roy was appointed the new Police Commissioner.
Maj.-Gen. Muhammadu Buhari, said on Thursday that the merger process by opposition parties was unstoppable.
The merger process was unstoppable.
The media is not to blame for sexualising teenagers, according to study which shows young people are more influenced by factors inside the home.
The media is not to blame for sexualising teenagers.
Eagles tight end Brent Celek underwent successful surgery to repair a sports hernia and a torn labrum in his left hip.
Brent Celek underwent successful surgery.
The Eurozone economic recovery is continuing into the new year, but output growth is slowing, new PMI data reveals.
The Eurozone economic recovery is continuing.
Mobile messaging company, Synchronica is to list its shares on Toronto Stock Exchange as part of the process of acquiring iseemedia Inc.
Company, Synchronica is to list on Toronto Stock Exchange.
MGM Mirage, the biggest casino owner on the Las Vegas Strip, will sell shares in its Macao venture with Pansy Ho in the third quarter, Chief Executive Officer Jim Murren said.
MGM Mirage will sell shares in its Macao venture.
Two-time Olympian Johnny Weir has said his new male puppy is very straight, loves women and is ``accurate like a Japanese man.''
Johnny Weir has said his new puppy is very straight.
Oklahoma State quarterback Zac Robinson has been selected to play in the Senior Bowl football game later this month.
Zac Robinson has been selected to play in the Senior Bowl game.
Cristal Global announces today that it is declaring Force Majeure, effective Sunday, September 26, 2010, with respect to all TiO 2 products for coatings applications manufactured at its Ashtabula facility in Ohio, USA.
Cristal Global announces it is declaring Force Majeure.
French President Nicolas Sarkozy said he expects a ``big bank'' to reveal plans to repay state aid, following BNP Paribas SA's announcement last week.
Nicolas Sarkozy said he expects a big bank to reveal plans to repay state aid.
Christina Taylor Green was laid to rest today, after a gunman violently ended her life at 9 years of age.
Christina Taylor Green was laid to rest.
In a heated courtroom hearing in Shanghai Wednesday, Apple defended its right to use the iPad trademark in China.
Apple defended its right to use the iPad trademark in China.
India would soon have its very own panel on climate change, union Environment Minister Jairam Ramesh announced Thursday and added that the country could not depend only on reports from the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
India would have its own panel on climate change.
A tropical wave moving across Hispaniola could become a tropical cyclone in the next 48 hours, according to the National Hurricane Center in Miami.
A tropical wave could become a tropical cyclone in the 48 hours.
Charlie Daniels said he suffered a mild stroke while snowmobiling in Colorado and has some stiffness and numbness in his left hand and arm.
Charlie Daniels suffered a mild stroke while snowmobiling in Colorado.
The Monteray joint venture, of which support services and construction company Carillion is the majority shareholder, has secured a new facilities management contract with BT worth in excess of £500 million.
The Monteray joint venture has secured a facilities management contract with BT worth in excess of £ 500 million.
Mortgage rates fell for the eighth time in nine weeks, a sign that investors are concerned about the weak economy.
Mortgage rates fell for the eighth time in nine weeks.
A MAN accused of killing a mother in a road crash appeared in court today.
A MAN accused of killing a mother appeared in court.
A Brighton pub is due to be demolished in the next four to eight weeks.
A Brighton pub is due to be demolished.
Munich Re, the world's biggest reinsurer, said it will continue to provide ``substantial'' capacity to insurers in the January round of renewals as prices in catastrophe-effected areas may rise.
Munich Re will continue to provide substantial capacity.
Several real estate agents appeared before the Arnold City Council Thursday to protest a proposal that would require them to pay for a permit to post directional arrows to open houses.
Real estate agents appeared to protest a proposal.
Former state chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh, seen as one of the front-runners for the post, met Sonia.
Vilasrao Deshmukh met Sonia.
Southern All Stars vocalist Keisuke Kuwata has been diagnosed with early-stage esophagus cancer, his agent, Amuse Inc., said Wednesday.
Vocalist Keisuke Kuwata has been diagnosed with cancer.
The 45-year-old son of the late shah of Iran died early this morning inside his South End home after he allegedly shot himself, according to Boston law enforcement officials and a Web posting by his brother.
The son of the late shah of Iran died inside his South End home.
The Los Angeles Dodgers placed right-hander Jeff Weaver on the 15-day disabled list Thursday and activated left-hander Hong-Chih Kuo.
The Los Angeles Dodgers placed Jeff Weaver on the disabled list and activated Hong-Chih Kuo.
Rural health clinics in Lake and Mendocino counties will receive $7.5 million to expand and renovate four health centers, Rep. Mike Thompson's office announced.
Rural health clinics will receive $ 7.5 million.
Iran is filing a lawsuit against Argo, and while director Ben Affleck was snubbed for Best Director at the Academy Awards, hopefully he can at least win this.
Iran is filing a lawsuit against Argo.
Saskatchewan Workers Compensation Board announced Wednesday that the 2012 average employer premium rate will drop by one cent to $1.60 for every $100 of payroll, effective Jan. 1, 2012.
The 2012 employer premium rate will drop.
A third-grade Okemos teacher has been named ``Teacher of the Year'' by the Michigan Department of Education.
A Okemos teacher has been named Teacher of the Year.
A woman in her 70s was rescued by neighbors after she fell through the ice of a small pond in Ottawa County.
A woman in her 70s was rescued after she fell through the ice.
John Key will be the first New Zealand Prime Minister to address the Australian Parliament, not long after Julia Gillard's historic speech at the Beehive.
John Key will be the first Prime Minister to address the Parliament.
WithIt annoucned that it is honoring female professionals in home, furnishings and related industries in a new recognition campaign that launches today at WithIt's Facebook fan page Women to Watch will acknowledge 39 outstanding professionals who have made noteworthy contributions to their industries and communities.
That launches at WithIt's Women to Watch.
The office manager of the Shenandoah County Department of Social Services was fired Tuesday and is under investigation for what may turn out to be ``substantial'' embezzlement, according to the Sheriff's Office.
The office manager was fired and is under investigation.
Chelsea have appointed Spaniard Rafael Benitez as interim manager at Stamford Bridge until the end of the season.
Chelsea have appointed Rafael Benitez as manager.
SHOPPERS will be encouraged not to avoid Ledbury town centre when Top Cross is closed for water main repairs in January.
SHOPPERS will be encouraged not to avoid Ledbury centre.
LONDON - The Bank of England has raised its inflation forecast for this year, suggesting it may be forced to hike lending rates, though risks to economic growth remain high.
The Bank of England has raised its inflation forecast.
An Iranian opposition leader and his wife, living under house arrest for almost two years, have been denied contact with their three daughters.
An Iranian opposition leader have been denied contact with their three daughters.
Vietnam on December 14 won six more gold medals, ranking second in the medal tally after six days of competition at the 25th SEA Games.
Vietnam won six more gold medals.
In his State of the State address Wednesday, Gov. David Paterson will propose sweeping ethics and campaign-finance reforms, ranging from public financing of campaigns, term limits for state elected officials and a new ethics oversight panel.
Gov. David Paterson will propose sweeping ethics and reforms.
CHTA CEO Alec Sanguinetti has said that Caribbean tourism is going through worst period in history.
Caribbean tourism is going through worst period.
Wind blew in her face, kicking up flecks of clay, and Maria Sharapova stood at the baseline, knowing she needed one more point to reach her first French Open final and return to No. 1 in the rankings.
Maria Sharapova needed to reach her French Open final and return to No. 1.
Company wide layoffs have hit Reuters.
Layoffs have hit Reuters.
The European Union called Friday for quick fresh elections in Zimbabwe, after President Robert Mugabe was returned to power in a widely condemned one-man poll last month, AFP informed.
The European Union called for quick fresh elections in Zimbabwe.
The brother of Ranger Michael Maguire, who was killed on a range in Pembrokeshire, said ``soldiers should not be killed in training, and we hope that lessons are learned army-wide to ensure that an incident like this will not happen again.''
The brother said soldiers should not be killed in training.
UNCW baseball has added a non-conference game against Davidson to its schedule for this season.
UNCW baseball has added a non-conference game against Davidson.
Thousands of Vietnamese living illegally in America now face deportation after the two countries completed an agreement yesterday, a move that sparked worry among immigrant communities.
Thousands of Vietnamese living illegally in America face deportation.
US budget woes could hurt Asia policy Updated: 19:08, Saturday January 19, 2013 US President Barack Obama wants Asia to be a growing focus of his foreign policy, but as his second terms begins, success could hinge on his ability to manage hot spots elsewhere in the world and avert a fiscal crisis at home.
US budget woes could hurt Asia policy Updated.
The new US missile defence plan ``raises more questions than answers,'' Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Friday, warning that Moscow could still have objections to the revised missile shield.
The US missile defence plan raises questions.
CONSOL Energy Inc. announced that it has closed its public offering of 44.275 million shares of common stock at $42.50 per share, including 5.775 million shares sold to the underwriters to cover overallotments.
CONSOL Energy Inc. has closed its public offering.
A Romanian plane with 51 people onboard made an emergency landing on its belly in western Romania Saturday, officials said.
A Romanian plane made an emergency landing.
Director General of Police Ashok Prasad Sunday said they have inputs that militants were desperate to strike in Srinagar.
Militants were desperate to strike in Srinagar.
Browns WR Joe Jurevicius, LB Antwan Peek and LB David McMillan all underwent post-season knee surgery, while OL Isaac Sowells had shoulder surgery to repair a torn rotator cuff.
Browns Joe Jurevicius, underwent post-season surgery.
Police are investigating the death of a Pampa man after his body was found Wednesday morning.
Police are investigating the death of a Pampa man.
Filmmaker Tyler Perry is defending his controversial decision to cast reality television star Kim Kardashian in an upcoming film about marriage.
Tyler Perry is defending his decision to cast Kim Kardashian in an film about marriage.
India's cricket legend Mansur Ali Khan Pataudi, known for his swashbuckling style on and off the cricket field, died here yesterday after battling a lung infection for about a month.
Mansur Ali Khan Pataudi died after battling a lung infection.
Sri Lankan air force fighter jets pounded northern rebel positions yesterday as ground troops attacked 35 rebel bunkers, killing at least 10 Tamil Tigers, the military said.
Sri Lankan jets pounded rebel positions.
Jesse Ryder, architect of New Zealand's stunning turnaround in the second Test, believes the bowlers have put the Kiwis on top by claiming three Indian wickets which offers them a chance to square the three-match series.
The bowlers have put on top.
Home sales rallied somewhat in the Sacramento region in August, coming on the heels of a dismal July.
Home sales rallied somewhat in the Sacramento region in August.
Pakistan began moving thousands of troops to the Indian border Friday, intelligence officials said, sharply raising tensions triggered by the Mumbai terror attacks.
Pakistan began moving thousands of troops to the Indian border.
The Honolulu Academy of Arts on Beretania Street will be renamed the Honolulu Museum of Art in March 2012.
The Honolulu Academy of Arts will be renamed the Honolulu Museum of Art.
Firefighters resuscitated a pet lizard after the heat lamp on the reptile's tank fell and started a fire Wednesday afternoon.
Firefighters resuscitated a pet lizard.
Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi is seeking refuge in Arab countries and has sent a message to governments of Egypt, Morocco, Tunisia, and Algeria to receive his family, a Libyan dissident said in remarks published on Friday.
Muammar Gaddafi is seeking refuge in Arab countries.
There good news just doubled for a pregnant Celine Dion and her husband Rene Angelil, who has revealed they are expecting twin boys!
A Celine Dion has revealed they are expecting twin boys.
Teachers are now receiving record payouts in work accident claims and employment disputes, new figures have revealed.
Teachers are receiving record payouts in work accident claims.
Nature has a rhythm that puts everything in its place and when it's time for something to die, it dies.
Nature has a rhythm that puts everything in its place.
A Penryn woman has spotted a strange animal in her garden which could suggest that the mysterious beast of Swanpool has moved elsewhere.
A Penryn woman has spotted a strange animal.
Callaghan Pump and Controls Inc. of Hackensack, NY was awarded the contract for 4 packaged pump systems located at 1 World Trade Center, the tallest building in the United States.
Callaghan Pump and Controls Inc., NY was awarded the contract for 4 packaged pump systems located at 1 World Trade Center.
Authorities say a 150-pound bear has been sighted around Fort Huachuca in Sierra Vista.
A bear has been sighted around Fort Huachuca in Sierra Vista.
Sri Lanka made slow start with scoring only 9 runs in first 5 overs after it won the toss and elected to bat in the World Cup final against India at the Wankhede stadium on Saturday.
Sri Lanka made slow start.
The Sports Network Tiger Woods, sporting a mustache and a beard during a press conference before the AT\u0026T National on Tuesday, said he has no timetable for a return to competitive golf.
The Tiger Woods said he has no timetable for a return.
Screenwriter John Michael Hayes, nominated for an Academy Awards for the classic Alfred Hitchcock film ``Rear Window'' and for ``Peyton Place,'' died of natural causes Wednesday in Hanover, NH He was 89.
Screenwriter John Michael Hayes died.
Nearly two-thirds of Egyptian men admit to having sexually harassed women in the Arab country, and a majority say women themselves are to blame for their maltreatment, a survey showed on Thursday.
Women are to blame.
Michelle Wie cruised to victory Sunday at the CN Canadian Women's Open, firing a 2-under 70 to win by three shots at St. Charles Country Club.
Michelle Wie cruised to victory at the CN Canadian Women's Open.
A flash flood watch remains in effect for the Rio Grande Valley through this evening.
A flash flood watch remains in effect.
Veterans and their families gathered at Veteran's Memorial Park to remember the ending of the Vietnam War through a special ceremony and dedication.
Veterans gathered to remember the ending of the Vietnam War.
Iran arrested hundreds of people after deadly clashes on the tense streets of Tehran, state radio said on Monday, but the opposition defiantly vowed to press on with its post-election protests.
Iran arrested hundreds after clashes.
The Russian democratic opposition has released a new political program recommending a new course for the country, and explaining how to get there.
The Russian democratic opposition has released a political program.
The second most bet on NFL game of the week so far, Pittsburgh Steelers vs. Cleveland Browns betting odds were set at Steelers -6 to -6 ½ across the board despite the Browns actually being slight favorites at some online sports books to win the AFC North division in 2008.
The bet, Pittsburgh Steelers vs. Cleveland Browns odds were set.
Gillard backs Holden as it cuts jobs Updated: 05:47, Friday February 3, 2012 The federal government has vowed to help Holden however it can, as the car manufacturer plans to slash 100 jobs in South Australia.
Gillard backs Holden as it cuts jobs.
Blue Square Premier side Barrow have signed Marine striker Lee McEvilly on a short-term deal.
Barrow have signed Marine striker Lee McEvilly.
Phil Oakey has said that he would be interested in recording new music with Martyn Ware in the future.
Phil Oakey would be interested in recording with Martyn Ware.
Forecasters say Hurricane Jimena has strengthened to a powerful Category 3 storm in the Pacific and it could get even stronger in the next day or two.
Hurricane Jimena has strengthened to a Category 3 storm in the Pacific and it could get even stronger.
A disgruntled Younis Khan has resigned as Pakistan cricket captain despite being cleared by a parliamentary sports committee on charges of match-fixing in the Champions Trophy.
A Younis Khan has resigned as Pakistan cricket captain.
Thomson and First Choice are reporting an increase in market share at parent company TUI's half year results.
Thomson and First Choice are reporting an increase in market share.
Union Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde today said vital clues have been obtained on the recent 'fidayeen' attack in Srinagar in which five CRPF jawans were killed.
Vital clues have been obtained on the fidayeen attack.
Enfield's Olympic champion Charlotte Dujardin says a woman who is fighting a brain tumour is an ``inspiration.''
Enfield's champion Charlotte Dujardin says a woman who is fighting a tumour is an inspiration.
Drugmaker Eli Lilly and Co. is withdrawing the severe sepsis treatment Xigris from all markets because a recently concluded study showed that it is no longer effective.
Eli Lilly and Co. is withdrawing the sepsis treatment Xigris.
Qatar Airways recently celebrated the launch of its 30th European destination with daily scheduled flights to the Croatian capital Zagreb.
Qatar Airways celebrated the launch of its 30th European destination.
A dejected Rahul Dravid blamed poor batting for his team's ordinary show in the ongoing IPL but chose to keep mum on team owner Vijay Mallya's criticism of their team selection decisions.
A Rahul Dravid blamed poor batting.
Alabama has set a voter registration record and the numbers are still growing.
Alabama has set a voter registration record.
A man was brutally murdered in Kaila Devi town of Karuali district as unknown assailants slit his throat.
A man was brutally murdered in Kaila Devi town.
Brandy and her professional dance partner Maksim Chmerkovskiy were eliminated from the ``Dancing with the Stars'' semifinals in Los Angeles Tuesday night.
Brandy were eliminated from the Dancing with the Stars semifinals.
Helen Flanagan has been given sleeping pills to help her cope on 'I'm A Celebrity...
Helen Flanagan has been given sleeping pills to help her cope on I 'm.
Hawaii health officials on Friday issued a brown water advisory for the island of Kauai.
Officials issued a brown water advisory for the island of Kauai.
State controlled Krakatau Steel, Indonesia's largest steelmaker said it was ready to produce more smaller three kilogram gas canisters than the larger 12 kilogram gas canisters, if the government set to direct wider use of smaller canisters ahead of the government's plan to hike gas price after Idul Fitri.
Krakatau Steel was ready to produce more smaller three gas canisters.
Cadillac wants to improve its customer service in showrooms, so General Motors is getting help from world's one of the top outfits to make customers happy and they are Ritz Carlton.
Cadillac wants to improve its customer service.
Uyarnthavan, directed by director-actor Ranjith, is very much likely to hit screens in May.
Uyarnthavan is likely to hit screens in May.
ATLANTA \u0026mdashZack Peacock hit four straight free throws in the final 16 seconds to help Georgia Tech beat 24th-ranked Clemson 80-75 on Thursday night.
Georgia Tech beat Clemson 80.
The Cheetahs beat the Hurricanes this week 28-12.
The Cheetahs beat the Hurricanes.
Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi is not likely to campaign in Bihar as he does not figure in the list of campaigners submitted to the Election Commission by the Bharatiya Janata Party, party sources said Friday.
Narendra Modi is not likely to campaign in Bihar.
THIEVES have stolen 150 Christmas trees from a forest park close to the Suffolk/Norfolk border.
THIEVES have stolen 150 Christmas trees.
Lily Allen is giving fans the chance to have a ``boozy evening'' at her fashion boutique and take home a free handbag.
Lily Allen is giving fans the chance to have a boozy evening.
Redding police plan to run a DUI and driver's license checkpoint Saturday at an undisclosed location within the city limits.
Redding police plan to run a DUI and driver's checkpoint Saturday.
THREE-time champion David Palmer moved into the second round of the British Open squash tournament with a comfortable 11-3 11-5 11-6 victory over Malaysian qualifier Mohd Nafiizwan Adnanhere today.
David Palmer moved into the second round.
Patel at a function organised by the US India Business Council on 25 March told reporters that the GPS based navigation system would be in place by next year because by then India would launch its own satellite.
The GPS based navigation system would be by next year India would launch.
Tottenham ace Jermain Defoe has warned Manchester United 's Wayne Rooney he is after this season's Golden Boot.
Tottenham ace Jermain Defoe has warned Manchester United's Wayne Rooney.
Despite laissez faire dress codes in some workplaces, personal appearances of job applicants still count in the recruitment process.
Personal appearances still count.
Hilton Worldwide announced today a new mattress recycling program in coordination with the installation of new Serta mattresses and box springs.
Hilton Worldwide announced a mattress recycling program.
Armenian National Football Team has moved 18 spots down in FIFA ranking list in comparison with the results of the previous year.
Armenian National Football Team has moved down in FIFA ranking list.
Flood warnings have been removed from Watford and Bushey this afternoon, after levels of the River Colne began to finally drop.
Flood warnings have been removed.
President Obama must work to end the use of drones, a weapon that kills far too many civilians, fuels the Taliban and al-Qaida, and engenders distrust in the United States' ability to bring stability to the region.
Obama must work to end the use of drones.
Glenn McGrath is set to succeed compatriot Dennis Lillee as bowling consultant of the MRF Pace Foundation.
Glenn McGrath is set to succeed Dennis Lillee as bowling consultant of the MRF Pace Foundation.
Giants coach Tom Coughlin has confirmed that tackle David Diehl has an MCL injury.
David Diehl has an MCL injury.
Reese Witherspoon could marry her fiance Jim Toth ``within weeks'', according to US Weekly Magazine.
Reese Witherspoon could marry her fiance Jim Toth within weeks.
Iranian riot police have clashed with mourners who staged a defiant gathering at a cemetery to commemorate protestors killed in post-election violence last month.
Iranian police have clashed with mourners.
Rayagada, Sep 2 Three persons were arrested today for allegedly trying to extort money from a trader by posing as Maoists in Odisha's naxal-hit Rayagada district, police said.
2 Three persons were arrested for trying to extort money by posing as Maoists.
The Japanese market ended Wednesday's trading session in positive territory, following steep losses in the previous session, as bargain hunting at lower levels lifted the market.
The Japanese market ended in positive territory.
Washington, Feb. 17 Nike has created Jeremy Lin ``Linsanity'' edition shoes for the New York Knicks point guard sensation, a leading sneaker website said.
Nike has created Linsanity edition shoes, a website said.
Russia and China are proposing a treaty to ban weapons in space, the Russian foreign minister said Tuesday.
Russia and China are proposing a treaty to ban weapons in space.
Two prescribed burns are scheduled to occur in the Ochoco National Forest and in the Crescent Ranger District this week.
Two burns are scheduled.
The NFL has expanded the number of players invited to the draft April 25-26 in New York to at least 10.
The NFL has expanded the number of players invited to the draft.
Industrial production grew by 4.6% y/y in October, following a drop of 5.2% the previous month.
Industrial production grew.
An alleged homemade bomb exploded at the compound of an Islamic boarding school or pesantren under construction in Semarang on Thursday, injuring three people.
An homemade bomb exploded or pesantren.
Woman, 85, killed in WA collision Updated: 12:42, Sunday January 6, 2013 An 85-year-old woman has died after driving into the path of another vehicle at Coolup, 95km south of Perth.
Woman, 85, killed in WA collision Updated, has died.
Plucky Taiwanese chipmaker VIA Technologies is suing Apple for patent infringement, alleging that the fruity toymaker nicked some of its ideas and applied them in iPad 2 and iPhone 4 products.
VIA Technologies is suing Apple for patent infringement.
World Fuel Services Corporation today announced that its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Paul H. Stebbins , has entered into a pre-arranged, non-discretionary stock trading plan.
World Fuel Services Corporation today announced its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer has entered into a pre-arranged, stock trading plan.
Kobe Steel said in its statement that it has already paid JPY 1.13 billion in back taxes and penalties to state coffers.
Kobe Steel has paid JPY 1.13 billion in back taxes and penalties.
Since Gov. Dannel P. Malloy first began rolling out his initiatives for the legislative session this year, the big question was where was the money coming from to pay for the roughly $329 million in new spending -- $128 milion of that being his education reform measures.
Where was the money coming from.
The 75-year-old Barron man charged in the sexual assault of a patient he was caring for is facing more felony charges.
The Barron man is facing more felony charges.
If all goes as planned, Missouri wide receiver Jared Perry could be back at practice on Dec. 27 and may return for the Texas Bowl against Navy on Dec. 31.
Jared Perry could be and may return for the Texas Bowl.
The city reminds residents that new recycling collection schedule is part of the waste and recycling program Joliet initiated this year with Waste Management of Illinois.
The city reminds residents recycling collection schedule is.
The Hawks announced Wednesday they are raising ticket prices an average of 16 percent for season ticket-holders, including the price of the cheapest of ticket from $10 per game to $15 for season plans while others rose from $13.50 to $25, a spike of 85 percent.
The Hawks are raising ticket prices.
At the tail end of their provincial correctional centre sentences, a dozen halfway house residents are brightening up local kids' summers with new bicycles.
A dozen halfway house residents are brightening up local kids ' summers.
Hill+Knowlton Strategies, a wholly owned subsidiary of WPP, announced today that it has acquired Group SJR.
Hill + Knowlton Strategies has acquired Group SJR.
Bikie admits assaults after evidence Updated: 21:44, Monday March 11, 2013 Notorious Perth bikie Troy Mercanti has dramatically admitted beating his former partner over a span of 15 years, after changing his pleas midway through his trial.
Bikie admits assaults after evidence Updated.
A Clayton County police officer has lost his job over the ``Bigfoot'' hoax.
A Clayton County officer has lost his job over the Bigfoot hoax.
The Nigerian Higher Commissioner to Ghana, Senator Musiliu Obanikor says Ghana is a political heaven in Africa because of the political stability and peace that the country is enjoying.
Ghana is a political heaven in Africa.
White Cube, the British art gallery best known for championing the work of Damien Hirst, will open its first overseas branch in Hong Kong.
White Cube will open in Hong Kong.
The Washington Post is reporting that Wizards guard Javaris Crittenton, the other member of the December 21 dispute involving Gilbert Arenas, has been formally charged with illegal gun possession.
Javaris Crittenton has been charged with illegal gun possession.
Telkomsel, Indonesia's largest mobile operator, has surprised many in the Indonesian industry by calling a creative pitch less than a year after it appointed Leo Burnett as its creative AOR.
Telkomsel has surprised many in the Indonesian industry by calling a creative pitch.
A theft investigation is underway in Lexington after a controversial billboard condemning homosexuality and abortion went missing, apparently showing up in a downtown Lexington bar.
A investigation is after a controversial billboard condemning homosexuality and abortion went missing.
As parents take advantage of the VAT amnesty granted by the government on stationary and books until the end of next month, the Education Ministry has stressed that parents of primary school children do not need to purchase text books.
Parents do not need to purchase text books.
A former Sault Ste. Marie man who now lives in Sudbury pleaded guilty Thursday to sex offences involving a girl, but disagreed with some of the facts the Crown read in court.
A man pleaded guilty to sex offences.
Parliament Home \u003e Parliamentary Business \u003e News \u003e Report looks at regional development agencies News home All news by subject News archive Report looks at regional development agencies 13 March 2009 There is broad support for a public body operating between national and local level on economic development issues.
News All news by Report looks at regional development agencies.
Premium sheepskin footwear and apparel brand EMU Australia appointed Andy Knowles as CEO of Europe to lead the label through the next growth phase after recent success in global footwear markets.
EMU Australia appointed as CEO of Europe.
Paris judges have summoned to a court hearing in May the heads of Spanish construction group Sacyr and French bank Calyon over a long-running dispute between Sacyr and French group Eiffage, Le Point magazine reported.
Paris judges have summoned the heads of Sacyr and Calyon, magazine reported.
Christine O'Donnell said today she regrets her campaign's iconic ``I'm not a witch'' ad.
Christine O'Donnell said she regrets I 'm not a witch ad.
Linden Lab, the developer of virtual world Second Life, said it has acquired the iPad game Blocksworld.
Linden Lab has acquired the game Blocksworld.
The US pipeline regulator said on Thursday that Enbridge Inc can reopen its 6A pipeline that brings Canadian crude to refineries in the Midwest because the company has fixed a leak that spilled oil in Illinois.
The US regulator said Enbridge Inc can reopen its 6A pipeline.
The Naples Daily News is hosted a Tweet town hall meeting about health care at its office Wednesday night.
The Naples Daily News is hosted a Tweet town hall meeting.
Mahindra and Mahindra Limited, a part of the $6.7 billion Mahindra Group, has overhauled its internal network security.
Mahindra has overhauled its network security.
STERLING fell against the US dollar on Monday, mirroring the euro's drop against the US currency as concerns over the euro zone's huge debt problems continued to concern investors globally.
STERLING fell against the US dollar on Monday.
England look to be heading for defeat on day four of the first Test against Sri Lanka, despite the best efforts of centurion Jonathan Trott.
England look to be heading for defeat.
Monty Python comedy legend John Cleese took a $US5,100 taxi ride from Oslo to Brussels after becoming stranded in Europe's volcanic ash travel crisis, the Norwegian TV2 broadcaster reported on Friday.
John Cleese took a, taxi ride from Oslo to Brussels.
Coach shoulder bags have classical integral sensation close to most from the shoulder bags design.This specific selection arranged highlights the chun xia period may be the leisure, style the fantastic combination.Coach shoulder bags may be discovered to get the perfect at this time of year.
Coach shoulder bags have classical integral sensation.
Thousands of vocational courses that lead to students ``working hard but getting nowhere'' -- possibly nine in 10 of the total -- are to be dropped from school and college league tables in England under plans outlined by the government.
Thousands of vocational courses working -- nine -- are to be dropped from school and college league tables.
Ocado is the latest retailer to have suffered an Olympic slowdown as customers swapped online grocery shopping for watching our athletes go for gold.
Ocado is the latest retailer to have suffered an Olympic slowdown.
THE Millennium Stadium pitch is to be re-laid just in time for Wales' four autumn internationals after a parasite was found in the grass.
THE Millennium Stadium pitch is to be re-laid.
Scotland freed the terminally ill Lockerbie bomber on compassionate grounds today, allowing him to die at home in Libya despite American protests that mercy should not be shown to the man responsible for the deaths of 270 people.
Scotland freed the terminally ill Lockerbie bomber.
Police have released the name of the homicide victim found Friday evening in a Sioux Falls alley.
Police have released the name of the homicide victim.
Britain culls badgers to save cattle Updated: 07:09, Thursday February 28, 2013 Britain is set to cull up to 5,000 badgers in a bid to combat tuberculosis in cattle which has outraged animal welfare groups, after two pilot schemes were given the green light.
Britain culls badgers to save cattle.
Over the past week the Chinese domestic common alloys market strengthened again, following the softening trend observed in the previous week.
The Chinese common alloys market strengthened again.
ANGLIAN Water has been fined £75,000 and ordered to pay costs of £10,459 for allowing sewage effluent from its Letchworth Sewage Treatment Works to pollute the Pix Brook killing at least 2,679 fish.
ANGLIAN Water has been fined £ 75,000.
But when i came cross what was written by HASSAN BIN TALIB in ``Wait for Next Election, Anwar'', i was quite delighted to see that at least there's still someone who is still thinking rationally in Malaysia.
Who is thinking rationally in Malaysia.
The Penn State board of trustees fired Paterno as football coach earlier Wednesday.
The Penn State board fired Paterno.
Rubio, a darling of the tea party movement, told a wildly enthusiastic, overlfowing crowd that Pennsylvania is in play in Tuesday's election.
Rubio told, Pennsylvania is in play.
Tamil superstar Rajnikanth turned 62 today as his fans organised special prayers and various welfare activities to mark the birthday of their thalaivar.
Superstar Rajnikanth turned 62.
Wine retailer Oddbins is set to go into administration after failing to reach a deal with its creditors.
Oddbins is set to go into administration.
Kenny Chesney's duet with Grace Potter, ``You and Tequila,'' helped him pick up a leading six ACM nominations, including entertainer of the year.
Him pick up a leading six ACM nominations.
The Vancouver Canucks today announced they have recalled right winger Jannik Hansen from the Manitoba Moose.
The Vancouver Canucks have recalled Jannik Hansen.
Mason City police said an 83-year-old woman was critically burned when her robe caught on fire while she was apparently trying to put out a cooking fire.
An woman was burned her robe caught on fire.
Australian ISP and communications provider Exetel has connected its first customer to the Optus mobile network.
Exetel has connected its first customer to the Optus network.
The application process for finding a new Superintendent for the Clear Fork Schools is winding down.
The application process for finding a new Superintendent is winding.
The long summer break is expected to cost UK parents £8.6 billion this year, according to a new study from LV=.
The summer break is expected to cost parents £ 8.6 billion.
Railways Minister Pawan Kumar Bansal launched Wi-Fi- facility as a pilot project on Howrah Rajdhani Express (train no.
Pawan Kumar Bansal launched Wi-Fi facility as a project on Howrah Rajdhani Express train no..
A 57-year-old Bronx woman was rescued from New York Harbor after she jumped off the Lady Liberty, a Statue of Liberty ferry owned by Statue Cruises, on Aug. 14, 2011.
A woman was rescued after she jumped off the Lady Liberty, a Statue of ferry.
30 Jul, 11:55 - Kaiser Chiefs star Ricky Wilson has broken a rib at a gig in New York's Madison Square Garden.
30 Jul, Ricky Wilson has broken a rib at a gig.
Jonathan Rea says he is happy to be back in the winners' circle after winning at the third round of the World Superbike championship in Holland.
Jonathan Rea is happy to be back in the winners ' circle.
Ethiopian Airlines made its maiden flight to Toronto this week landing at Pearson International Airport.
Ethiopian Airlines made its maiden flight to Toronto.
German business confidence fell to the lowest level in more than 26 years in March, adding to signs that the recession is deepening.
German business confidence fell.
Derby defender Jake Buxton will undergo minor back surgery in a bid to put the last seven months of injury problems behind him.
Derby defender Jake Buxton will undergo minor back surgery.
Four boaters from Miami who were missing since Thursday were found by the US Coast Guard Saturday morning off the coast of St. Lucie County, according to the news release from the Coast Guard.
Four boaters who were missing since Thursday were found by the morning off the coast of St. Lucie County.
Adelaide United coach Aurelio Vidmar has escaped serious penalty from A-League authorities for his extraordinary post-match outburst in which he slammed his own club.
Aurelio Vidmar has escaped serious penalty.
Hugh Grant and Liz Hurley win their privacy case against two photo agencies.Britain's High Court says The Big Pictures and Eliot Press Sarl agencies apologized Thursday for using a long lens to violate the trio's privacy while they were at an island resort in October.
Hugh Grant and Liz Hurley win their privacy case against.
Arrest warrants have been issued for actor Randy Quaid and his wife after they failed to appear for a court hearing, a prosecutor said on Tuesday.
Warrants have been issued for Randy Quaid.
Danny Granger did some shooting on Friday, but said he still expects to miss approximately 10 more days.
Danny Granger expects to miss approximately 10 more days.
Harry Connick Jr. says he did the right thing by expressing his outrage at a blackface skit poking fun at the Jackson Five in Australia last week.
Harry Connick Jr. says he did the right thing.
A reality TV starlet accused of burglarizing Orlando Bloom's house has pleaded no contest to felony burglary.
A TV starlet has pleaded no contest to burglary.
Salwa Amin, 'Buckwild' MTV reality show cast member, arrested on drug charge A cast member of the MTV reality show ``Buckwild'' is facing a drug charge in West Virginia.
Salwa Amin arrested on drug charge cast member of the MTV reality show Buckwild is facing.
Jack Alderman was set to be executed Tuesday however, Monday a judge granted a stay of execution.
Jack Alderman was set, a judge granted a stay of execution.
Just before 1:30 pm today, Alex Cinotti, Assistant Director for East Shore District Health Department learned that Branford Point beach swimming area could be re-opened to swimmers after tests came back showing the bacteria levels had decreased to a safe, acceptable level.
Branford Point area could be re-opened to swimmers.
United Airlines said today it will lay off 414 mechanics at its San Francisco maintenance base.
United Airlines will lay off 414 mechanics at its San Francisco base.
State Sen. Jeff Hayden of Minneapolis has been named deputy leader of the state Senate's DFL majority caucus, which will take control of the body when the Legislature convenes in January.
State Sen. Jeff Hayden of Minneapolis has been named deputy leader of the state Senate's majority caucus.
Nike has launched the 'Parallel Journeys' TV campaign which celebrates the millions of young cricket athletes in India who relentlessly pursue perfection in the sport, no matter where they are or on what field they play.
Nike has launched the Parallel Journeys ' campaign.
The Sabbathday Lake Shaker Village, Route 26, New Gloucester, ME, will open for the 2010 season on Friday, May 28th at 10 AM.
The Sabbathday Lake Shaker Village will open for the 2010 season.
AP Sports Writer More NFL players are testing positive for amphetamines, a class of substances that includes the ADHD drug Adderall.
More NFL players are testing positive for amphetamines.
John McCain is set to appear on ``Saturday Night Live'' just three days before the presidential election.
John McCain is set to appear on Saturday Night Live.
Rumours are rife that pop diva Madonna's ex-husband Guy Ritchie and Jemima Khan are seeing each other.
Guy Ritchie and Jemima Khan are seeing each other.
Lockheed Martin, the world's biggest defense company, reported a drop in first-quarter profits and reduced its full-year earnings estimates as it absorbed the tax implications of President Barack Obama's healthcare reform legislation.
Lockheed Martin reported a drop in profits.
First Lady Jenny Sanford announced Friday that she is filing for divorce from her husband, Governor Mark Sanford.
Jenny Sanford announced she is filing for divorce.
Pakistan captain Shoaib Malik conceded on Monday that Sri Lanka will have a slight edge over the home team in a three-match One-day International series beginning at the National Stadium here Tuesday.
Sri Lanka will have a edge in a series.
A Baldwin hunter found dead under a tree stand in the woods has been identified.
A hunter found dead under a tree stand has been identified.
Third-seeded Mona Barthel of Germany advanced to the Bell Challenge semifinals Friday, beating sixth-seeded Barbora Zahlavova Strycova of the Czech Republic 6-3, 6-4.
Mona Barthel advanced to the Bell Challenge semifinals.
Peru plans to double its textile and apparel exports by 2017 and invest over $60m to promote its key designer brands in international markets.
Peru plans to double its textile and apparel exports by 2017.
New York Yankees shortstop Derek Jeter passed Cal Ripken Jr. into 13th place on the all-time hits list Friday night in a game against the White Sox.
Derek Jeter passed Cal Ripken Jr. hits list.
Spain's Foreign Minister Miguel Angel Moratinos said the current Spanish EU presidency ``will engage to improve EU's relations with Israel''.
Spain's Miguel Angel Moratinos said the Spanish EU presidency will engage to improve EU's relations with Israel.
A production crew was at Greenbrier Valley Mall Thursday to film a local security company's audition for a television series.
A crew was to film a local security company's audition for a television series.
He'll be watching Martin Biron from the bench tonight, and Henrik Lundqvist, who was wearing his Crown Collection baseball hat this morning in the locker room, said he hoped to ``try and relax and enjoy'' the upcoming All-Star festivities in Ottawa.
Henrik Lundqvist hoped to try and relax and enjoy the All-Star festivities.
Kurdish militants have threatened to strike back in cities inside Turkey unless the offensive by Turkish troops in northern Iraq is halted.
Kurdish militants have threatened to strike back in cities inside Turkey.
Avery Johnson said he has agreed to become the coach of the New Jersey Nets, the NBA's worst team.
Avery Johnson has agreed to become the coach of the New Jersey Nets.
THE town of Mountmellick was gripped with fear on Sunday morning with rumours doing the rounds that a local business man had been shot dead the previous night.
THE town was gripped with fear with rumours doing a business man had been shot dead.
The late Betty Shabazz, wife of Malcolm X, had a street renamed after her in Washington Heights Saturday.
A street renamed after The Betty Shabazz.
Former ministers are to give a news conference at the National Assembly on Wednesday at 11 am
Former ministers are to give a news conference at the National Assembly.
A man is in a serious condition after being stabbed in the chest at a party on Victoria's Mornington Peninsula.
A man is in a serious condition after being stabbed.
I heard the line ``it's all about the faces'' from someone in the past few weeks.
It's all about the faces.
A Christmas party at a hotel ended in tragedy at the weekend after a young woman was found dead at the bottom of a fire escape stairwell.
A Christmas party ended in tragedy.
WELSH MPs are tonight calling for Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt to be sacked, saying his position was ``untenable'' amid claims he colluded with Rupert Murdoch's empire in a bid to prevent a public inquiry into phone hacking.
WELSH MPs are tonight calling for Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt to be sacked.
Good news from a pair of blue-chip American companies and signals that the European Union may step in with aid for debt-addled Greece helped Wall Street bounce back Tuesday morning.
News helped Wall Street bounce back.
Several Rio Grande Valley cities are taking legal action against cable giant Time Warner Cable.
Rio Grande Valley cities are taking legal action against Time Warner Cable.
Sunbathers and the general population in Britain have been advised to apply sunscreen before leaving their house with the meteorological department predicting that Saturday will be the hottest day of the year.
Saturday will be the hottest day of the year.
Shisha smoking being the root cause of impotency in men in the Middle East.
Shisha smoking being the cause of impotency.
The 2011 Masters pairings and tee times have been announced for the opening two rounds.
The 2011 Masters pairings and tee times have been announced.
Regional airline Aer Arann is to create 50 jobs in Dublin over the next 12 months for engineering and support staff, and flight and cabin crew, as the first of eight new aircraft in its fleet began operations.
Aer Arann is to create 50 jobs in Dublin.
Santos kept the pressure on Absa Premiership leaders SuperSport United as they cruised to a 4-0 win over Maritzburg United at the Coetzenburg Stadium on Saturday where Pikolethu Spelman and Ryan Chapman each netted twice.
Santos kept the pressure.
A Jackson woman died Friday in a four-vehicle wreck on US 43 in Clarke County, police said today.
A Jackson woman died in a wreck.
England look the real deal and may beat India 4-0, taking the No.1 ranking in the process, Sky Sports cricket commentator David Lloyd says.
England look and may beat India 4 0.
Field Fisher Waterhouse has recovered compensation for a 33 year old man in South London who was left with brain injuries following a serious fall on a poorly maintained road.
Field Fisher Waterhouse has recovered compensation for a man who was left with brain injuries following a fall.
Synnex, one of the largest distribution companies in Australia, today announced that it has appointed Tony Ignatavicius as senior manager, national commercial sales.
Synnex has appointed as senior manager, national commercial sales.
Finnish mobile handset major Nokia will fund four Indian software developers under its $10-million joint open screen project fund with Adobe for developing multi-screen infotainment applications, a company official said Monday.
Nokia will fund four Indian software developers.
Miami Dolphins released the 2009 schedule and kick off tonight at Land Shark Stadium against Jacksonville.
Miami Dolphins released the 2009 schedule.
Adam Levine already took to Twitter to defend his ``I hate this country'' comment on ``The Voice'' by defining the words ``misunderstand,'' ``lighthearted,'' ``humorless'' and ``joke,'' but apparently that didn't clarify his stance on the situation clearly enough.
Adam Levine took to defend his I hate this country comment on The Voice.
She skipped the UK premiere of On The Road last month, and she's apparently suffering a bout of insomnia ahead of representing the movie in Canada.
She skipped, and she's suffering a bout of insomnia.
Sepp Blatter was re-elected unopposed as Fifa president, promising to use his final term to radically reform football's ailing world governing body.
Sepp Blatter was re-elected unopposed as Fifa president.
Nicaragua waits on Thursday for a vote recount, authorized by the election council in Managua to avert violence in the nation after regional elections held on Sunday.
Nicaragua waits for a vote recount.
Harry Kewell is the latest high-profile athlete to drop his daks, as the Socceroos and Galatasaray star launches his underwear range.
Harry Kewell is the athlete to drop his daks.
Wells Fargo on Thursday lifted hopes for the stricken banking sector by announcing that it would report record first-quarter profits of $3bn later this month.
Wells Fargo would report record profits.
Peñalosa, the reigning WBO bantamweight champion, will summon all his strength and force JuanMa to go the distance when they clash at the Coliseo Ruben Rodriguez, in Bayamon.
Peñalosa will summon and force JuanMa to go the distance.
FORMER Tavistock College student Olly White completed a 56-mile swim last week across the Irish sea for charity.
Olly White completed a swim.
The number of mobile broadband subscribers using 3G HSPA has increased by 850% worldwide in the past year, according to the GSM Association.
The number of mobile broadband subscribers has increased by 850%.
Six days and a slow start later, Usain Bolt finally won gold at the world championships, running the fourth-fastest 200 meters in history to back up his showmanship with a stunning performance.
Usain Bolt won gold at the world championships.
Singer-turned-fashionista Lily Allen has reportedly asked Miquita Oliver to be head bridesmaid when she marries Sam Cooper.
Lily Allen has asked Miquita Oliver to be head bridesmaid.
A woman claims Decatur police went too far when they frisked her during a traffic stop.
A woman claims police went too far they frisked during a traffic stop.
Cardinals ace Chris Carpenter is throwing again and feeling good as he works his way back from Tommy John surgery.
Cardinals ace Chris Carpenter is throwing again.
New President of Pakistan, Asif Ali Zardari said that the 'president will be subservient to the Parliament''.
President, Asif Ali Zardari said the president will be subservient to the Parliament.
An elderly woman was shot dead in Novaliches, Quezon City on Wednesday night.
An elderly woman was shot dead in Novaliches.
With the series already under their belt, a confident India will look to continue their dominating run and complete a 4-1 drubbing over an inconsistent Sri Lanka in the final one-dayer here on Saturday.
A India will look to continue and complete a 4 1 drubbing over an Sri Lanka.
A BBC weatherman actually apologized on air Sunday afternoon for an incorrect forecast.
A BBC weatherman apologized for an incorrect forecast.
The Department of National Defence says a Canadian soldier has died during a training program in Mali in a non-combat related incident.
A Canadian soldier has died during a program in Mali in a non-combat related incident.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has expressed regret over the imprisonment of Ali Akbar Javanfekr, the director of the Islamic Republic News Agency and the president's advisor in media affairs, who was arrested on Wednesday, MNA reported.
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has expressed regret over the imprisonment.
Senheng Electric Sdn Bhd, a leading electrical chain store operator, plans to open 100 new outlets nationwide this year.
Senheng Electric Sdn Bhd plans to open 100 new outlets this year.
Diva Universal will replace Hallmark Channel reaching more than 20 million viewers across 21 Asian countries.
Diva Universal will replace Hallmark Channel.
Everton beat Manchester United by 3-1 in the English Premier League clash at Goodison Park today.
Everton beat Manchester United.
Severn Trent Water will be fined a record £36million for deliberating lying about its customer data and providing a poor service, Ofwat has confirmed.
Severn Trent Water will be fined a record £ 36million for deliberating lying about its customer data and providing a poor service.
Orillia residents are all invited to a charrette on Tuesday, whether they know what the word means or not.
Residents are invited to a charrette.
Delphi, a US company specialized in automobile electronics, is to recruit 3.441 Moroccans for their two factories in the city of Tanger, northern Morocco.
Delphi is to recruit 3.441 Moroccans.
Phoenix Coyotes center Olli Jokinen will be sidelined for at least two weeks by a shoulder injury, ending his consecutive games streak at 397.
Phoenix Coyotes center Olli Jokinen will be sidelined for at least two weeks by a shoulder injury.
A Fayette man was beaten, kidnapped and transported out of state after being robbed earlier this week.
A Fayette man was beaten, kidnapped.
More than 100 Orlando intersections are without power and traffic signals are not working after a severe thunderstorm swept through the area.
More than 100 Orlando intersections are without power and signals are not working after a severe thunderstorm swept.
Georgia is recalling its ambassador to Russia for consultations over the issue of Russian fighter jets entering Georgian airspace.
Georgia is recalling its ambassador to Russia.
HENRIETTA KNIGHT, who famously saddled Best Mate to win three consecutive Cheltenham Gold Cups, has announced her retirement.
HENRIETTA KNIGHT has announced her retirement.
Gap said Tuesday it plans to open stores in both Vietnam and Guam as part of the retailer's efforts to ramp up overseas expansion.
Gap said it plans to open stores in Vietnam and Guam.
Nutritionists are giving ``dangerous'' advice to patients suffering from illnesses including cancer, according to a Which?
Nutritionists are giving dangerous advice.
The family-owned Koplan's Home Furnishings here is closing after 50 years in business, another victim of the economic turmoil and crashing housing market.
The Koplan's Home Furnishings is closing.
Washington, DC - Washington Wizards forward Antawn Jamison will miss the remainder of the preseason due to a right shoulder injury.
Washington, Antawn Jamison will miss the remainder of the preseason due to a injury.
The Queen of Hip-Hop Soul, Mary J. Blige, took time out of her busy schedule to celebrate the release of her 10th album My Life II in Atlantic City, NJ.
The Queen of Hip-Hop Soul took to celebrate the release of My Life II in Atlantic City.
New York indie band TV On The Radio will take a year off to concentrate on other projects following their mammoth world tour.
TV On The Radio will take a year off.
The former Spice Girls singer Mel B is considering moving to Australia following a recent visit to Sydney.
The singer Mel B is considering moving to Australia.
S. \u0026 P. lowers its ratings in nation's one of the most significant financial institutions, from major trading clearinghouses to mortgage giants like the Federal National Mortgage Association which depends on the government heavily.
S. lowers its ratings.
Housing permits and starts both tumbled to record lows in December, according to a government report released Thursday.
Housing permits and starts tumbled to record lows.
Political Reporter Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. and dozens of south suburban mayors and elected officials endorsed Gov. Pat Quinn Friday, noting Quinn's strong support for Jackson's signature issue -- building an airport in far south suburban Peotone.
Jesse Jackson Jr. endorsed Pat Quinn.
Robert Pattinson believes that elephants are like 'full-on method actors' who improvise on set.
Robert Pattinson believes elephants are like method actors.
7,614 women were arrested for vice-related activities last year, 2,567 more than the total number nabbed in 2008.
7,614 women were arrested for vice-related activities last year.
Wednesday saw stock futures increase for the third consecutive day at the stock exchange following optimism on a positive result at the Greek parliament.
Stock futures increase at the stock exchange.
Nirmal Bang says that the rupee is likely to open weak but we expect it to recover some ground taking cues from the strength in Asian currencies, in its report dated January 28, 2010.
The rupee is likely to open weak but we expect it to recover.
Villarreal coach Manuel Pellegrini explained to the press that he doesn't want to get dramatic over his team's dip in form in recent weeks.
Manuel Pellegrini doesn't want to get dramatic.
Malaysian police on Saturday arrested dozens of demonstrators in an attempt to disperse a mass street protest against draconian internal security laws.
Malaysian police arrested dozens in an attempt to disperse a protest against security laws.
Barack Obama is under pressure to publicly extend US protection to blind Chinese dissident Chen Guangcheng who took refuge in America's embassy in Beijing, as White House aides stressed they would need to ``balance'' human rights and relations with China.
Barack Obama is under pressure to extend protection to blind Chinese dissident Chen Guangcheng who took.
``A general can make PML-N or form political alliance like Islami Jamhoori Ithehad but he can't bring tsunami,'' says PTI Chief Imran Khan.
A general can make PML-N but he can't bring tsunami.
World oil prices climbed past the $85 a barrel mark in Asian trade Monday on signs of increase in energy demand.
Oil prices climbed past the $ 85 in Asian trade.
House prices have recorded their biggest ``spring bounce'' in eight years, fuelling hopes that the property market will be more robust in 2012 than last year, the Rightmove house price index shows.
House prices have recorded their biggest spring bounce in eight years.
Competition watchdog CCI has approved the proposed merger of Mahindra Satyam and other companies with Tech Mahindra, creating a $ 2.4-billion entity.
CCI has approved the merger of Mahindra Satyam with Tech Mahindra.
One hiker died on Mount Rainier and two others were awaiting rescue today at Camp Muir, high on the volcano's flank, officials at the national park said.
One hiker died on Mount Rainier.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad said at a four-way summit meeting on Thursday that a new round of indirect peace talks with Israel was postponed.
Bashar al-Assad said a new round of indirect peace talks with Israel was postponed.
Real Madrid has signed Hamburg captain Rafael van der Vaart, making him the Spanish champion's fifth Dutch player.
Real Madrid has signed Hamburg captain Rafael van der Vaart.
AbitibiBowater, which has shuttered operations in northern BC, has entered bankruptcy proceedings in Canada and the US, with a plan to file for creditor protection in Canada Friday.
AbitibiBowater has entered bankruptcy proceedings.
Darren Clarke failed to make the cut at the Irish Open on Friday, two weeks after he won the British Open for his first major title
Darren Clarke failed to make the cut at the Irish Open.
Recently, online game publisher Bethesda Softworks suffered cyber-attack from the Lulz Sec, the group that has claimed responsibility for a series of high profile attacks including those on US Senate and Sony Pictures.
Bethesda Softworks suffered cyber-attack.
MDMK leader Vaiko demanded on Monday that India boycott the London Olympics if the organisers did not cancel the sponsorship contract with Dow Chemicals, which has links to Union Carbide - the company responsible for the Bhopal gas disaster in 1984.
India boycott the London Olympics.
Manchester United goalkeeper Anders Lindegaard has made a successful return to action in a reserves match after three months out.
Anders Lindegaard has made a return to action.
Mick Jagger will perform live on the upcoming Grammy Awards, organizers announced Thursday.
Mick Jagger will perform live on the Grammy Awards.
Troy Hambrick, a former running back with the Dallas Cowboys and Arizona Cardinals, was sentenced to five years in federal prison Tuesday for selling crack cocaine to an undercover informant.
Troy Hambrick, a former running back, was sentenced.
Mila Kunis says she will not be starring in the big screen adaptation of The Fifty Shades of Grey.
Mila Kunis will not be starring in the adaptation of The Fifty Shades of Grey.
A Wisconsin man has grown a massive pumpkin that tips the scales at 1,810.5 pounds and is a possible world record.
A Wisconsin man has grown a massive pumpkin tips and is a possible world record.
The average net January salary in Macedonia this year ran to MKD 19,616 /MKD 61 = EUR 1/ and is 26.1% higher than the January salary in 2008, State Statistical Institute says, cited by Macedonian Sitel television.
The average net January salary in Macedonia this year ran to MKD 19,616.
Riverside used a first inning two-run homer from Grady Gieger and a third inning three-run blast from Tate Scioneaux to overwhelm Haynes on Friday afternoon.
Riverside used homer to overwhelm Haynes.
Home Secretary Jacqui Smith vowed today to ``turn the tables'' on troublemakers, urging police to crack down on individuals who ignore warnings over their anti-social behaviour.
Jacqui Smith vowed to turn the tables on troublemakers.
Global food prices hit a record high in December, topping the levels seen during the 2007-08 crisis, the United Nations' Food and Agricultural Organisation said on Wednesday.
Global food prices hit a record high in December.
Globecomm Systems, a provider of satellite-based communications infrastructure solutions and services, has appointed Tom Coyle as its new senior vice president and general manager.
Globecomm Systems has appointed as its new senior vice president and general manager.
It is believed that Peterborough United are preparing to report Gianni Paladini to the Football League for allegedly making an illegal approach for manager Darren Ferguson on behalf of Nottingham Forest.
Peterborough United are preparing to report Gianni Paladini.
The UK economy grew by 1.1% in Q2 2010 jumping by 0.8% from Q1, reports the Office of National Statistics.
The economy grew by 1.1%.
The accounting firm Ernst and Young LLP will add 500 jobs in Chicago by the middle of next year.
The accounting firm will add 500 jobs in Chicago.
Moscow, April 23 Peru will buy eight Russian helicopters to use them in anti-drug operations, Peru's Defence Minister Rafael Rey has said.
Peru will buy eight Russian helicopters.
US actress Angelina Jolie, seen here in the Dominican Republic on February 8, is due to arrive in quake-struck Haiti on Tuesday, the UN refugee agency said, a day after she visited Haitian children being treated in the neighbouring Dominican Republic.
Angelina Jolie visited Haitian children.
The Board of Directors of The Coca-Cola Company on October 22 declared a regular quarterly dividend of 41 cents per common share.
The Board of Directors of The Coca-Cola Company declared a quarterly dividend.
Plant vs. Zombies and Bejeweled 2 are now available on Barnes \u0026 Nobles' Nook HD and Nook HD+ devices.
Plant vs. Zombies and Bejeweled 2 are now available on Barnes \u0026 Nobles ' Nook HD.
AngloPlatinum, the world's largest producer of the metal, said on Feb. 8 it would shed 10,000 jobs this year, or about 13% of its workforce, to cope with lower prices and sagging demand from automakers.
AngloPlatinum would shed 10,000 jobs.
Dreier, who represented Claremont and La Verne in the 26th Congressional District, will be knighted by the Republic of San Marino.
Dreier, who represented, will be knighted.
Companies are marketing $4.22 billion of debt in the US as default rates for high-yield, high-risk US borrowers slide.
Companies are marketing $ of debt as default rates, slide.
Ecuador has granted asylum to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange because it believes he will be politically persecuted if extradited, Ecuadorian Foreign Minister Ricardo Patiño announced Thursday.
Ecuador has granted asylum to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange.
The Home Secretary has told LBC 97.3 she is introduicng new measures to stop the Olympics being disrupted by encampments like the one at St Paul's Cathedral.
The Home Secretary has told LBC 97.3.
Iran's Defense Minister Brigadier General Ahmad Vahidi says Iran is ready to solve the ongoing crisis in Yemen.
Iran is ready to solve the crisis in Yemen.
Essendon stormed home to beat Collingwood by 46 points in the AFL Anzac Day blockbuster at the MCG.
Essendon stormed to beat Collingwood by 46 points.
The prosecution rested Thursday in David Gundersen's trial, finishing off with former Blue Lake City Manager Duane Rigge.
The prosecution rested in David Gundersen's trial.
Lazio manager, Edy Reja, is looking forward to his team's UEFA Europa League game against Atletico Madrid, and is targeting Champions League qualification for the next season.
Manager, Edy Reja, is looking, and is targeting Champions League qualification.
No major damage or injuries have been reported after an earthquake was felt across the Susquehanna Valley around 2 pm Tuesday.
No major damage or injuries have been reported after an earthquake.
Recent studies show that this personality stays with them for life.
This personality stays for life.
Spectators are strongly advised not to drive private cars to Olympic Games venues as there will be no parking for them, said the Beijing Traffic Management Bureau.
Spectators are advised not to drive private cars to Olympic Games venues.
The Republican elections commissioner for Oneida County is refusing to step down and calling the request from her party's chairman that she resign political harassment.
The Republican elections commissioner is refusing to step down.
Consultants hired by the state to conduct a $70,000 five-year strategic plan for tourism development in the state presented early findings in a public session Thursday, suggesting among other things that Rhode Island does not spend enough money to establish a welcoming image for tourists from out of state.
Rhode Island does not spend enough money to establish a welcoming image for tourists.
Mick Aston, the archaeologist, has quit Time Team after producers hired a former model as the programme's co-presenter.
Mick Aston has quit Time Team after producers hired a former model as the programme's co-presenter.
A town of Watertown man is accused of patronizing a prostitute at a motel, according to the Jefferson County Sheriff's Department.
A town of Watertown man is accused of patronizing a prostitute.
BC-Ports-Product Safety,0207 US consumer protection agency to inspect products at ports Eds:
Product Safety, 0207 US consumer protection agency to inspect at ports Eds.
Russell Brand reportedly took a homeless man off the street and into his Los Angeles home.
Russell Brand took a homeless man.
US President George W. Bush arrived in Kuwait on Friday on the first stop of a four-nation tour of oil-rich Gulf Arab allies.
George W. Bush arrived in Kuwait.
The New Orleans Hornets announced today that they have signed free agent forward/center Sean Marks.
The New Orleans Hornets have signed / Sean Marks.
Michael Keaton has reportedly signed on to appear in DreamWorks' new project ``Need for Speed.''
Michael Keaton has signed on to appear Need for Speed.
She says she can't help ``feeling like a hypocrite'' after swearing she'd never sign on as the ``Bachelorette.''
She can't help feeling like a hypocrite after swearing she 'd never sign on as the Bachelorette.
Singer Miley Cyrus hangs out with friends in Los Angeles, CA on May 1, 2010 after which the Disney starlet hit Madeos for dinner.
Miley Cyrus hangs out with friends.
Maybe they should be calling the Ponds ``the couple who die and die again'' -- an interesting point of view has been put forward to this writer by Twitter user @smiddlehurst.
The couple who die and die again -- has been put.
In a challenging economic environment where fuel prices continue to be volatile and are more than 50 percent higher than last year, United is increasing the service fee to check a second bag on a domestic flight from $25 to $50 one way.
United is increasing the fee to check a second bag.
A marine and a solider -- both from Naperville -- were reportedly killed overseas
A marine -- from Naperville -- were killed overseas.
EXMOUTH charity shop Scope is appealing for volunteers to help raise funds for its work with disabled people.
EXMOUTH charity shop Scope is appealing for volunteers.
A House panel Wednesday voted to cite former top White House aide Karl Rove for contempt of Congress as its Senate counterpart publicly pursued possible punishments for an array of alleged past and present Bush administration misdeeds.
A House panel voted to cite Karl Rove for contempt.
LONDON Scientists studying rats have found both male and female newborns have an innate sense of direction before they've even begun to move around, and this is likely to be the same for all animals -- including humans.
Both male and female newborns have an innate sense of direction.
Greece has averted default by tapping into a multi-billion-euro EU loan rescue as unions geared up for a new general strike and official figures showed a strong rise in government debt.
Greece has averted default.
Labour is criticising Inland Revenue, as official figures show property investors owe more than $200 million in tax.
Property investors owe more than $ million.
Fitch has downgraded Jamaica to RD from CCC after the sovereign's closed its domestic debt exchange.
Fitch has downgraded Jamaica to RD.
About $3,600 in cash was taken from a Langdon, ND, liquor store during an early Friday burglary, the Cavalier County Sheriff's Department reported.
About $ 3,600 was taken from a Langdon, ND, liquor store during an burglary.
The Saturday Evening Post nine hand painted porcelain houses and buildings new in original boxes which have some wear.
The Saturday Evening Post nine houses and buildings new in boxes.
The European Union is appalled by the humanitarian catastrophe in the north of Sri Lanka and said there is an immediate and urgent need to act, to save lives and prevent further human tragedy.
The European Union is appalled by the humanitarian catastrophe in the north of Sri Lanka.
An inmate in the Clinton Correctional facility was sentenced on tax fraud charges and investigators say he pulled it off while in prison.
An inmate was sentenced on tax fraud charges.
Another cyclonic ring has formed in the north of Bay of Bengal off the Odisha coast.
Another cyclonic ring has formed.
The Bristol County Board of Commissioners meeting scheduled for Tuesday afternoon was canceled because two of the commissioners couldn't attend, according to Bristol County Administrator Jaye Cioper.
The Bristol County Board of Commissioners meeting was canceled.
Official figures show that American bought slightly more new homes in October, but the median sales price fell to its lowest level this year.
American bought new homes, but the sales price fell.
All Blacks centre Sonny Bill Williams announced Monday he will quit the world champion New Zealand team to play in Japan, then return to his old stomping ground, Australian rugby league.
Sonny Bill Williams will quit the New Zealand team.
Scientists have insisted that the so-called '27 club', which is made up of musicians who have all died at the age of 27, is a myth.
The 27 club is a myth.
``I am not aware that parties continue agitation before the official start of the pre-election campaign,'' Akylbek Sariev, the Chairman of the Central Commission for Elections and Referendums of Kyrgyzstan, stated at a press conference.
I am not aware parties continue agitation before the official start of the pre-election campaign.
Camden Property Trust /quotes/zigman/130204/quotes/nls/cpt CPT +0.31% today announced the closing of an amended and restated $500 million unsecured revolving credit facility.
CPT +0.31% today announced the closing of an amended and restated $ 500 million unsecured credit facility.
Hollywood star Jeremy London was kidnapped at gunpoint and forced to smoke drugs.
Jeremy London was kidnapped at gunpoint.
About 8,000 teachers in the city have not yet received honorarium for the Census 2011 work they did last year.
About 8,000 teachers have not yet received honorarium.
Authorities tell News 8 a suspicious device found in a North Texas neighborhood did contain explosives.
Authorities tell a suspicious device did contain explosives.
Burr Ridge police have charged a Romeoville woman with drug possession, allegedly for having what police said was heroin.
Burr Ridge police have charged a woman with drug possession.
Swedish explorer, Beowulf Mining is encouraged by the first complete assay results for 15 holes drilled as part of the drilling programme on its wholly-owned Kallak Iron Ore deposit.
Explorer, Beowulf Mining is encouraged by the assay results.
Six members of a family were burnt alive when their hut caught fire at Banaldih Tola in Rangamatia village in adjoining Seraikela-Kharswan district late Saturday night, police said.
Six members of a family were burnt alive.
James led the Heat to their second straight NBA title, scoring 37 points and grabbing 12 rebounds in a 95-88 victory Thursday night in a tense Game 7 of the NBA Finals that lived up to its billing.
James led the Heat to their second straight title.
Cuomo holds 'summit' to boost beer, wine in NY State regulators, farmers and orchard growers are heading to Albany for New York's wine and beer ``summit.''
Cuomo holds summit to boost beer, wine in NY State regulators.
Metro police are investigating a body that was found in a vacant lot Saturday.
A body was found in a vacant lot.
A man was found fatally shot in Richmond Friday night, according to police Lt. Johan Simon.
A man was found fatally shot in Richmond.
Music industry veteran James Stroud will bring country music to China and launch an international music and entertainment exchange program this year.
James Stroud will bring country music to China.
Dubai property regulators are considering cancelling 27 projects to stem the slump in the real estate sector.
Dubai property regulators are considering cancelling 27 projects.
The company reports that in an October survey, Apple's iOS and Android were tied for ``most desired'' operating system'' when mobile users who planned to upgrade to a smartphone in the next year were asked about their next phone.
IOS and Android were tied for most desired operating system.
Tilda Swinton is sleeping in a glass box for an art performance at a New York museum.
Tilda Swinton is sleeping in a glass box for an art performance.
Things will be different for Pete Carroll in Seattle compared to coaching at USC.
Things will be different for Pete Carroll.
Deledio hurts hammy Updated: 17:39, Saturday February 11, 2012 Richmond insist midfielder Brett Deledio should be available for the tail-end of the AFL pre-season competition despite an injury scare.
Deledio hurts hammy Updated.
Professionals such as teaching staff are never too old to try working abroad, according to Shelter Offshore.
Professionals are never too old to try working abroad.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency announced Wednesday that it is rolling out a plan to waive debts for many victims of Hurricane Katrina and other disasters who may have mistakenly received millions of dollars in aid.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency is rolling out a plan to waive debts for victims of Hurricane Katrina and other disasters.
Lucknow, Nov 5 Turned away by a community health centre, a pregnant woman gave birth on the roadside in Uttar Pradesh, officials said Wednesday.
A pregnant woman gave birth on the roadside in Uttar Pradesh.
NEW YORK -America's got Nick Cannon as the new host of ``America's Got Talent,'' says NBC.
America got Nick Cannon as the host of America's Got Talent.
The Kremlin will call for a new international currency at the upcoming G20 economic summit.
The Kremlin will call for a new international currency.
The final focus in the It`s Going to be a Big Season For... series concentrates on an area of the pitch subject to intense scrutiny for Arsenal.
The focus Going to be a Big Season... concentrates.
ADAM Lambert wants to have a ``torrid affair'' -- because he's too busy to commit to a proper relationship!
ADAM Lambert wants to have a torrid affair.
Phoenix not only opens the regular season in San Antonio -- against the Spurs team that ended their season for the third time in the last four years last April -- but the Grinches will be at US Airways Center for a Christmas Day matinee, Phoenix's first home game on Christmas since 1996.
Phoenix opens the season in San Antonio.
``The Social Network'' star Jesse Eisenberg refuses to read stories about himself in the press - because he loses sleep even when critics praise him.
Star Jesse Eisenberg refuses to read.
Actor DAX SHEPARD has paid tribute to his late father in a touching blog post detailing their last days together before he lost his cancer fight.
DAX SHEPARD has paid tribute to his late father.
``...Our victory was won cleanly and fairly, and that justice will be served and cannot come to any other conclusion than acknowledging the very transparent, free and fair victory that we won at the elections and so I'd ask you while the Court case continues, to continue to strengthen the base of the party''.
Our victory was won cleanly and fairly.
A Texas man was charged Tuesday in a fatal Boone County crash earlier this month.
A Texas man was charged in a fatal Boone County crash.
Ancient fiberart technique to be discussed An online service is needed to view this article in its entirety.
Ancient fiberart technique to be discussed is needed.
Wedding Photographer Carrie Evans joins us to talk what you can expect from your wedding photographer and the engagement session.
What you can expect from your wedding photographer.
Detroit Tigers star Miguel Cabrera was arrested late Wednesday on suspicion of drunken driving in Florida, leaving teammates concerned about the slugging first baseman less than a week into spring training.
Miguel Cabrera was arrested on suspicion of drunken driving.
Frank Ocean has told The Guardian that he ``might not make another album,'' following the release of his Grammy-nominated debut 'Channel Orange'.
Frank Ocean has told he might not make another album.
The water will be rising in the Wahpeton area later this week because of the drawdowns on Lake Traverse.
The water will be rising in the Wahpeton area later this week.
New Delhi, Feb 18 Delhi saw a chilly Monday with clear skies.
Delhi saw a chilly Monday.
Rumors that Amy Bruni has been fired from ``Ghost Hunters'' have been circulating on the Internet recently.
Amy Bruni has been fired from Ghost Hunters.
Pakistan ready for flag meeting after firing For more content go to http://http://www.indiatvnews.com/live-video/ Follow us on facebook at https://www.facebook.com/indiatvnws Follow us on twitter at https://twitter.com/indiatvnews
Pakistan ready for flag meeting after firing / Follow.
The Chicago Tribune is reporting that Nadya Suleman is very close to signing a deal for a reality show for her and her 14 children.
Nadya Suleman is close to signing a deal for a reality show.
British hopefuls found out their first round Wimbledon matches earlier today as the All England Club gears up for a fortnight of tennis.
British hopefuls found out their first round Wimbledon matches.
An impasse in contract negotiations between Allan Hancock College and the union representing its full-time faculty members has ended, but the issue that stalled the talks were left unresolved.
An impasse in contract negotiations has ended.
The Australian market ended in negative territory on Thursday on concerns that Chinese Government is considering curbs on over-capacity in industries.
The Australian market ended in negative territory.
Oscar-nominated production designer J. Michael Riva, who worked on films including A Few Good Men and The Amazing Spider-man, has died at the age of 63.
J. Michael Riva, who worked, has died.
A two-alarm fire caused by a heating blanket evacuated a South Austin senior living housing complex early Monday morning.
A fire evacuated a senior living housing complex.
Johnny Depp has reportedly bought an £8.5 million home in Venice because he loved the city so much when he filmed there with Angelina Jolie last year.
Johnny Depp has bought an £ 8.5 million home in Venice.
Air France-KLM says it returned to profit in its latest fiscal year as the rebounding global economy lifted traffic and helped offset a 1 billion rise in its fuel costs.
Air France-KLM returned to profit.
Ukraine is slipping towards a disaster as its politicians concentrate more on scoring points against each other than acting to halt the economic collapse in slow motion.
Ukraine is slipping towards a disaster.
Mechanical issues forced a Calgary-bound Air Canada flight to divert to Winnipeg Wednesday morning, the Winnipeg Airports Authority says.
Issues forced a Air Canada flight to divert to Winnipeg.
Oil falls on economic data Updated: 07:39, Thursday May 2, 2013 Oil prices have sunk on fresh signs of economic weakness in the United States and China and after a US inventory report showed crude stocks at their highest point in more than 30 years.
Oil falls on economic data.
In an effort to meet the needs of its customers, Discountmugs.com announced today that it will carry new promotional products in one to three months.
Discountmugs.com will carry new promotional products.
10 Jul, 18:09 - Akshaye Khanna has admitted that he doesn't believe in marriage and won't be getting wed this year.
18:09 Akshaye Khanna doesn't believe in marriage.
Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli has certified abortion clinic regulations that were altered earlier this month at his urging to include strict building standards.
Ken Cuccinelli has certified abortion clinic regulations.
In a statement posted at the Philippine Sock Exchange website on Tuesday, Splash said its earnings rose 500 percent to P144 million from P23.737 million in 2009.
Splash said its earnings rose 500 percent.
Foreign students living in Australia are in danger of being exploited by ''unscrupulous employers'', Australia's workplace watchdog says.
Foreign students are in danger of being exploited.
Nomura is raising up to Y410bn in new capital by issuing subordinated bonds and subordinated convertible bonds, in a bid to strengthen its international operations.
Nomura is raising up to Y410bn in new capital.
The Australian stock market was trading lower on Monday, after Wall Street extended its string of losses with a triple-digit loss on Friday.
The Australian market was trading lower.
A man was robbed as he was leaving a Greensboro restaurant on Sunday night.
A man was robbed as he was leaving a Greensboro restaurant.
Gemalto says it has expanded the activities of its Swedish personalisation centre to include payment cards.
Gemalto has expanded the activities of its Swedish personalisation centre.
President Barack Obama offered a warm Oval Office welcome to Chinese Vice President, Xi Jinping, who is widely seen as the next leader of his country, but warned that as it grows in stature China must recognise it has increased responsibilities to the rest of the world.
Barack Obama offered a warm welcome to Chinese Vice President, Xi Jinping.
Nariman is the son of former additional solicitor general of India Fali S Nariman who in 1975 resigned from his post protesting the imposition of a constitutional emergency by then prime minister Indira Gandhi.
Nariman is the son of general of Fali S Nariman who resigned.
A MOTORIST who refused to move his car which obstructed a pedestrian crossing in Worcester ended up with a suspended jail sentence and a bill for nearly £600.
A MOTORIST refused to move his car which obstructed a pedestrian crossing.
An eight-month pregnant woman who thwarted a jeepney robbery after jumping off a moving passenger jeepney Monday has died.
An pregnant woman who thwarted a robbery has died.
HITCHIN first XI got off to a poor start in Division One as they fell to an eight wicket defeat against Knebworth Park.
First XI got to a poor start.
A man sitting inside his west Charlotte home was injured during an apparent drive-by shooting Monday night.
A man sitting inside his home was injured during an drive - by shooting.
NEWLY appointed Environment Secretary Ramon Paje vowed to work for clean air and water, strengthen the country's forest protection and make idle lands productive.
Ramon Paje vowed to work for clean air and water.
General Motors in the US has filed for bankruptcy protection this morning in a deal that will give American taxpayers a 60-per-cent ownership stake.
General Motors has filed for bankruptcy protection.
27 militants including two local commanders Naeem and Tooti Khan were apprehended and huge quantity of arms and ammunition were also recovered which include grenades, Kalashnikov, rifles, pistols, Motorola communication equipment and rounds of different caliber.
27 militants were apprehended.
Against Me! have announced that they will join Foo Fighters on their upcoming North American tour.
They will join Foo Fighters on their tour.
Governor Lingle delivered her eighth and final State of the State Address to the people of Hawai'i this morning.
Governor Lingle delivered her eighth and final State of the State Address.
Munster coach Tony McGahan will leave the twice Heineken Cup winners at the end of the season after four years in charge.
Munster coach Tony McGahan will leave.
Chris Christie will head to Hammonton Tuesday afternoon for his next town hall.
Chris Christie will head to Hammonton for his next town hall.
The chairman of Sindh Taraqi Pasand Party, Dr. Qadir Magsi has said that without the reinstatement of deposed chief justice, Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry, the independent judiciary can not be restored.
Without the reinstatement of chief justice the independent judiciary can not be restored.
You can watch the speech here and judge for yourself, but we were struck by one line that the Drudge Report has been highlighting, in which Obama said, ``We don't need to build more highways out in the suburbs ...''
We don't need to build more highways out in the suburbs.
First quarter crime figures for 2009/2010 released by the Home Office today reveal that crime in South Wales has fallen by 8% compared to the same period last year.
Figures reveal crime in South Wales has fallen.
We think Jim Miller deserves a title shot, but why doesn't he feel he's worthy?
Jim Miller deserves a title shot.
President Asif Ali Zardari on Monday recalling repeated suspension of Constitution by ``undemocratic forces'' in the past that gravely undermined the federation, urged the parliament to pass the 18th constitutional amendment bill without delay.
Asif Ali Zardari recalling, urged the parliament to pass the 18th amendment bill without delay.
The food inflation for week ended June 11 has risen to 9.13 per cent from 8.96 per cent from the previous week.
The food inflation has risen to 9.13 per cent.
Real Housewives of Atlanta star Kim Zolciak and boyfriend Kroy Biermann are engaged to be married.
Real Housewives of Atlanta star Kim Zolciak and Kroy Biermann are engaged.
Governor Sindh Dr Ishrat-ul-Ibad Khan called on Punjab Chief Minister Shehbaz Sharif here at CM House on Tuesday night.
Ishrat-ul-Ibad Khan called on Shehbaz Sharif.
Microsoft Corp. said Thursday that Jeff Raikes, the top executive in its business software division, will retire in September.
Microsoft Corp. said Jeff Raikes, the executive, will retire.
New Washington Wizards coach Flip Saunders thinks Gilbert Arenas can be just as good-or better-than the All-Star point guard was before having three operations on his left knee.
Flip Saunders thinks Gilbert Arenas can be as good.
Police over the weekend released the name of a youth accused of shooting a man in the chest Friday afternoon near the Roy Laos Transit Center.
Police released the name of a youth accused of shooting a man in the chest.
Toshiba and Honda both slashed their profit outlook yesterday after a strong yen and global economic woes hammered their bottom lines.
Toshiba and Honda slashed their outlook.
Twin Falls Police are investigating a break in at the Shoshone Falls ticket booth at the entrance to the park.
Police are investigating a break in at the Shoshone Falls booth.
Like those movie monsters that just won't die, the Reverend Wright horror show is back again -- and it's scaring Obama supporters who are hoping to win over skeptical white working-class voters in the pivotal Indiana primary.
The Reverend Wright show is back.
The US stocks rebounded on Tuesday as oil prices eased from its fresh multi-year high, soothing concerns that surging oil could hurt economic recovery.
The US stocks rebounded as oil prices eased.
``Bones'' star David Boreanaz is publicly admitting to having cheated on his wife, Jaime Bergman, because he claims a woman he had a relationship with threatened to share details with the media.
Star David Boreanaz is admitting to having cheated on his wife.
Oil prices fell alongside the broader markets Tuesday after the Obama administration announced a program that could raise more than $1 trillion in public and private funds to revive the economy.
Oil prices fell.
Minister for Water and Power Syed Naveed Qamar on Tuesday said the Diamer Bhasha dam would usher in a new era of development in the country.
The Diamer Bhasha dam would usher in a new era of development.
German utility RWE does not plan to make a bid for British nuclear generator British Energy by a deadline of Friday, sources familiar with the matter said on Friday.
RWE does not plan to make a bid for British Energy, sources said on Friday.
Global data center player Equinix is entering the South American market, purchasing ALOG Data Centers in Brazil with private equity firm Riverwood Capital, which will hold a 10% stake, for US$127m.
Equinix is entering the South American market.
Israel kills 13, death toll now 90 Updated: 20:55, Monday November 19, 2012 Israeli strikes across the Gaza Strip have killed 13 people, raising the Palestinian death toll to 90 as Israel's campaign enters its sixth day.
Israel kills 13, death toll now 90 Updated 20:55.
Fourteen-time Olympic winner Michael Phelps will give up 200m freestyle in London Olympic Games.
Michael Phelps will give up 200m freestyle in London Olympic Games.
Here's what's open and closed in the GTA over this holiday weekend.
What's open and closed over this holiday weekend.
Brent crude futures traded over $100 a barrel on Tuesday according to FutureSource.
Brent crude futures traded over $ 100 a barrel.
WASHINGTON Barack Obama appeared unstoppable Tuesday in his bid to become the first black president in US history, propelled by Americans enraptured by his message of hope, change and promise.
Barack Obama appeared unstoppable Tuesday.
MADRID -Getafe beat Spanish league leader Real Betis 1-0 on Monday after Diego Castro's first-half goal secured the club's first win of the season.
Getafe beat Spanish leader Real Betis 1 0.
Gary Busey has apologized to Jennifer Garner for a bizarre red carpet embrace he gave her at the Oscars.
Gary Busey has apologized to Jennifer Garner.
Telstra has ended discussions with unions about a new enterprise agreement, after accusing them of knowingly putting forward prohibited content as part of a side agreement.
Telstra has ended discussions with unions.
Beckham kids bid goodbye to LA school Updated: 13:51, Saturday January 5, 2013 The Beckham children have said goodbye to their Los Angeles schoolmates.
Beckham kids bid goodbye to LA school.
The South Korean stock market is trading weak on Monday with investors taking some profits after recent strong gains.
The South Korean market is trading weak.
David Bankier, a prominent Holocaust scholar and head of Yad Vashem's International Institute for Holocaust Research, has died after a lengthy illness.
David Bankier, a prominent Holocaust scholar, has died.
Scioto Downs opens its 50th anniversary season on Friday night with 103 horses competing in an 11-race program of harness racing action.
Scioto Downs opens its 50th anniversary season on Friday night.
Braves right-hander Brandon Beachy, the Major Leagues' co-leader in ERA, underwent successful Tommy John surgery on Thursday and is expected to miss about a year.
Braves Brandon Beachy underwent Tommy John surgery.
Waitrose, an upmarket grocery arm of British retailer John Lewis Partnership, has signed its first ever franchise deal with motorway services operator, Welcome Break.
Waitrose has signed its franchise deal with operator, Welcome Break.
Residents of Watermere at Southlake, Southlake's first and only master-planned development for adults 55-plus, recently donated 135 hand-crafted heart pillows to breast cancer patients at the Breast Diagnostics Center of North Texas.
Residents of Watermere at Southlake donated 135 heart pillows.
Two Russian sumo wrestlers have tested positive for marijuana use, two weeks after another Russian was banned for life after being arrested on suspicion of possessing the drug.
Two Russian sumo wrestlers have tested positive for marijuana use.
A radio reporter was shot dead in the southern Philippines on Wednesday, the second reporter to be murdered in the country this year, the National Union of Journalists of the Philippines said, according to Reuters.
A radio reporter was shot dead in the southern Philippines said.
Senior Pakistan Peoples Party leader Aitzaz Ahsan has said President Asif Ali Zardari enjoys amnesty only in criminal cases and not in civil matters.
Asif Ali Zardari enjoys amnesty only in criminal cases.
BlackBerry maker RIM has requested India for two months extension of the deadline which Government had proposed to ban BlackBerry services namely Blackberry Enterprise and BlackBerry Messenger.
RIM has requested for extension of the deadline.
Tonight I had dinner with my best friends from middle and high school and one of the topics, among many, was this: how long do you support your adult child?
Tonight was : how long do you support your adult child.
Nokia, the world's largest cellphone vendor by volume, is cutting 3,500 jobs partly through the closure of its plant in Cluj, Romania, as it struggles with falling sales and profits.
Nokia is cutting 3,500 jobs.
The Almaty circus has invited guests.
The circus has invited guests.
Turkish soldiers, air force bombers and helicopter gunships reportedly launched an incursion into Iraq on Wednesday, hours after Kurdish rebels killed 26 soldiers and wounded 16 others in multiple attacks along the border.
Turkish soldiers, launched an incursion into Iraq.
Former Satyam Computer chief B Ramalinga Raju is likely to be arrested today as the pressure mounts on Andhra Pradesh government to take action against him.
B Ramalinga Raju is likely to be arrested today.
Former Howard Government Minister Mal Brough has revealed he is planning a return to federal politics.
Mal Brough is planning a return to federal politics.
Environmental activists unfurled banners near train stations and on railway overpasses Friday to protest a contested shipment of 123 tons of recycled nuclear waste from France to Germany.
Environmental activists unfurled to protest a shipment of 123 tons of nuclear waste from France to Germany.
' Kate Hudson is planning to move to England to be with her Muse rocker boyfriend Matt Bellamy.
Kate Hudson is planning to move to England to be with her boyfriend Matt Bellamy.
Prosecutors in Westmoreland County said they can prove a Greensburg woman was raped before she was killed, according to our newspaper partner The Tribune Review.
Prosecutors said they can prove a Greensburg woman was raped before she was killed.
Detectives investigating the murder of a grandfather found dead in Dundee have released CCTV images in a bid to trace a man who was seen in the area.
Detectives investigating the murder of a grandfather found have released CCTV images.
The former basketball star Dennis Rodman has told the North Korean leader, Kim Jong-un, ``you have a friend for life'', as the two men watched the Harlem Globetrotters and dined on sushi.
The star Dennis Rodman has told the North Korean leader, Kim Jong-un, you have a friend for life.
The British and US governments make a lot of noise about 'democracy' and 'stopping the violence', but the bullets killing us are made in the US.
The governments make, but the bullets killing are made in the US.
Apple shares hit a new all-time high on Friday as US stocks closed out the week with a second day of solid gains that put the Dow at its highest level since the last days of 2007.
Apple shares hit a new high.
``Anna Karenina,'' ``Life of Pi'' and ``Skyfall'' won the 17th Art Directors Guild Awards in a feature film on Saturday evening at the Beverly Hills Hotel.
Anna Karenina, Life of Pi won the Art Directors Guild Awards.
Brumbies keen to bounce back after loss Updated: 17:16, Tuesday March 20, 2012 The Brumbies will be looking to maintain their unbeaten 2012 Super Rugby record in Canberra against the undefeated Highlanders.
Brumbies keen to bounce back after loss Updated.
England lost to to Canada in a stuttered performance in their second pool match of the Edinburgh Sevens.
England lost to to Canada.
By IANS, (RxPG) Washington, March 14 - Overweight and obese women tend to develop more aggressive breast cancers with lower survival rates, according to a report in the latest issue of Clinical Cancer Research.
Washington - Overweight and obese women tend to develop more aggressive breast cancers.
Popular actress mercy Johnson has finally called off her planned wedding to Odianosen Okojie.
Popular actress mercy Johnson has finally called off her wedding.
Two young bicyclists collided with a car on Tuesday afternoon on Route 236, but all involved avoided serious injury.
Two bicyclists collided with a car.
THE second man claiming trial in the online vice ring case yesterday scrapped a last-minute bid to retrieve phone records, which he claimed showed that he had been friends with the underage escort.
THE man claiming in the online vice ring case scrapped a bid to retrieve phone records.
24 star Annie Wersching and actor/comedian husband Stephen Full are expecting their first child, they tell PEOPLE exclusively.
Annie Wersching / are expecting their first child.
The Coast Guard petty officer who saved singer Sean Kingston after his jet ski crash in Miami Beach last May is being honored with a medal for his actions Tuesday.
The Coast Guard petty officer who saved Sean Kingston is being honored.
WASHINGTON DFL Senate candidate Al Franken narrowly outraised Republican Sen. Norm Coleman over a recent seven-week period, but Coleman held a cash advantage heading into the final months of the campaign.
Al Franken narrowly outraised Norm Coleman.
Legendary actress and fitness guru, Jane Fonda has undergone surgery to replace her left knee.
Jane Fonda has undergone surgery.
Massimilian Porcello and Sebastian Freis scored a goal each Friday to help Karlsruher SC beat Arminia Bielefeld 2-1 and move into the upper half of the Bundesliga standings.
Karlsruher SC beat Arminia Bielefeld 2 1 and move into the half of the standings.
Two Israel Air Force pilots were killed when their helicopter crashed during a routine training flight Wednesday evening in northern Israel, the military confirmed.
Two Israel Air Force pilots were killed their helicopter crashed.
Indian Health Minister Anbumani Ramadoss on Tuesday launched a media campaign against passive smoking as part of efforts to increase awareness about rules banning smoking in public nationwide from Oct 2.
Anbumani Ramadoss launched a campaign against passive smoking.
HUMAN rights lawyers say the High Court missed an opportunity yesterday to strengthen and protect free speech in upholding parole conditions preventing Palm Island rioter Lex Wotton from speaking to the media and attending public meetings.
The High Court missed to strengthen free speech.
John Terry has reportedly been dropped as England captain following the revelations about his private life.
John Terry has reportedly been dropped as England captain.
President Michel Sleiman emphasized that Lebanon totally rejected the naturalization of the Palestinians, pursuant to the preamble of the Constitution.
Michel Sleiman emphasized Lebanon rejected the naturalization of the Palestinians.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has reiterated that US would continue to mount heavy pressure on Pakistan for positive role in war on terror, Geo News reported.
US would continue to mount pressure on Pakistan for positive role.
First, Kim Kardashian threatened to sue an anti-Kim K website and now she has done it.
Kim Kardashian threatened to sue an anti-Kim K website.
Actor Sean Penn has filed for legal separation from his wife of 13 years, Robin Wright Penn.
Sean Penn has filed for legal separation.
Michael Boley is expected to accept a five-year deal with the Giants worth roughly $25 million, with more than $10 million guaranteed.
Michael Boley is expected to accept a deal with the Giants.
Mar 28, 2012 - Georgia Bulldogs safety Bacarri Rambo and linebacker Alec Ogletree have been suspended multiple games for a violation of team rules, according to a report from DawgPost.com.
28, 2012 Georgia Bulldogs safety Bacarri Rambo and linebacker Alec Ogletree have been suspended multiple games.
Upscale retailer Neiman Marcus posted a quarterly loss on Wednesday, as sales suffered through the holiday season, and said it would be conservative in its outlook until consumer spending improves.
Neiman Marcus posted a loss.
A suspect who was involved in a police shooting earlier this month appeared in court Wednesday morning.
A suspect who was involved in a police shooting appeared in court.
The 'Vietnamese people give priority to consuming Vietnam-made goods' campaign launched by the Politburo is a favourable opportunity for the domestic enterprises to occupy the domestic market which has been encroached already by the foreign goods.
Goods ' campaign is a opportunity for the domestic enterprises to occupy the domestic market.
Cheryl Cole won't be renewing her vows with husband Ashley Cole, as the press incorrectly reported this week.
Cheryl Cole won't be renewing her vows.
Smurfit-Stone Container Corp. said Friday it would put 250 employees back to work beginning the first week of June as the company revs up the largest paper machine at its Frenchtown plant.
It would put 250 employees back to work.
Who is John Thain: an egregious, avaricious, self absorbed, effete idiot with an insatiable desire for money.
Who is John Thain.
The winter storm warning that was issued Tuesday for Chenango and surrounding counties was canceled early this morning.
The winter storm warning was canceled.
Prudential Financial Inc , the second-largest life insurer in the United States, on Tuesday raised its annual dividend by 26 percent, two weeks after its closest competitor was blocked from raising its own payout.
Prudential Financial Inc raised its dividend by 26 percent.
GIANFRANCO ZOLA claims Manchester City star Mario Balotelli acts crazy in an attempt to ``feel normal''.
GIANFRANCO ZOLA claims Mario Balotelli acts crazy in an attempt to feel normal.
Jimmy, 79, who still lives in Rosehill, has awarded an MBE for his services to football and charity.
Jimmy, has awarded an MBE.
Montreal Impact goalkeeper, Matt Jordan retires after a 13-year career in professional soccer.
Montreal Impact goalkeeper, Matt Jordan retires.
Habitat has been sold to Hilco in a deal that will see chief executive Mark Saunders remain in his position.
Habitat has been sold to Hilco.
During his stay in Delhi, he held extensive discussions with the Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh and other Indian leaders and assured New Delhi of a political settlement of minorities and quicker rehabilitation of displaced Tamils in the island nation.
He held and assured of a settlement of minorities and quicker rehabilitation of displaced Tamils.
Comedian Katt Williams was briefly detained by police in California on Thursday after he was caught carrying marijuana.
Katt Williams was detained by police.
A VILLAGE primary school near Winchcombe is top of the class after being deemed ``outstanding'' by officials from the Office for Standards in Education.
A VILLAGE school is top of the class.
The Darksiders 2 release date has a two-month stay of execution, from June to August, due to a delay that effects the game on all platforms, the Xbox 360, PS3 and PC.
The Darksiders 2 release date has due to a delay.
Commonwealth Bank of Australia joined rival National Australia Bank in warning that the global economic turmoil was hitting customer confidence and may push funding costs higher, but said it was well positioned to ride the storm.
The economic turmoil was hitting customer confidence.
It's interesting that Bob Gibbs is criticizing an effort that he helped produce.
Bob Gibbs is criticizing an effort he helped produce.
A decree issued by Nicosia District Court to freeze the assets of Andreas Vgenopoulos, Efthymios Bouloutas, Kyriacos Mageiras and Marfin Investment Group Holdings can be executed abroad, Justice Minister Ionas Nicolaou said yesterday.
A decree can be executed abroad.
The Muthoot Group, an M. George enterprise with 16 business verticals and over 1,100 branches, is planning to double its total turnover to Rs.40,000 crore during the financial year 2009-10.
The Muthoot Group is planning to double its turnover.
Tyra Banks has split from her boyfriend and has gone on a ``spiritual trip'' to Bali to get over the break-up.
Tyra Banks has split from her boyfriend.
Five people, including two children, were killed when a single-engine plane crashed in central Texas and authorities say weather may have played a role in the crash.
Five people were killed a plane crashed in central Texas.
Cole Hamels was suspended 5 games by Major League Baseball for intentionally hitting Bryce Harper.
Cole Hamels was suspended 5 games.
Less than a month after earning the NBA's Eastern Conference Coach of the Month award, the Nets announced Thursday afternoon that they have fired coach Avery Johnson.
The Nets have fired coach Avery Johnson.
Software pioneer John McAfee is under arrest in Guatemala.
John McAfee is under arrest in Guatemala.
Toyota Motor Corp has extended broad US sales incentives by a month and widened a maintenance program as the automaker tries to continue a sales rebound in the wake of safety recalls.
Toyota Motor Corp has extended US sales incentives.
Israel was elected to handle the Chairmanship of the Kimberley Process from 2010, at the latest meeting of the KP in Namibia on November 5, 2009.
Israel was elected to handle the Chairmanship of the Kimberley Process from 2010, at the meeting of the KP.
Faurecia is expanding its manufacturing in Michigan after winning the business to supply interior modules for the 2013 Cadillac ATS.
Faurecia is expanding in Michigan.
Total deposits with authorised institutions rose 0.3% in April, with Hong Kong dollar deposits up 0.8% as the expansion in savings deposits exceeded the contraction in demand and time deposits, the Monetary Authority says.
Total deposits rose 0.3%.
Rivers mistaken for illegal immigrant Updated: 19:47, Saturday November 17, 2012 UK border patrol officers swooped on a fishing boat suspected of carrying illegal immigrants, only to find US comedian Joan Rivers disembarking.
Rivers mistaken for illegal immigrant Updated.
The Louisiana Offshore Oil Port, which handles 13 percent of foreign crude oil coming into the United States, said on Wednesday it believes it has adequate backup power generation to restart deliveries and meet anticipated demand from refiners after Hurricane Isaac.
The Louisiana Offshore Oil Port believes it has adequate power generation to restart and meet demand.
A man was killed while fixing his car in a driveway on Tuesday morning.
A man was killed while fixing his car in a driveway.
Civilian flaggers are replacing cops on construction sites.
Flaggers are replacing cops.
A parasitic worm may hold the key to keeping skin grafts and plasters firmly in place over wounds, according to a new study.
A parasitic worm may hold the key to keeping skin grafts in place.
The Bulldogs of Winslow High split their weekend contests on the court, defeating Flagstaff and falling to Monument Valley, leaving them with an 11-12 record on the season.
The Bulldogs split, defeating Flagstaff and falling to Monument Valley.
Fiat SpA CEO Sergio Marchionne met with Opel union leaders in Frankfurt yesterday, a day before the German government's deadline for bids to invest in or acquire General Motors Corp.'s embattled European unit.
Sergio Marchionne met with Opel union leaders.
Annette Bening was forced to pull out of her Los Angeles play MEDEA on Wednesday night due to ``a family medical emergency.''
Annette Bening was forced to pull play due to a family medical emergency.
Michael Ballack says he is focused on Euro 2008 after the heartbreak of losing the Champions League final.
Michael Ballack is focused on Euro 2008.
US President Barack Obama has formally ordered a drawdown of $US25 million in urgent, non-lethal American aid to Libyan rebels fighting Muammar Gaddafi.
Barack Obama has ordered in, non-lethal aid to Libyan rebels.
The Federal Reserve is likely to leave interest rates at a record low as it focuses on continuing the US economy's recovery and lowering double-digit employment, according to the Associated Press.
The Federal Reserve is likely to leave rates at a low.
Company informs the users that a new laboratory team has been recruited for the tool to recover corrupt Excel spreadsheet.
A new laboratory team has been recruited for the tool to recover corrupt Excel spreadsheet.
Slugger Ryan Howard became the fastest player to reach 200 career home runs, powering his red hot Philadelphia Phillies to a 4-0 road win against the Florida Marlins on Thursday.
Ryan Howard became the fastest player to reach 200 home runs.
Red Bull have been forced to make changes to their car this weekend after question marks surfaced concerning the legality of its wheel hubs.
Red Bull have been forced to make changes.
MiMedx Group Inc., a Kennesaw-based biomedical research and manufacturing company, is moving its corporate headquarters to Marietta, the company disclosed in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
MiMedx Group Inc. is moving its headquarters to Marietta.
Sen. Edward Moore Kennedy, the Liberal lion of the Senate has died, he was 77 years old.
Sen. Edward Moore Kennedy, has died.
This past August, I wrote a letter to the chair of my department explaining why I am no longer willing to teach US military history.
Why I am no longer willing to teach US military history.
The US embassy in Colombo was closed temporarily Wednesday after a suspicious powder was detected there, the embassy said in a statement, reported dpa.
The embassy in Colombo was closed after a suspicious powder was detected there.
Zanesville is accepting coaching applications for the following middle school positions: seventh- and eighth-grade volleyball, girls basketball and boys blue and white basketball.
Zanesville is accepting coaching applications.
Mississippi RiverKings head coach Kevin McClelland has resigned from his position as director of player operations and head coach after three seasons, according to team owner Maddox Hockey Inc.
Mississippi RiverKings coach Kevin McClelland has resigned.
On March 5, the Chilean Constitutional Court decided to review the constitutionality of the patent linkage bill currently being discussed in the Chilean Congress.
The Chilean Constitutional Court decided to review the constitutionality of the patent linkage bill.
Hexagon Metrology has delivered the 1000th DEA GLOBAL 7.10.7 co-ordinate measuring machines, made in Turin, Italy, has been delivered to Hirschvogel Umformtechnik GmbH in Denklingen, Germany.
Hexagon Metrology has delivered the 1000th DEA GLOBAL 7.10.7 machines.
Iran released a French embassy employee on Tuesday but still kept detaining a young French academic, who are both on charges related to post-election protests in Iran, French President Nicolas Sarkzoy's office said in a statement, Xinhua reported.
Iran released a French embassy employee.
First, let me use a quote from ``V for Vendetta'': ``People should not fear their government; their government should fear the people.''
People should not fear their government.
A family of four in New Hampshire is trying to spend just $1,500 for their groceries, household items and personal care expenses for an entire year and detail their attempt in a blog.
A family of four is trying.
More money may be needed for a Sutter County museum expansion in the face of its belt-tightening.
More money may be needed for a Sutter County museum expansion.
A HUNTINGDON drug dealer who was caught with cocaine with a street value of more than £55,000 has been jailed.
A HUNTINGDON drug dealer has been jailed.
A Castle Rock man was arrested Wednesday night in possession of drugs, guns and counterfeit money following a traffic stop at the Morgan-Weld County line on Interstate 76.
A Castle Rock man was arrested.
'Gori tera gaon bada pyara, Mein toh gaya maara, Aake yaahan re....' The voice that has enthralled generations and soothed a million souls, including Oscar winner AR Rahman, belongs to the legendary KJ Yesudas, who turned 70 Sunday.
The voice has belongs to the legendary KJ Yesudas, who turned 70.
Qatar Airways is to launch flights to the southern Chinese industrial port city of Guangzhou from the start of the summer flying season.
Qatar Airways is to launch flights to the city of Guangzhou.
The CW has picked up One Tree Hill and Nikita for additional seasons of programming!
The CW has picked up One Tree Hill and Nikita.
Arizona wildfires continue to spread unabated as officials say the Wallow fire has moved through the town of Greer, but there is hope some progress to contain the fire will be made today.
Arizona wildfires continue to spread.
The uncontrolled, environmentally and politically toxic oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico is now lapping at the White House.
The oil spill is now lapping at the White House.
A man was injured in a logging accident Friday in North Utica, fire officials said.
A man was injured in a logging accident.
A couple was robbed at knife point in the Side Hill area on Monday morning.
A couple was robbed at knife point.
RHG, the former Rams Home Loans Group, has upgraded its profit forecast to between $86 million and $96 million, due to a contingent income tax asset.
RHG has upgraded its profit forecast.
After winning two nomination at the the Annual Academy Awards this year, Rahman's 'If I Rise' in Danny Boyle's 127 Hours has now been nominated for the World Soundtrack Awards in 'Best original song written directly for a film' category.
Rahman If I Rise has been nominated for the World Soundtrack Awards.
Xtreme Coil Drilling Corp. announces executive appointments recently approved by the board of directors and effective January 12, 2009.
Xtreme Coil Drilling Corp. announces executive appointments.
Idaho released new economic and tax revenue forecasts, but state officials say there's no telling if these numbers will weather the test of time, especially given this week's stock-market turbulence that followed a downgrade of the nation's debt rating.
Idaho released new economic and tax revenue forecasts.
British singer Amy Winehouse will re-marry her ex-husband Blake Fielder Civil next year, according to her former mother-in-law.
Amy Winehouse will re-marry her Blake Fielder Civil.
Like many parents, Jillian Smath of Greenacres is focusing on function when back-to-school shopping for her daughters, 7-year-old Emily and 5-year-old Marlee, this year.
Back to school shopping.
Brussels shares were lower at the close tracking Wall Street, with Agfa-Gevaert leading the decliners and brewer Inbev among the sharpest fallers amid fresh rumours that it is preparing a bid for Anheuser-Busch.
Brussels shares were at the close tracking Wall Street.
STRONG winds and rain caused minor transport problems around Shanghai yesterday but the forecast calls for warm weather this week with intermittent showers.
Winds and rain caused minor transport problems.
Portico Systems, the leader in Integrated Provider Management solutions, announced today that it has been named to the 2008 Philadelphia 100® list of the fastest growing, privately held companies in the Philadelphia region.
Portico Systems has been named to the 2008 Philadelphia 100 list.
``'The Situation' To Live With Sober Coach On 'Jersey Shore,''' reads the headline of an ``exclusive'' from HollywoodLife.
The Situation To Live With Sober Coach On ' Jersey Shore, reads.
Reliance could probably move on the upside, the entire structure has been positive.
Reliance could move on the upside.
Police are investigating a double fatality in Genoa this morning that claimed the life of a woman and a child.
Police are investigating a fatality in Genoa.
Troubled Britney Spears's desperate parents have been trying to get her committed into a mental hospital for months, it was reported last night.
Troubled Britney Spears's parents have been trying to get her committed into a hospital for months.
August 16, 2011 President Obama on Monday was confronted by tea party activists after his town-hall meeting in Decorah, Iowa, USA Today reports.
August 16, Obama was confronted by tea party activists.
New York's Statue of Liberty is to close for a year at the end of October for a $27.25 million renovation designed to make the interior safer and more accessible.
New York's Statue of Liberty is to close for a year.
Intel's another legend Craig Barrett intends to retire from active management and his role as chairman and member of the board of directors in May at the company's annual stockholders' meeting.
Intel's another legend Craig Barrett intends to retire in May.
A 34-year-old South Boston man pleaded guilty last Thursday in Halifax County Circuit Court to six charges, including abduction, domestic assault and battery and reckless handling of a firearm.
A South Boston man pleaded guilty to six charges, including abduction, assault and battery.
Stearns County Auditor-Treasurer, Randy Schreifels, has announced the new Stearns County congressional and legislative districts.
Auditor-Treasurer has announced the new Stearns County congressional and legislative districts.
The Taj Mahal will collapse in five years if urgent action is not taken to set its dilapidated foundations right, according to campaigners.
The Taj Mahal will collapse in five years.
A caregiver has been found guilty of assaulting two young boys, and acquitted on two charges of assault with a weapon, but faces possible retrial on another 10 child abuse charges.
A caregiver has been found guilty of assaulting.
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports today that Washington University is raising undergraduate tuition by about five percent.
Washington University is raising undergraduate tuition.
In response to the current global financial turmoil, the Bank of Japan will discuss its current economic growth forecast to decide whether or not it should be revised to include a downward trend.
The Bank of Japan will discuss its growth forecast.
``It would be difficult for me to say whether it's more of a happiness or a relief that I am back but I would like to make full use of the opportunities available. Not many people get a chance to represent the country and I have been fortunate enough to do that and, God willing, would like to represent my nation for a long time,'' said Pathan.
It's but I would like to make full use of the opportunities.
It has been reported that the volume of merger and acquisition activity in South Africa slumped about 65% during the first six months of the year, with the resources industries continuing to dominate deals by value, data released Tuesday by mergermarket showed.
The volume of merger and acquisition activity in South Africa slumped about 65%.
HTC has released an update for the system software on the unlocked version of the Touch Pro. This is not a tremendously significant update, but takes care of a number of small bugs in this Windows Mobile smartphone.
HTC has released an update for the system software.
The Josephine County sheriff's office says a 13-year-old girl escaped from a kidnapper by jumping from his pickup truck.
A girl escaped by jumping from his pickup truck.
Water Front City, a gated township, was inaugurated by Information \u0026 Public Relations Minister J Geetha Reddy at Genome Valley, near Shamirpet, on the city's outskirts today.
Water Front City, a township, was inaugurated.
Underage drinkers will be targeted as part of a new community safety initiative launched today.
Underage drinkers will be targeted.
The Saudi women driving ban may end if Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has anything to say about it.
The Saudi women driving ban may end.
John Riccitiello has confirmed in a recent conference call that Rock Band will be coming to the Wii.
Rock Band will be coming to the Wii.
Cholera is surging again in parts of the world, a World Health Organization expert said Thursday, pointing to epidemics in Nigeria and Cameroon.
Cholera is surging in parts of the world.
People in the Republic feel better off than those in Northern Ireland and live longer, a new study says.
People in the Republic feel better.
David Cameron is launching the Tory party general election manifesto plans alongside an aggressive campaign to seize an early lead with voters in marginal constituencies.
David Cameron is launching the Tory party general election manifesto plans.
As part of the marketing campaign that included a new TV commercial which ran after Sunday Night Football, the Nashville Predators have announced that ``Smashville'' is back.
The Nashville Predators have announced Smashville is back.
Oil prices dropped below $129 a barrel Tuesday, falling sharply on a growing sense that soaring gas and oil prices have cut demand for fuel during the normally busy summer driving season.
Oil prices dropped below $ 129 a barrel.
US astronomers have discovered 18 new planets, all of them Jupiter-size gas giants that may help shed more light on the origin of the Universe, media reports said on Monday.
Astronomers have discovered 18 new planets.
Civil society members Padma Ratna Tuladhar, Daman Nath Dhungana and Bidhyadhar Mallik met Nepali Congress President Sushil Koirala today.
Civil society members, met Sushil Koirala.
The Texas Rangers got their first Hispanic chief in the law enforcement agency's 172-year history.
The Texas Rangers got their first Hispanic chief.
Tim Thomas made 30 saves, Phil Kessel and Peter Schaefer each had a goal and an assist and the Bruins eliminated Toronto from playoff contention with a 4-2 win last night.
Tim Thomas made, and the Bruins eliminated Toronto from playoff contention.
ROBBERS escaped with electrical equipment after forcing their way into a Batchley property and threatened the occupants.
ROBBERS escaped after forcing their way into a Batchley property.
An independent fact finder has recommended that Chicago teachers receive a 14.85 percent raise to ``compensate teachers for working a longer school day and year,'' a union official union said Monday.
Chicago teachers receive a raise.
Seekonk Police are investigating an overnight rollover at McDonald's on Route 114-A.
Police are investigating an rollover at McDonald 's.
RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav on Tuesday alleged that Karnataka's mining baron Reddy brothers paid huge money as bribe to BJP leaders and demanded a thorough probe into the issue by a parliamentary panel.
Reddy brothers paid as bribe to BJP leaders.
A BBC journalist arrested by Egyptian police in Cairo has been released, the corporation said on Tuesday.
A BBC journalist arrested by Egyptian police has been released.
Russian punk rock group Pussy Riot were found guilty of hooliganism Friday morning.
Pussy Riot were found guilty.
US markets were to remain closed for a second day Tuesday.
US markets were to remain closed for a day Tuesday.
SAMSUNG has unveiled new Android and Windows-powered touchscreen devices at the IFA trade show in Berlin.
SAMSUNG has unveiled new Android.
Oil prices hovered below $95 a barrel today in Asia as a stronger US dollar made crude more expensive for investors with other currencies.
Oil prices hovered below $ 95 as a stronger US dollar.
Students at Churchland High are designing a special athletic robot to participate in the regional FIRST Robotics Competition.
Students are designing a athletic robot to participate in the FIRST Robotics Competition.
Government-owned BEML Ltd said on Friday that it would serve a defamation notice on VK Singh, who retired as the chief of army staff a day earlier.
BEML Ltd would serve a defamation notice on VK Singh.
Businessman Sean Quinn has been spared jail after being found guilty of contempt on Tuesday after hiding €500 million property portfolio from the former Anglo Irish Bank.
Sean Quinn has been spared jail.
Elvis to make virtual comeback Updated: 06:09, Sunday June 10, 2012 The legendary king of rock 'n' roll is to be 'virtually resurrected' for modern audiences - following in the footsteps of the late rapper Tupac Shakur.
Elvis to make virtual comeback Updated, is.
Ryanair has launched its 2013 Summer schedule with three new routes being introduced to and from Gothenburg, Liverpool and Milan.
Ryanair has launched its 2013 Summer schedule.
Spiritual leader Sri Sri Ravi Shankar has said law alone is not sufficient to curb corruption and a moral and spiritual wave has to be created to tackle the menace.
Law alone is not sufficient to curb corruption.
At least 50 poultry farmers from across the country, on Sunday, held a one-day consultative forum on the way forward for the development of the poultry industry in The Gambia at a ceremony held at the Wellingara agricultural centre.
At least 50 poultry farmers held a consultative forum.
LOS ANGELES, Nov 10 Former CNN news anchor Lou Dobbs has joined the Fox Business Network and will host and develop a daily television show starting in 2011, Fox said on Wednesday.
Lou Dobbs has joined the Fox Business Network.
Brit rapper Dizzee Rascal, real name Dylan Kwabena Mills, has revealed that he threatened to punch Prince Harry in the face after his performance at Hyde Parks Wireless Festival.
Dizzee Rascal threatened to punch Prince Harry in the face.
Researchers from Poland have reported that statins may reduce the effectiveness of Rituxan® in treatment of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Statins may reduce the effectiveness of Rituxan ® in treatment of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Former Gujarat minister Amit Shah, arrested by CBI in July in connection with the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case, today moved the high court for bail after it was rejected by a special court last week.
Former Gujarat minister Amit Shah today moved the high court for bail.
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has warned the opposition to distance itself from the country's Western 'enemies'.
Iran's Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has warned the opposition.
Authorities say a 61-year-old Natchez man was apparently beaten to death with his own cane during a botched robbery.
A Natchez man was beaten to death with his cane.
Philip Roth, giant of American letters, has won the 2011 Man Booker International award.
Philip Roth has won the 2011 Man Booker International award.
The ringgit eased against the US dollar at close today as market players remained on the sidelines on anticipation of further stimulus from the Eurozone, dealers said.
The ringgit eased against the US dollar at close today.
Flat Rock Playhouse presents ``Guys and Dolls,'' through Aug. 19 at Playhouse Mainstage, 2661 Greenville Highway, Flat Rock, NC
Flat Rock Playhouse presents Guys and Dolls.
The 18-unit apartment in City Heights at 3666-3670 43rd St., San Diego 92105, has been sold for $1,575,000.
The apartment in City Heights at 43rd St. has been sold.
A special campaign for revising the voters list will be held in Kochi on Saturday and Sunday.
A special campaign for revising the voters list will be held.
Actor Ram Kapoor denies reports that he will quit ``Bade Achhe Lagte Hain'' and adds that he will be associated with it till the last episode.
Ram Kapoor will quit Bade Achhe Lagte Hain.
Windows Phone 8 handset release date in US has finally been revealed.
Windows Phone 8 handset release date has been revealed.
Andor Technology, the Belfast-based camera maker, saw its pre-tax profits rise by 22% in the six months to March.
Andor Technology saw its pre-tax profits rise by 22%.
A Japanese man who was mystified when food kept disappearing from his kitchen set up a hidden camera and found an unknown woman living secretly in his closet, Japanese media said yesterday.
A Japanese man set up and found an woman living in his closet.
One lucky little Chihuahua made a miraculous recovery after she was stepped on by her best friend, Clydesdale horse weighing 900 kilos.
One Chihuahua made a miraculous recovery.
El Paso police are investigating a possible shooting death at a hotel in West El Paso, emergency dispatchers reported.
El Paso police are investigating a possible shooting death.
MinuteHound has just released a new way for organizations of all sizes to digitally store important employee attendance records online using cloud based technology.
MinuteHound has released a new way for organizations to digitally store employee attendance records.
A Conroe-area woman died Monday afternoon on Crighton Road when her 2003 Ford pickup hit a tree.
A woman died when her 2003 pickup hit a tree.
Pune will host the inaugural Lokmat Maharashtra Cricket Championship T20 event, an IPL style cricket tournament in November this year.
Pune will host the Lokmat Maharashtra Cricket Championship T20 event.
Manitoba will ban new hog barns and expansions in the eastern half of the province, where the industry is most concentrated, its conservation minister said on Monday.
Manitoba will ban new hog barns in the half of the province.
The Taliban have threatened to kill Imran Khan if he holds a planned march to their tribal stronghold to protest US drone attacks.
The Taliban have threatened to kill Imran Khan.
An apartment fire kills two brothers while a neighbor is able to save the third.
An fire kills two brothers.
Hazel Blears has opened a new constituency office in the heart of Salford.
Hazel Blears has opened a new constituency office.
Comedian Russell Brand has been charged with criminal damage after he allegedly threw a paparazzo's iPhone through a window.
Russell Brand has been charged with criminal damage.
British singer Petula Clark turned down a randy Elvis Presley when she realised he wanted to be ``more than friends''.
Singer Petula Clark turned down a Elvis Presley.
Hamilton Sundstrand Corporation has been selected by C\u0026D Zodiac, the cabin interior supplier for the CSeries aircraft, to supply the interior lighting system for the Bombardier CSeries aircraft, Hamilton Sundstrand announced on Wednesday.
Hamilton Sundstrand Corporation has been selected to supply the interior lighting system for the Bombardier CSeries aircraft.
25/01/12 MELBOURNE, Reigning Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova overcame tenacious Italian Sara Errani in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the Australian Open on Wednesday.
Petra Kvitova overcame to reach the semi-finals of the Australian Open.
Michael Walchhofer of Austria won a World Cup downhill Saturday and teammate Ivica Kostelic clinched the overall title.
Michael Walchhofer won a World Cup downhill.
GoldandBlack.com is reporting that Purdue football has received a verbal commitment from a junior college running back.
Purdue football has received a commitment.
A Manlius accountant admitted in Onondaga County Court today to stealing more than $1 million from clients.
A Manlius accountant admitted to stealing more than $ 1 million.
A Separation star Peyman Moaadi is set to join Kristen Stewart in the upcoming Camp X-Ray, The Wrap reports.
A star Peyman Moaadi is set to join Kristen Stewart in the Camp X-Ray.
More from The Michigan Messenger Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney raised more money in Michigan between April and June than did President Barack Obama.
More from The Mitt Romney raised money in Michigan did Barack Obama.
To celebrate the importance of books and reading, Scholastic is launching You Are What You Read, a social networking site for readers around the world.
Scholastic is launching You Are, a social networking site.
Morgan Stanley has expanded its structured product range with the launch of four structured products.
Morgan Stanley has expanded with the launch of four structured products.
He came to bury his nephew, not to praise him.
He came to bury, not to praise.
The WWE is missing a great opportunity with Bret Hart through no fault of their own.
The WWE is missing a opportunity with Bret Hart.
Gold and silver prices advanced further in India as stockists and jewelers began brisk buying in line with improved global situation.
Gold prices advanced began brisk buying.
North and south Sudan on Wednesday agreed to create a demilitarized zone along the border just a week before the country is to split up.
North and south Sudan agreed to create a demilitarized zone.
A FURIOUS Teesside MP has blasted a peer who is backing plans for a wind farm on his land, saying he is treating residents like ``medieval serfs''.
A MP has blasted a peer who is backing plans for a wind farm.
Companies in the US private sector added 32,000 jobs in April, according to the ADP employment report released Wednesday.
Companies in the private sector added 32,000 jobs in April.
``Chennai is home away from home because I shot for my Tamil debut here a few years back and I'm really excited to be back.
Chennai is home away from home.
Hurricane Sandy is barrelling towards the Bahamas as a powerful category two storm after battering Jamaica, Haiti and Cuba, claiming three lives so far.
Hurricane Sandy is barrelling towards the Bahamas.
India on Saturday unexpectedly cut its main short-term lending rate and banks' reserve requirements to ease a growing cash squeeze, spur faltering economic growth and fend off damage from the global financial crisis.
India cut its rate to ease a cash squeeze.
Wall Street headed for a sharply lower open Friday as efforts to approve a $700 billion financial bailout unraveled and Washington Mutual Inc. was seized by federal regulators in the largest failure ever of a US bank.
Wall Street headed for a sharply lower open Friday.
European shares turned negative in morning trade on Monday as financials gave up early gains, with concerns about global economic growth weighing on market sentiment.
European shares turned negative.
Melbourne, Dec 7 Former Australian captain Steve Waugh and co-author of the Argus report feels that pacemen are not spending enough time in the nets and further opined richly talented but inexperienced bowlers like Cummins are being promoted before their bodies are properly prepared.
Pacemen are not spending enough time in the nets.
R\u0026B singer Keyshia Cole has married boyfriend Daniel Gibson over the weekend in a secret ceremony.
Keyshia Cole has married Daniel Gibson over the weekend.
Ohio rockers Heartless Bastards come to Nashville to play Exit/In Tuesday, Aug. 18.
Heartless Bastards come to play Exit, Aug. 18.
Swedish melodic metal act Bloodbound has announced its signing with Germany's AFM Records.
Bloodbound has announced its signing with Germany's AFM Records.
Lindsay Lohan owes the IRS $93,701.57 in back taxes from 2009, but the real take home may be:
Lindsay Lohan owes the IRS.
An Ontario driver died following a single-vehicle crash in northwestern New Brunswick on Saturday night.
An Ontario driver died following a crash in northwestern New Brunswick.
How safe are our web servers that host key information pertaining to results related to various entrance examinations in the State?
How safe are our web servers.
Verizon is keeping an unlimited data plan for its first LTE phone.
Verizon is keeping an unlimited data plan.
Electronic components firm TT electronics said it would axe 700 jobs this year from its global operations, including the UK, although there was no immediate breakdown of how many would be cut in this country.
Electronics said TT would axe 700 jobs.
Initial investigation suggested that ``foreign substance'' was attached to an Israeli embassy car leading to the explosion in the vehicle, government said on Monday night.
Foreign substance was attached to an car.
An Indian Army soldier has been found guilty of molesting an Assamese girl after his trial on Friday.
An Army soldier has been found guilty of molesting an Assamese girl.
Azealia Banks has pulled her new single 'Esta Noche' after a row with the song's producer on Twitter.
Azealia Banks has pulled her new single Esta Noche after a row with the song's producer.
And men who drank only wine, and less than half a glass of it a day, lived around 2.5 years longer than those who drank beer and spirits, and almost five years longer than those who drank no alcohol at all.
And men who drank wine lived longer.
Wexford are searching for a new hurling manager following confirmation that John Meyler is not being considered for another year in the job.
Wexford are searching for a new hurling manager.
ITV has taken full control of the breakfast TV broadcaster GMTV, buying the 25% share it did not already own from Disney for £22.25m.
ITV has taken full control of the breakfast TV broadcaster GMTV.
Russian dairy, beverages and baby foods producer, Wimm-Bill-Dann, has posted a 1H 2010 net Income of $69.5 million under US GAAP.
Producer, Wimm-Bill-Dann, has posted a 1H 2010 net Income of $ 69.5 million.
The Memphis Grizzlies have announced they've re-signed center Hamed Haddadi.
The Memphis Grizzlies 've re-signed Hamed Haddadi.
Bills running back Marshawn Lynch says he expects to be suspended by the NFL for his latest run-in with the law and he's got the message that the league ``won't tolerate any more screw-ups'' from him.
Bills says Marshawn Lynch expects to be suspended by the NFL and he's got.
Borders this week will open its second so-called ``concept store'' designed to revive flagging sales by broadening its selection of digital items and Blu-ray discs.
Borders this week will open its second concept store.
A US court has heard, celebrity model Anna Nicole Smith was addicted to prescription drugs and her psychiatrist should have known it.
Celebrity model Anna Nicole Smith was addicted.
LLL of Orange County, a breast-feeding support group, meets on the second Thursday of each month.
LLL meets on the Thursday.
The Broncos put the team in pads for the first time in this training camp for Saturday morning's workout.
The Broncos put in pads for the first time in this training camp.
In a ceremony full of pomp and pageantry dating back over 500 years, Queen Elizabeth II opened the UK Parliament for the new session by delivering a speech on the government's upcoming agenda to members of both the House of Lords and the House of Commons.
Queen Elizabeth II opened the Parliament.
Stock markets surged Tuesday on Wall Street after the Bank of Japan trimmed its lending rate and a report showed non-manufacturing business activity rising.
Stock markets surged Tuesday.
Kesha has revealed she is bisexual.
Kesha is bisexual.
My eyes widened when I heard that because it never occurred to me that Facebook is stupid.
Facebook is stupid.
Newport News police have charged a 25-year-old man with having pirated films, including one that was in theaters when police pulled him over on a traffic stop.
Newport News police have charged a man with having pirated films.
``I don't bite my nails, but I rip out my eyelashes,'' she tells the New York Daily News.
I don't bite, but I rip out my eyelashes.
St. Louis police are investigating arsons at two churches and looking into a church van fire.
St. Louis police are investigating arsons.
Iowa offensive coordinator Ken O'Keefe has left the program for another job, the school announced Friday.
Iowa offensive coordinator Ken O'Keefe has left.
Film star Mel Gibson crashed his Maserati sports car into a hillside, police confirmed today.
Mel Gibson crashed his sports car.
The Indian rupee fell by 12 paise to Rs 51.32 per US dollar in early trade on Monday, weighed down by gains posted by the American currency against other Asian peers overseas amid a weak trend in the domestic equity market.
The rupee fell by 12 paise to Rs 51.32 per US dollar.
A 34-year-old Patea man made a brief appearance in Hawera District Court yesterday charged with murder following the fatal bashing of Paul Kumeroa in Wanganui in September.
A Patea man made charged with murder.
Newspaper publisher McClatchy Co said on Monday that it would cut its work force by about 10 percent as part of a restructuring plan to deal with a damaging drop in advertising revenue.
McClatchy Co would cut its work force by about 10 percent.
A pit bull that bit a Wheeling Island man and woman in July is scheduled to be euthanized Thursday.
A pit bull is scheduled to be euthanized Thursday.
Finland's Nokia Corp., the world's largest handset maker, said Tuesday it is launching three new mobile phones, intended to offer strong messaging and social networking tools at an affordable price.
Finland's Nokia Corp. is launching three new mobile phones.
Prime Minister the Right Honourable Perry G. Christie travels this afternoon to New York City and along the Premier of Bermuda will speak tomorrow at the christening of Norwegian Cruise Lines new cruise ship ``Breakaway''.
Prime Minister travels to New York City.
The LandTrust for Central North Carolina is hosting a nature walk at Eagle Point Park and Preserve in Rowan County on Sunday, Oct. 18th, at 2 pm The walk will feature interactive hands-on animal and plant exhibits targeted toward children and their parents.
The LandTrust is hosting a nature walk at Eagle Point Park.
President and CEO of Richard Calder buys 2,000 shares of GTLT on 06/14/2011 at an average price of $1.1 a share.
President and CEO of Richard Calder buys 2,000 shares.
NIGER Delta Development Commission, has reiterated its position that its financial records are intact.
Its financial records are intact.
Truck Bryant broke out of a slump by scoring 24 points, West Virginia took command early in the second half and beat No. 8 Notre Dame 72-58 on Saturday, ending the Irish's seven-game winning streak.
West Virginia took and beat No. 8 Notre Dame 72 58.
13,200 Girl Scout cookie boxes have been destroyed and dumped in a local landfill, sparking strong backlash by some who believe the organization could have been more charitable with the left-over cookies than so wasteful.
13,200 Girl Scout cookie boxes have been destroyed.
As the 2012 draft approaches, there's increasing buzz that Alabama cornerback Dre Kirkpatrick is ``dropping'' on draft boards.
Dre Kirkpatrick is dropping on draft boards.
Snooki was reportedly taken into custody today in Florence, Italy, after the vehicle she was driving crashed into a POLICE CAR!
Snooki was taken into custody she was driving crashed into a POLICE CAR.
Former Vice President Jusuf Kalla said Saturday that Islamic boarding schools, known as pesantren, should teach entrepreneurship to students to boost their skill sets, local media reported.
Schools, known as pesantren, should teach entrepreneurship.
Less than two weeks after the world watched him get married in Westminster Abbey, Prince William has saved a retired Hong Kong High Court judge who suffered a heart attack while out walking in Snowdonia.
Prince William has saved a judge who suffered a heart attack.
A former Louisiana wildlife official pleaded not guilty Thursday to charges he took payoffs from a landfill company owner's businesses for his work in trying to keep a rival landfill closed.
A former official pleaded not guilty to charges he took payoffs.
Korean handset maker Pantech is planning to launch Siriusα smartphone, Pantech-au IS06 model in Japan through mobile operator KDDI.
Pantech is planning to launch Siriusα smartphone, in Japan through KDDI.
Agoura Hills resident Nita Lawson, left, Los Angeles resident Michael Robinson, Santa Monica resident Brad Nelson and Carpinteria resident Susan Robbins take a close look at President Abraham Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation, which was on display at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library earlier this week in Simi Valley.
President Abraham Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation was on display in Simi Valley.
Waugh paid tribute to Tuqiri as the axed Wallaby winger confirmed from a Brisbane hideaway that a return to rugby league was a definite option in his future, along with overseas rugby.
Waugh paid tribute to Tuqiri.
A woman called the Call for Action team after a mysterious phone bill kept showing up every money.
A woman called the Call for Action team after a mysterious phone bill.
Astronauts from the US space shuttle Discovery late Saturday concluded a third and final spacewalk of their mission, installing new equipment on the International Space Station, but failing to connect some of the cables.
Astronauts concluded a third and final spacewalk.
Toys R Us has announced its top toys for this Christmas, with High School Musical, Hannah Montana, Ben 10, In The Night Garden and Nintendo Wii expected to be topping Christmas wish lists this year.
Toys R Us has announced its top toys for this Christmas.
Adolf Hitler was a secret cocaine user Updated: 13:54, Saturday May 5, 2012 Newly released medical documents show Nazi leader Adolf Hitler regularly snorted cocaine.
Adolf Hitler was a secret cocaine user 13:54.
Sanya Richards has sent a clear warning to her rivals that she is in the best shape of her life ahead of next month's 400metres title bid in Beijing.
Sanya Richards has sent a warning.
US Senator Richard Burr officially filed his reelection paperwork to the North Carolina State Board of Elections this morning.
Richard Burr filed his reelection paperwork.
The US Environmental Protection Agency today announced that the University of Florida at Gainesville, Florida won first prize among large institutions in the Agency's first Campus RainWorks Challenge.
The University of Florida at Gainesville, Florida won first prize.
A Waltham fertility pharmacy has issued a voluntary recall on some of its products, according to FOX 25.
A Waltham fertility pharmacy has issued a recall.
The Scotiabank Prep School Cricket Competition officially bowls off today at Melbourne Oval with a press launch at 9:00 am followed by an opening match involving defending champions St Peter \u0026 Paul Prep and Liguanea Prep.
The Scotiabank Prep School Cricket Competition bowls off.
Authorities say a mother of two was found beaten to death in southern New Jersey.
A mother of two was found beaten to death in New Jersey.
DAVID Lynch says he's passionate about education -- from training the teachers of the future to creating opportunities for more students to study at university.
DAVID Lynch's passionate about education.
Bank of England boss Mervyn King told MPs he was not to blame for failing to spot the rate-rigging scandal engulfing the industry amid mounting accusations over the central bank's role..
Boss Mervyn King told MPs he was not to blame.
/ Chris O'Meara AP by Mike Lopresti, USA TODAY Sports by Mike Lopresti, USA TODAY Sports You wonder where it all started to go wrong for Billy Gillispie.
Where AP all started to go wrong for Billy Gillispie.
Israeli chess player Boris Gelfand, who tied world champion Viswanathan Anand in the 12 games of the World Chess Championship but finally lost in Wednesday's speed matches, called to raise the status of chess in Israel.
Chess player Boris Gelfand called to raise the status in Israel.
Their report states that Robert Pattinson has confirmed that he and Kristen Stewart are a ``couple.''
Robert Pattinson has confirmed he and Kristen Stewart are a couple.
Navy Seaman Recruit Oscar A. Nunez, , recently completed US Navy basic training at Recruit Training Command, Great Lakes, Ill.
Navy Seaman Recruit Oscar A. Nunez completed basic training.
Michael Vick has withdrawn a motion to seek court approval for a financial advisor he selected to oversee his bankruptcy case after the man was accused of helping swindle $500,000 from church members in New Jersey.
Michael Vick has withdrawn a motion to seek court approval for a advisor.
A 43-YEAR-OLD man was charged today with the double murder of a man and a woman on a canal boat.
A man was charged with the murder.
The Enforcement Directorate will launch a probe into the housing loan scam unearthed by the CBI to check possible money laundering.
The Enforcement Directorate will launch a probe into the housing loan scam.
Iraqi authorities lifted an indefinite curfew imposed on Baghdad on Monday, after Shiite cleric Muqtada Al Sadr made an offer to end days of fighting in the country.
Iraqi authorities lifted an indefinite curfew imposed on Baghdad.
Less than a day after leaving their jobs, two former Penn State administrators Gary Schultz and Tim Curley faced a judge.
Two Penn State administrators faced a judge.
Jade Goody has hit out at ex-boyfriend Jeff Brazier for not being there for his sons.
Jade Goody has hit out at Jeff Brazier.
Southwest Airlines will add Milwaukee to its route system from Baltimore-Washington and other cities.
Southwest Airlines will add Milwaukee to its route system.
London, Jul 28 Teen pop sensation Justin Bieber was reportedly forced to apologise to a fellow passenger on an Air New Zealand flight after he allegedly caused a disturbance by cursing loudly in the first class section.
Justin Bieber was forced to apologise to a passenger.
ZoomCare, the Portland-based clinic that offers patients same-day scheduling and flat fees for all visits, is expanding to Seattle.
ZoomCare is expanding to Seattle.
A Cotton Incorporated internet grower survey conducted from April 1 through June 3, 2011 , has identified key issues that will help guide the organization's agricultural research program.
A Cotton Incorporated survey, has identified key issues.
Ratings agency Fitch downgraded Hungary to junk status today, falling in line with Standard and Poor's and Moody's.
Fitch downgraded Hungary to junk status.
The South Korean market was trading lower for the second consecutive trading session on Wednesday.
The South Korean market was trading lower.
The Obama administration on Thursday announced a $1.25 billion deal with black farmers that could end a years-long stalemate over alleged racial discrimination by the Agriculture Department.
The Obama administration announced a $ 1.25 billion deal with black farmers.
LA Noire developer Team Bondi has been placed into administration, according to documents filed with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.
LA Noire developer Team Bondi has been placed into administration.
Japan has offered to enrich uranium for Iran allowing access to nuclear power by the Islamic Republic, the Nikkei business daily reports.
Japan has offered to enrich uranium for Iran.
Mortgage rates continued a downward trend this week, according to Freddie Mac's weekly rate report.
Mortgage rates continued a downward trend.
Jennifer Saunders has ditched her wig as she put her troubles behind her at London Fashion Week.
Jennifer Saunders has ditched her wig as she put at London Fashion Week.
Former Clarksville football and track coach Kyle Norton has been reprimanded for allegedly sending inappropriate text messages to several female students.
Former Clarksville football and track coach Kyle Norton has been reprimanded for sending text messages.
Eun Ji Won and Girls' Generation member Jessica will be starring in the upcoming episode of 'Running Man' on April 14th, where they will team up with the cast members for a 'Animal Kingdom' special.
Eun Ji Won and Girls ' Generation member Jessica will be starring in the upcoming episode of Running Man.
Rupert Murdoch has vowed to charge for all the online content of his newspapers and television news channels, going well beyond his prediction in May that the company would test pay models on one of its stronger papers within the year.
Rupert Murdoch has vowed to charge for the online content.
A spokesman with the Virginia Beach Fire Department said a pet dog died in a trailer fire Monday morning.
A pet dog died in a trailer fire.
Run of River Power Inc. today announced it has granted options to its non-management directors for the purchase of up to 200,000 common shares at a price of $0.10 per share.
Run of River Power Inc. has granted options to its non-management directors.
Sep 23 It is actually pretty easy to decide when a child is ready to make the move from a booster seat to just a seatbelt.
When a child is ready to make the move to a seatbelt.
Samsung announced its Wireless USB, designed as a system-on-chip which could very well be a standard accessory in modern mobile phones.
Samsung announced its Wireless USB.
Weis Markets is now offering H1N1 vaccines through its in-house pharmacist immunizers and a third party provider in its stores in Pennsylvania, Maryland, New York, New Jersey and West Virginia.
Weis Markets is offering H1N1 vaccines.
A 62-year-old American pastor was found bound and dead at a his double-storey house in Taman Sri Ukay here.
A American pastor was found bound and dead.
On October 18, acclaimed electro-pop/dream-pop/shoegaze act M83 released its sixth studio album, Hurry Up, We're Dreaming.
M83 released, Hurry Up, We 're Dreaming.
KingsIsle Entertainment today launched its second game Pirate101, the highly anticipated follow-up title to the massively successful Wizard101.
KingsIsle Entertainment today launched its game Pirate101.
Hollywood star Jennifer Aniston has reportedly chosen her bridesmaids, but she has not asked any of her 'Friends' co-stars to step in.
Jennifer Aniston has chosen her bridesmaids.
Three striking Air India pilots were hospitalised today as their condition worsened on the fourth day of their indefinite fast demanding withdrawal of sack orders against 101 pilots and better career progression prospects.
Three striking Air India pilots were hospitalised.
A book on the history of Hyderabad Cricket Association, written by former player and cricket administrator PR Man Singh, was released by Andhra Pradesh assembly speaker KR Suresh Reddy.
A book on the history of Hyderabad Cricket Association was released.
A weekly reverse mortgage radio show is launching in Texas beginning Sunday, April 6 on Austin Talk Radio 1370 AM.
A reverse mortgage radio show is launching in Texas.
Multi-platinum selling singer Sophie Ellis Bextor will join 1980s duo Erasure for their Thetford Forest gig this summer.
Sophie Ellis Bextor will join 1980s Erasure for their Thetford Forest gig.
eLand Holidays Pvt. Ltd has recently launched its redesigned website.
ELand Holidays Pvt. Ltd has launched its redesigned website.
My friend Gavin just informed me that prog rock drummer Alan White of Yes fame will be joining the Seattle Symphony, Sunday for a performance of Stravinsky's The Firebird, which Yes fans apparently know from the band's live shows.
Prog rock drummer Alan White will be joining the Seattle Symphony, Sunday.
US auto fuel efficiency standards, flat for two decades, receive a welcome boost from the Obama administration.
Auto fuel efficiency standards receive a boost.
Hilary Duff will release her first novel, Elixir, this fall, and the cover has just been revealed.
Hilary Duff will release her first novel, Elixir, this fall.
Irvine, Calif. Western Digital introduced Thursday an updated version of its WD TV Live, set-top media streamer which now adds built-in Wi-Fi capability.
Its WD TV Live adds built in Wi-Fi capability.
Ricoh has released a firmware update for the GX100 which corrects three problems reported by users.
Ricoh has released a firmware update for the GX100.
Milwaukee has declared a snow emergency beginning at 9:00 pm Tuesday night.
Milwaukee has declared a snow emergency.
Education Minister Bandula Gunawardena yesterday said the IT literacy in Sri Lanka would be doubled within two years.
The IT literacy would be doubled within two years.
Two builders have been convicted of manslaughter and health and safety breaches, following the death of a 15-year-old labourer in April 2007.
Two builders have been convicted of manslaughter.
Vattenfall Trading Services has founded a shipping company named VT Shipping A/S, located in Copenhagen.
Vattenfall Trading Services has founded a shipping company.
Investigators believe a medical condition may have led to an overnight crash in Johnstown.
A medical condition may have led to an crash.
Today, US Senator Jim Risch commented today on the health care law currently being argued in the US Supreme Court.
Senator Jim Risch commented on the health care law.
Hashim Amla said he had ``no regrets'' about taking over the Proteas' captaincy but acknowledged that he still had a few things to learn in his new role.
Hashim Amla had no regrets.
ShaMaran Petroleum Corp. reports that it has closed the $51 million private placement announced on October 25, 2011 and November 9, 2011.
ShaMaran Petroleum Corp. has closed the $ 51 million private placement.
The Australian economy is expected to accelerate on the back of business investment over the next decade.
The Australian economy is expected to accelerate over the next decade.
The Boston College women's ice hockey team fell to Vermont 5-1 on Saturday afternoon at Kelley Rink in Chestnut Hill, Mass.
The women's hockey team fell to Vermont 5 1.
Somali pirates have freed an Italian oil tanker hijacked in February with five Italians and 17 Indians on board after nearly 11 months in captivity, the Italian government says.
Somali pirates have freed an Italian tanker hijacked in February.
A Sacramento Elementary school will be closed Friday due to concerns about asbestos in the insulation.
A Sacramento Elementary school will be closed Friday due to concerns about asbestos.
Young offenders may face night curfews, shopping centre bans and strict school attendance requirements under a tough NSW plan to deal with troubled youths.
Young offenders may face curfews, shopping under a plan.
Albany residents urged to help in cancer study Albany Medical Center officials are urging people to take part in a nationwide study of the causes of cancer.
Albany residents urged to help in cancer study.
Independent lawmaker Baban Singh, who was arrested for his alleged involvement in the murder of Birgunj-based businessman, has been admitted to the hospital.
Baban Singh has been admitted to the hospital.
The ex-convict husband of a suspended Nevada state judge took a plea deal Friday and agreed to serve three to 10 years in state prison for attacking and seriously injuring his wife with a frying pan.
The husband of a suspended Nevada judge took a plea deal.
The rand weakened against the dollar on Friday as the greenback rose and after comments from the central bank that its recent gains may be overdone, while local stock futures were down.
The rand weakened against the dollar.
Boulder County will pay $100,000 to buy mining claims that private owners retained when they sold what's now known as the Kraft Open Space properties to the county for $1,275,000 in 2002.
Boulder County will pay to buy mining claims.
Hollywood culture trivialises menstruation, raising concerns about whether it is frightening girls into believing the experience is worse than the reality, according to a study.
Hollywood culture trivialises menstruation.
An East Liverpool woman charged for harming her 1-year-old son pleaded guilty Friday to endangering children, a third-degree felony.
An woman pleaded guilty to endangering.
Besides DJ Hero, Activision also announced Guitar Hero 5 and Band Hero for a Fall launch.
Activision announced Guitar Hero 5 and Band Hero.
First Choice Power reminds Texas nonprofits and chambers of commerce that they have one month left to apply for a First Choice Power Reduce Your UseTM Grant.
One month left to apply.
Time Warner Cable announced on Monday that it had agreed to buy Insight Communications, a large Midwestern cable television operator, for about $3 billion in cash.
Time Warner Cable had agreed to buy Insight Communications for about $ 3 billion.
A youth from Maybon Township in Arakan died in a police interrogation cell recently, but his death was declared by the doctor to be a suicide, said a relative of the youth.
A youth died in a police interrogation cell.
ENN Solar Energy, a China-based manufacturer of solar technologies and services, has announced extensive investment in European and American solar power plant projects.
ENN Solar Energy has announced investment in solar power plant projects.
In this case, Azerbaijani gas may be an alternative to Iranian gas, Turkish Deputy Minister of Energy and Natural Resources Murat Mercan said in an exclusive interview with Trend today.
Azerbaijani gas may be an alternative to Iranian gas, Turkish Deputy Minister.
Fairfax County police have arrested the second suspect in a Kingstowne robbery, according to a department press release.
Police have arrested the second suspect in a Kingstowne robbery.
Members of a US church group are now offering travellers ``polygamy tours'', which will enable them to have a look at life in a polygamous community.
Members of a US church group are offering travellers polygamy tours.
BC-Ohio-House Race, 3rd Ld, CORRECTION,0216 Democrat wins central Ohio congressional race Eds:
0216 Democrat wins central Ohio congressional race Eds.
​It wasn't Michael Jordan in Space Jam but Chris Bosh made his network acting debut Wednesday night on an episode of Law \u0026 Order:
It wasn't but Chris Bosh made acting debut on an episode of Law \u0026 Order.
A St. James City man died on Wednesday after a late-night motorcycle accident in Lee County.
A man died after a motorcycle accident.
Red Star Wild West and trainer/driver Jamie Gray avoided a four-horse accident and won a wild $42,200 Borden Park Final at Northlands Park on Saturday.
Red Star Wild West / avoided and won a Borden Park Final.
The CBI today responded to the launch of an aerospace industrial strategy and additional funding for other key sectors by the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills.
The CBI today responded to the launch of an aerospace strategy.
China major automakers last Friday agreed to improve products quality and support domestic auto parts manufacturers after the summit meeting in the seventh China Automobile Fair, sources reported, citing Society of Automobile Engineers of China, as saying.
China automakers agreed to improve quality.
Abu Dhabi pledged continued crude supply to Japan after getting a $3 billion loan from a state- linked bank in the Asian country.
Abu Dhabi pledged supply to Japan after getting a loan.
Tom Cruise and Suri Cruise spent their Thanksgiving holiday together in London, according to multiple reports.
Tom Cruise and Suri Cruise spent their Thanksgiving holiday together in London.
UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi has undergone successful surgery in the US an undisclosed medical condition, Congress party spokesman said in New Delhi on Thursday.
Sonia Gandhi has undergone surgery in the US.
Santiago, Apr 22 Chile today offered a platform for India to approach the huge Latin American markets and proposed a Free Trade Agreement with New Delhi to bolster bilateral trade and investment.
Chile today offered a platform for India to approach the Latin American markets.
BrokersXpress has hired its first branch managers in a bid to lure more advisers away from large Wall Street firms, the independent broker-dealer said on Tuesday.
BrokersXpress has hired its first branch managers.
The foreign ministry has issued an orange travel alert for the Middle Eastern country of Bahrain.
The foreign ministry has issued an orange travel alert for the country of Bahrain.
European stocks declined for a third day as investors watched the US financial-reporting season amid concern that recent gains in share prices have overshot the earnings potential.
European stocks declined for a third day.
US President-elect Barack Obama arrived in Washington from Chicago, his home town, some two weeks before his inauguration on January 20.
Barack Obama arrived in Washington before his inauguration.
In a recent interview with Edge Magazine, Nintendo designer Shigeru Miyamoto recently cited uniqueness as the key principle to Nintendo's game design philosophy.
Shigeru Miyamoto cited uniqueness as the key principle.
ABBA are set to release their first new song in eighteen years, which will be on the deluxe edition of their final 1981 album The Visitors.
ABBA are set to release their new song.
TWO teenagers were viciously assaulted by a gang in Barbourne in the early hours of Sunday morning.
TWO teenagers were viciously assaulted by a gang.
Austin Peay State University kicks off Homecoming 2009 this week with a ``Fear the Peay'' Halloween-themed smorgasbord of activities.
Austin Peay State University kicks off Homecoming 2009.
It's a tired old cliche, but a week is a long time in football and it has felt a little bit longer for anyone who gets sick of hearing about the 'magic' of the FA Cup.
It 's, but a week is.
Punjab Law Minister Rana Sanaullah said Saturday that no case was pending against Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif regarding his competence, Geo news reported.
No case was pending against Shahbaz Sharif.
Russia will host a tiger preservation summit in Vladivostok in 2010, according to the Russian branch of World Wildlife Fund.
Russia will host a tiger summit in 2010.
Music mogul Diddy was reportedly hospitalized this morning in regard to an extreme migraine that started at a Grammy party on Sunday night.
Diddy was hospitalized in regard to an extreme migraine.
Coffee chain Starbucks Corp., which for years raised prices without any customer pushback, said Thursday that it is cutting prices for the first time on some drinks while boosting prices on others.
Starbucks Corp. is cutting prices on some drinks.
Special Assistant to Prime Minister Fawad Chaudhry said on Thursday that other state institutions consider judiciary a threat to them, therefore, it will have to change its attitude.
Other state institutions consider judiciary a threat.
Media group Trinity Mirror said it has planned at least £20 million in cost savings this year although declines in advertising revenues should ease in 2010.
Trinity Mirror has planned £ in cost savings.
A 71-year-old Tehama County man faces prosecution on child molestation charges for the second time as a result of a federal grand jury indictment leveled against him.
A Tehama County man faces prosecution on child molestation charges.
The MV-22 Osprey, the Marines' unique tiltrotor aircraft, completed its first humanitarian mission in Haiti on Sunday, according to Marines from Camp Lejeune's 24th Marine Expeditionary Unit.
The MV-22 Osprey completed its first humanitarian mission in Haiti.
A teenager shot dead in a South London grocery shop last night was an innocent bystander in a gangland shoot-out, Scotland Yard said today.
A teenager shot dead in a South London shop was an innocent bystander.
Wheelchair tennis star Esther Vergeer says she is retiring immediately, bringing to an end one of sport's longest winning streaks and a career peppered with Grand Slam and Paralympic titles.
Esther Vergeer says she is retiring.
As he prepares for the gruelling Test series against Australia, Indian batting icon Sachin Tendulkar has been practising with a ``cricket enthusiast'', who has not even played a first-class game, during his net sessions.
Sachin Tendulkar has been practising with a enthusiast.
Signature Styles, owner of catalog and internet retail sites including Spiegel, has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, Reuters reported.
Signature Styles has filed for bankruptcy protection.
An Indian army soldier died in suspicious circumstances inside his camp at Baderwah area in violence-hit Kashmir.
An Indian soldier died in suspicious circumstances.
Microsoft announced today that it would be buying VoIP provider Skype for $8.5 billion, Microsoft's most expensive acquisition to date.
Microsoft would be buying Skype for $ 8.5 billion.
Newcastle United goalkeeper Tim Krul branded Liverpool striker Andy Carroll a diver after victory yesterday.
Newcastle United goalkeeper Tim Krul branded Liverpool striker Andy Carroll a diver.
Three mataqalis of Naitasiri received a timely payout for the settlement of their compensation for the Monasavu dam being situated on their land.
Three mataqalis received a timely payout.
Kyle Busch has sped into auto racing history, becoming the third NASCAR driver to win 100 races.
Kyle Busch has sped, becoming the third NASCAR driver to win 100 races.
Pakistan captain Shahid Afridi today said that he saw a role for maverick fast bowler Shoaib Akhtar in the ODI and Twenty20 Internationals.
Shahid Afridi saw a role for Shoaib Akhtar in the ODI and Twenty20 Internationals.
An earthquake of 5.1 magnitude hit western Turkey on Thursday, Anatolia news agency reported, with no immediate reports of casualties or injuries.
An earthquake hit western Turkey.
Vice President George Kunda says government remains focused to develop all parts of the country.
Government remains focused.
A bankruptcy judge said Circuit City Stores Inc. can liquidate its remaining 567 US stores, including three in Maine.
Circuit City Stores Inc. can liquidate stores.
The three men accused of setting fire to a Maury County mosque go on trial Tuesday.
The three men accused of setting fire to a mosque go on trial.
Josh Romanski was drafted in the fourth round of the MLB draft by the Milwaukee Brewers.
Josh Romanski was drafted in the fourth round.
A factory manager was found dead with his mouth, hands and feet bound with cloth at a beauty salon owned by his wife in Taman Puncak Jalil here last night.
A factory manager was found dead with his mouth, hands and feet bound.
Spices futures on Tuesday extended its gains on the National Commodity and Derivatives Exchange as speculators indulged in enlarging positions, driven by lower stocks at exchange's warehouses and tight supplies in the physical markets.
Spices futures extended its gains.
Lance Armstrong will ride in support of Astana teammate Levi Leipheimer in the Giro d'Italia, saying he is not ready to contend for the title.
Lance Armstrong will ride in support of Astana teammate Levi Leipheimer.
Even though mum is pretty much the word as far as this divorce is concerned, we've heard that R\u0026B singer Usher has in fact, filed for divorce from his wife of almost two years, Tameka Foster.
Usher has, filed for divorce from his wife, Tameka Foster.
The Intrepid Sea, Air \u0026 Space Museum announced today the support of Bank of America as a major partner of the museum.
The Intrepid Sea,, Air \u0026 Space Museum announced the support of Bank of America as a major partner.
Several new polls, including the latest Marquette Law School Poll, show President Barack Obama increasing his lead over Republican challenger Mitt Romney in Wisconsin.
Several polls show Barack Obama increasing his lead over Mitt Romney in Wisconsin.
A 19-year-old South Side man was charged tonight with the fatal stabbing of a 47-year-old family acquaintance, according to the Chicago Police Office of News Affairs.
A man was charged with the fatal stabbing.
Jewel has reportedly injured her knee while rehearsing for Dancing with the Stars, according to Contact Music.
Jewel has injured while rehearsing for Dancing with the Stars.
Domestic handset maker SMobility on Wednesday announced the launch of its 'Stellar' range of devices, priced sub-Rs 12,000, as it aims to garner a larger share of the burgeoning smartphone segment in the country.
SMobility announced the launch of its Stellar range of devices.
NW Christian Rap group Centerpeace launched their brand new online store.
Centerpeace launched their online store.
Oil prices eased in Asian trade on Wednesday ahead of a key report on US energy stockpiles, dealers said.
Oil prices eased in Asian trade.
The Queensland city of Rockhampton will stay flooded for a week and will be cut off from the state's south for several more days.
The city of Rockhampton will stay flooded for a week.
A MAN who left a glove behind at the scene of a burglary has been jailed after DNA linked him to the crime.
A MAN has been jailed after DNA linked to the crime.
Afghan shoppers throng a market ahead of the Muslim festival of Eid-al-Fitr in Kabul September 9, 2010.
Afghan shoppers throng a market ahead of the festival of Eid-al-Fitr.
Guatemalans go to the polls Sunday in a presidential election that may bring to power a retired military general who promises an ``iron fist'' in fighting crime in one of the world's most violent peacetime countries.
Guatemalans go to the polls.
The bodies of two men thought to be from the Mayo area, have been recovered from the water off Inishbofin in Co Galway.
The bodies of two men, have been recovered off Inishbofin.
FAIRFAX Media said today it would cut about 5 per cent of its workforce as part of a business improvement program to reduce costs.
FAIRFAX Media said it would cut about 5 per cent of its workforce.
Reliance Power, part of the Anil Ambani-led Reliance Group, Monday said its 3,960 MW Tilaiya ultra mega power project in Jharkhand has got approval for carbon credits from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Reliance Power said its 3,960 Tilaiya project has got approval for carbon credits.
A onetime homeless man is headed to jail after he admitted to attacking another homeless man with a wooden ax handle in the Pottstown woods where they reportedly lived.
A homeless man is headed to jail after he admitted to attacking.
The City of Florissant will host a community development block grant public hearing Monday at 7 pm at Florissant City Hall.
The City of Florissant will host a community development block grant public hearing.
A senior Pakistani diplomat in the Indian capital died of an electric shock in his residency while using a hairdryer in the bathroom, a colleague said on Monday.
A Pakistani diplomat in the Indian capital died of an electric shock.
The demolition of the Babri mosque was planned to the last detail and Justice MS Liberhan, who probed the matter, was told so, former BJP member of Parliament Ram Vilas Vedanti has said.
The demolition was planned.
American Eagle Airlines will offer nonstop flights from Knoxville to Miami starting Nov. 19, the company announced Monday.
American Eagle Airlines will offer nonstop flights from Knoxville to Miami.
Nigeria, which narrowly avoided a diplomatic spat with Iran over the importation of military-grade weapons into the African nation, may report the illegals arms shipment from Iran to the UN Security Council Tuesday, the local media reported Monday.
Nigeria may report the shipment from Iran to the UN Security Council Tuesday.
This nutty woman in California who had octuplets absolutely disgusts me.
This woman absolutely disgusts.
A World Bank delegation has arrived in Georgia to assess the damage in the aftermath of the invasion by Russian forces.
A World Bank delegation has arrived in Georgia.
A Canadian warship opened fire on Libyan forces early Thursday morning, helping to thwart an attack in the port of Misrata, according to NATO.
A Canadian warship opened fire on Libyan forces.
PM promises flood recovery continues Updated: 08:04, Sunday February 12, 2012 Prime Minister Julia Gillard says the latest $1.9 billion instalment of flood recovery funding has been forwarded to the Queensland government.
PM promises flood recovery continues Updated.
Prudential will buy the US life insurer from Swiss Re, which will keep a stake in the business through reinsurance arrangements.
Prudential will buy the US insurer.
ASEAN makes progress on trade, not on sea disputes Southeast Asian leaders were upbeat Thursday about progress made on an ambitious plan to weld the region into a European Union-style economic community as a counterweight to Asian powerhouse China, while efforts were stalling on South China Sea disputes.
ASEAN makes progress on trade, not on sea disputes.
A new tropical depression has formed far out over the Atlantic with forecasters saying it will likely become a tropical storm.
A tropical depression has formed over the Atlantic.
General Motors Co. is recalling nearly 250,000 crossover vehicles worldwide to inspect second row seat belts that could be damaged and not latch.
General Motors Co. is recalling nearly 250,000 crossover vehicles.
An Afton native and 1998 Stillwater Area High School graduate is missing after a hiking trip turned ugly at the Grand Teton National Park in Wyoming.
An Afton native is missing after a trip turned at the Grand Teton National Park.
``Currently I am enjoying judging 'Jhalak's...' season four.
I am enjoying judging Jhalak... season four.
A man found dead in a vacant lot in the Algiers neighborhood earlier this week has been identified as a 27-year-old New Orleans resident.
A man found dead in a vacant lot has been identified.
Cellist Julian Lloyd Webber is set to become a father for the second time at the age of 60.
Julian Lloyd Webber is set to become a father at the age of 60.
The majority of the British public believes Prime Minister Gordon Brown should share the blame for the Iraq war with his predecessor Tony Blair, according to a survey yesterday.
Gordon Brown should share the blame for the Iraq war, according to a survey.
Sex offenders who don't register their residence in Fountain County could face fines.
Sex offenders who don't register in Fountain County could face.
State Police will be cracking down on distracted drivers this month throughout the Chicago area as part of a joint effort.
State Police will be cracking down on distracted drivers this month.
11 people hospitalized after Moscow subway fire A rush-hour fire in Moscow's subway on Wednesday injured dozens of people, forced the evacuation of thousands of commuters and closed parts of the network, authorities said.
11 people hospitalized after Moscow subway fire.
AP Business Writer TD Ameritrade founder Joe Ricketts said Friday he is retiring from the online brokerage's board to focus on other business ventures, but the family will continue to hold two board seats.
TD Ameritrade founder Joe Ricketts said he is retiring.
Strayer University opened its business campus in Kansas City, and is looking to have 150 Kansas City students by this year, KCTV5 reports.
Strayer University opened its business campus in Kansas City.
Hurricane Irene is moving away from Puerto Rico and is located at latitude 19 north, longitude 67.2 west.
Hurricane Irene is moving away from Puerto Rico.
``Investment demand for gold could remain intact in 2010 as the global central bankers doubt the role of the dollar as a global reserve currency.
Demand for gold could remain.
Rome Italian ministers on Tuesday posted their salaries and assets online in an effort to boost transparency amid a crackdown on tax evasion.
Italian ministers posted their salaries and assets online.
Fans could be barred from the Gillingham versus Swindon clash at the Priestfield Stadium on April 21 due to a dispute on policing costs.
Fans could be barred versus clash.
LG Electronics unveiled its first tablet, through T-Mobile USA, as it seeks to grab shares of the emerging tablet market from Apple .
LG Electronics unveiled its first tablet, through T-Mobile USA.
Toyota has returned to profit, despite being dogged by safety concerns resulting in the recall of millions of its cars around the globe.
Toyota has returned to profit.
A UCO student was killed this week by an Oklahoma City automotive accident early Tuesday morning.
A UCO student was killed by an accident.
Right-hander Esmerling Vasquez was recalled from Triple-A Reno, replacing left-hander Doug Slaten, who was optioned down to Triple-A.
Esmerling Vasquez was recalled, replacing Doug Slaten.
A satellite dish installer from Bryan, Texas, was electrocuted while on a service call in Louisiana.
A satellite dish installer was electrocuted.
AirAsia began its first day of service at Don Mueang International Airport yesterday by giving out 100 free seats to various destinations.
AirAsia began its day of service at Don Mueang International Airport.
State-owned UCO Bank may cut its benchmark prime lending rate by 100 basis points, a top company official said here Tuesday.
UCO Bank may cut its lending rate by 100 basis points.
Sterling hit a 3-1/2 month high against the dollar on Wednesday after Bank of England policymakers nudged the bar higher for more monetary easing, while it advanced on the euro after the European Central Bank injected a huge amount of cheap funds.
Sterling hit a 3 - 1/2 month high against the dollar.
J. Alexander's Corporation earnings were down by more than two thirds in the first quarter of 2009 compared to the same period a year ago.
J. Alexander's earnings were by more than two thirds.
RBA governor Glenn Stevens says optimism has been the casualty of the world financial crisis and it is up to policymakers and private market participants to put the system back together.
RBA governor Glenn Stevens says optimism has been the casualty of the world financial crisis.
``Cougar Town'' star Courteney Cox covers Harper's Bazaar April issue and discusses her failing marriage with husband David Arquette.
Star Courteney Cox covers and discusses her failing marriage.
Kurt Busch won the exhibition Budweiser Shootout on Saturday when Denny Hamlin was disqualified for going below the out-of-bounds line at Daytona International Speedway in Florida.
Kurt Busch won the exhibition Budweiser Shootout when Denny Hamlin was disqualified.
Year-to-year existing home prices across the Valley dropped for a record 32nd straight month in October, while prices of foreclosure homes may have hit rock bottom, according to the latest Arizona State University-Repeat Sales Index.
Home prices dropped for a 32nd straight month.
New Delhi A slipper was hurled at sacked CWG organising committee chairman Suresh Kalmadi at a court complex here today by a 42-year-old former lawyer who claimed that he was ``sent by God'' to eradicate corruption.
Slipper was hurled organising Suresh Kalmadi at a court complex.
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko said on Thursday that he believed integration of former Soviet Union states will be more powerful and deep.
Integration of former Soviet Union states will be more powerful.
Ms Gillard said increases to the youth allowance supported more students, 21,000 in the past year, to attend university.
Increases to the youth allowance supported more students.
Federal Industry Minister Tony Clement will hold a news conference in Toronto today to discuss the fluctuating cost of gasoline.
Federal Industry Minister Tony Clement will hold to discuss the fluctuating cost of gasoline.
A 53-year-old Texas man was arraigned Monday in the Riverton Township stabbing of a 49-year-old Texas man Sunday.
A Texas man was arraigned in the stabbing.
Police have identified the body found floating in the St. Joseph River in South Bend on Friday.
Police have identified the body found floating in the St. Joseph River.
The Danish central bank Thursday cut its key lending rate by 0.15 percentage point to defend the Danish krone, as the euro-zone debt crisis continues to lead investors to flood to the small Nordic country.
The central bank cut its rate to defend the Danish krone.
Nipissing University will offer a master's of education program, the first full-time graduate program in Brantford, beginning in September.
Nipissing University will offer a master of education program.
It's time to buy uggs boots trade now and many girls are complaining that their leg-types not refine.
It's time to buy uggs boots trade.
European stocks dropped before Italy and Germany sell debt amid concern the euro-area debt crisis is deepening.
European stocks dropped before Italy sell debt.
WARRINGTON crushed the Catalans with an awesome display orchestrated by half-backs Lee Briers and Michael Monaghan to book a Wembley return in this semi-final mismatch.
WARRINGTON crushed the Catalans.
Edmonds police are investigating a possible attempted abduction after a 13-year-old boy was approached by a man Monday evening.
Edmonds police are investigating a attempted abduction.
The Dow suffered its worst drop of 2010 yesterday as US stocks succumbed to fears that China's curbs on bank lending might jeopardize the global economic recovery, while IBM Corp.'s outlook sparked caution about the technology sector.
The Dow suffered its worst drop of 2010.
Two-time Grammy award-winning artist Fatman Scoop will perform at Jake's Nightclub's White Party on Saturday.
Fatman Scoop will perform at Jake's Nightclub's White Party on Saturday.
The Supreme Court ruled 8-1 on Thursday that petitions are public record and are exempt from secrecy.
The Supreme Court ruled petitions are public record.
Singapore opened today a new state-of-the-art airport terminal, with features including an indoor garden and waterfalls, in a bid to strengthen the city-state's status as a regional air hub.
Singapore opened a new airport terminal, with features including an indoor garden and waterfalls.
Woolworths has bought the Hardware.com.au domain name for over $33,000 as the supermarket chain prepares for the launch of its hardware warehouse big-box chain with Lowe's hardware from the USA.
Woolworths has bought the Hardware.com.au domain name for over $ 33,000.
Madonna has beaten The Beatles to become the most played artist of the last decade in the UK.
Madonna has beaten The Beatles.
A clinical psychologist explains suicide pact between couple and desperation.
A psychologist explains suicide pact between couple and desperation.
Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko has been admitted to the Ostrog academic fraternity on Tuesday, October 20.
Yulia Tymoshenko has been admitted to the academic fraternity.
AMHERST, Mass. ― Jordan Crawford scored 25 points to help Xavier defeat Massachusetts 87-79 on Wednesday night, staying on top the Atlantic 10 Conference and winning its fourth straight.
Xavier defeat Massachusetts 87 79.
A Minnesota man has pleaded guilty to third-degree kidnapping charges after allegedly luring another man into a motel room, tying him up and demanding money.
A Minnesota man has pleaded guilty to kidnapping charges.
Google Squared is live, and it's a lot of fun... albeit the info presented is far from always being accurate.
Google Squared is live.
Tennessee Titans receiver Chris Davis has been charged with DUI after being stopped bypolice early Friday for speeding in downtown Nashville.
Tennessee Titans receiver Chris Davis has been charged with DUI.
Waynesville Police Chief Bob Carter leads a 19-member department that works diligently to keep the community safe.
That works to keep safe.
Sprint Nextel Corp. on Wednesday said it is selling over 3,000 mobile phone towers, mostly to TowerCo, in a deal that will pump out $670 million in cash.
Sprint Nextel Corp. is selling over 3,000 mobile phone towers.
WASHINGTON James R. Lilley, a longtime CIA operative and later the US ambassador to China during the time of the Tiananmen Square crackdown, has died.
James R. Lilley, a operative and the ambassador to China, has died.
A 56-year-old Richmond man was shot in both forearms early last night as he was walking in the 2000 block of Creighton Road, city police said.
A Richmond man was shot in both forearms as he was walking.
Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki said on Friday that talks with the United States on a new long-term security pact had reached a ``dead end'' because of US demands infringing Iraq's sovereignty.
Talks with the United States on a security pact had reached a dead end.
*Former NBA player Javaris Crittenton has been accused of slapping his baby mama across the face as she was breastfeeding their 1-day old child, TMZ reports.
Javaris Crittenton has been accused of slapping his baby mama.
Brazil has criticized US oil giant Chevron for ignoring the risk of oil spills in the Frade Field, off Brazil's southeastern coast.
Brazil has criticized oil giant Chevron for ignoring the risk of spills.
Danny Boyle''s `Slumdog Millionaire' has been honoured by The American Film Institute, whose 13 jury members have listed it as one of this year''s eight ``Moments of Significance in Film, TV and Web.''
Danny Boyle Slumdog Millionaire has been honoured by The American Film Institute.
It now seems that loss-making carrier Malaysia Airlines is going to launch a new regional premium carrier.
Malaysia Airlines is going to launch a new carrier.
NY woman fatally choked niece, cops say A 25-year-old northern New York woman charged in the death of her 6-month-old niece has admitted to choking the baby after the infant became fussy, authorities said.
NY woman fatally choked niece, cops say.
US swimmer Michael Phelps has made Olympic history, winning the 200IM gold at three Olympics.
Michael Phelps has made Olympic history.
The Texas Rangers, who have cut several staff members from their front office and may be sold, are offering a ticket discount for weekday games in August and September as they try to capture their first AL West title in 10 years.
The Texas Rangers are offering a ticket discount.
Goldman Sachs, fighting to defend its reputation against fraud charges, has been hit with a £300,000 fine for failing to properly process equity trades in the US.
Goldman Sachs has been hit with a £ 300,000 fine.
Arsenal defender William Gallas will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury sustained in the Gunners' 1-1 Champions League draw at Villarreal.
William Gallas will miss the rest of the season.
SafeNet announced that it has acquired Cryptocard, a privately held provider of cloud based authentication solutions.
SafeNet has acquired Cryptocard.
The right to development should not be seen as a divisive concept, but as the means by which the human person, individually and collectively, can become the principal actor of his or her own destiny, said Ambassador Tamara Kunanayakam.
The right to development should not be seen as a divisive concept.
Two astronauts stepped outside the international space station Tuesday for an unprecedented clean and lube job on a gummed-up joint.
Two astronauts stepped outside the space station for an clean and lube job.
Patient dignity and comfort could be restored with newly designed gowns, 'bed pods' and modular toilets which have been launched by health minister Ann Keen.
Patient dignity and comfort could be restored.
British actress Minnie Driver is now a mother, as she gave birth to a son in Los Angeles last Friday.
Minnie Driver is, as she gave birth to a son.
Pierce Brosnan is to play a British prime minister in director Roman Polanski's political thriller 'The Ghost'.
Pierce Brosnan is to play a British prime minister.
She said: ``It's a little strange that I'm typically single a lot.
I 'm single a lot.
The Colorado Music Festival will present 'Music of Friends` on Monday, July 20, at 7:30 pm in the Stanley Hotel Concert Hall, part of the Estes Park Music Festival`s Sounds of Summer Series.
The Colorado Music Festival will present Music of Friends.
Taiwan's tennis stars set up an all-Taiwanese final in the Asian Games women's doubles yesterday in Guangzhou.
Taiwan's tennis stars set up an all-Taiwanese final.
The small businesses in the area will suffer and ultimately close.
The small businesses will suffer.
She is the latest super superstar in GB. Jessica Ennis heptathlon Olympics 2012 gold makes her hot property for endorsements.
She is the superstar in Jessica Ennis heptathlon Olympics 2012 gold makes her hot property.
Dead Space and the sequel could have been very different games if Visceral had not listened to focus groups.
Dead Space could have been very different games.
Ukraine plans to reduce the tax burden on business to 30.9% of GDP in 2010, Deputy Finance Minister Tetiana Yefymenko said in Kyiv on Wednesday during a round table meeting dedicated to the issue of taxation in Ukraine: key problems and ways to solve them.
Ukraine plans to reduce the tax burden on business to 30.9% of GDP in 2010.
Crude oil prices eased back after setting a record above $147 per barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange Friday.
Oil prices eased after setting a record Friday.
A woman pleaded guilty Tuesday to stealing Christmas donations from her co-workers.
A woman pleaded guilty to stealing donations.
Azerbaijan, Baku, 5 September/ TrendNews, corr R. Novruzov/ Monitoring Group of the Parliament Assembly of the Council of Europe will observe presidential elections in Azerbaijan despite opposition's appeal, Arif Mammadov, permanent representative of Azerbaijan to Council of Europe said to TrendNews by telephone.
Azerbaijan, will observe presidential elections despite opposition's appeal representative to Council of Europe.
The Big Brother 2012 housemates enjoyed a pool party yesterday after passing their 'Spin Break' task.
The Big Brother 2012 housemates enjoyed a pool party.
On Saturday, El Paso hit a record high temperature of 92 degrees.
El Paso hit a record high temperature.
2013-04-11T16:18:37Z 2013-04-12T06:08:35Z Wis. teen ordered to pay $70K in fatal crash La Crosse Tribune A 19-year-old Campbellsport woman has been ordered to pay more than $70,000 in restitution for an SUV crash that killed three of her friends in 2011.
Wis. teen ordered to pay $ 70K in fatal crash.
Rosamund Pike, who was last week said to be in contention for a role in Zack Snyder's Superman reboot, has joined Wrath of the Titans.
Rosamund Pike, said, has joined Wrath of the Titans.
Author and anti-war activist Cindy Sheehan will be making a return visit to Eureka Springs next Thursday as part of a national tour to promote her latest booklet, ``Myth America: 10 Greatest Myths of the Robber Class and the Case for Revolution.''
Cindy Sheehan will be making a return visit to Eureka Springs next Thursday.
Andy Murray eased into the second round of the Monte Carlo Masters on Monday as he beat Spain's Feliciano Lopez 7-6 6-4.
Andy Murray eased into the second round of the Monte Carlo Masters.
The second Alicia Cooper Memorial Walk/5k run will be at 9 am Saturday in Tuscora Park.
The Alicia Cooper Memorial Walk 5k run will be Saturday.
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin on Thursday sent New Year greetings to the presidents of Abkhazia and South Ossetia.
Vladimir Putin sent New Year greetings to the presidents of Abkhazia and South Ossetia.
ToolWatch Corporation recently released its Application Programming Interface to give users of ToolWatch Enterprise and other ToolWatch products access to their behind-the-scenes data.
ToolWatch Corporation released its Application Programming Interface.
The US dollar rose to the mid-100 yen level Thursday morning in Tokyo on gains by Japanese stocks.
The dollar rose to the mid- 100 yen level.
David E. Rumelhart, whose computer simulations of perception gave scientists some of the first testable models of neural processing and proved helpful in the development of machine learning and artificial intelligence, died Sunday in Chelsea, Mich. He was 68.
David E. Rumelhart died, He was 68.
Sky Wings Airlines , the Greek airline with Ukrainian minority shareholding, on 21 July launched a weekly service between its base in Athens and Lviv in western Ukraine.
Sky Wings Airlines launched a weekly service in Athens and Lviv.
LiveTV, a provider of live in-flight entertainment and connectivity systems for commercial airlines, has selected EMS' Formation business unit to provide rugged data storage for up to 1,000 aircraft that are deploying LiveTV systems, EMS announced April 20.
LiveTV has selected to provide rugged data storage, EMS announced.
The impact of the global economic crisis on Azerbaijan is temporary, said the President of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev during his speech before the residents of Ganja, where he visited, AzTV television channel reported.
The impact of the global economic crisis on Azerbaijan is temporary.
HE'S battled drugs and various other demons and now, at the ripe age of 43, Jason Donovan is making a musical comeback.
HE 'S Jason Donovan is making a musical comeback.
Cameroon have appointed Volker Finke as head coach of the national team, the German tasked with ensuring the Indomitable Lions qualify for the 2014 Fifa World Cup in Brazil.
Cameroon have appointed Volker Finke as coach.
A judge Thursday denied a bid to release two Aptos brothers accused of molesting two girls pending resolution of their cases.
A judge denied a bid to release two Aptos brothers accused of molesting two girls.
Tunisia has recalled its ambassador to Syria for 'consultations', an official source at the Foreign Ministry said Wednesday.
Tunisia has recalled its ambassador to Syria.
ABB has won an order from Italy-based transmission system operator, Terna, to supply a synchronous compensator solution for the Codrongianos power station in northern Sardinia.
ABB has won an order to supply a synchronous compensator solution for the Codrongianos power station in Sardinia.
Five persons were today charred to death when a van caught fire and rammed into a roadside tree at Seethur, about 75 km from here, police said.
Five persons were charred to death a van caught fire.
Recently, I saw a sign that read, ``Teachers who love teaching, teach children to love learning.''
That read, Teachers, teach children to love learning.
The saga that is Brett Favre continues with more revelations from Green Bay Packers General Manager Ted Thompson and head coach Mike McCarthy.
The saga that is Brett Favre continues.
A body has been found in the trunk of a car in the middle of a busy Wal-Mart parking lot on Eastern near Patrick.
A body has been found in the trunk of a car.
Harte-Hanks Inc. said it has received a multi-year deal to support Modell's Sporting Goods and the retailer's customer interaction strategy across multiple platforms.
It has received a deal to support Modell's Sporting Goods and the retailer's customer interaction strategy.
With bad weather threatening, the Xavier baseball team split its doubleheader at Rhode Island Saturday, falling 3-2 in the first game and taking the nightcap, 7-6.
The baseball team split at Rhode Island.
A senior Russian diplomat has strongly warned the West against an attack on Iran, saying that it would upset global security.
A Russian diplomat has warned the West against an attack on Iran.
Cuba and the United States held a new round of migration talks here on Friday, which focused on migration agreements between the two countries, according to an official press release.
Cuba and the United States held a new round of migration talks.
Victoria Beckham has designed a unique crocodile skin handbag for Selfridges' Christmas collection that comes with a giant price tag of 8,995 pounds.
Victoria Beckham has designed a crocodile skin handbag.
``I didn't have a childhood. Growing up, seeing Planned Parenthood, it was considered like the abortion clinic,'' Katy said.
I didn't have a childhood, Katy said.
``I'm like a running back that has the ball and I'm looking for openings,'' he says.
I 'm like a running back that has the ball.
A lockdown at two Edinburg elementary schools has been lifted.
A lockdown at two Edinburg schools has been lifted.
Giants running back Ahmad Bradshaw is sitting out his second straight practice with a foot injury that appeared on the injury report after the 49ers game.
Giants running Ahmad Bradshaw is sitting out his second straight practice.
Eddie Murphy is joining Ben Stiller and Alan Alda in the Brett Ratner-directed Tower Heist at Universal Pictures.
Eddie Murphy is joining in the Tower Heist.
The new federal consumer watchdog has taken aim at debt collectors, proposing regulations that would give it authority to supervise companies such as Asta Funding Inc. in Englewood Cliffs.
The new federal watchdog has taken aim at debt collectors.
Singer Katy Perry has joined the league of artists like NERD and Esteele by designing a signature line for the ''Fashion against AIDS'' campaign.
Katy Perry has joined by designing a line for the Fashion against AIDS campaign.
Seve Ballesteros died in the early hours of today after a long battle with brain cancer.
Seve Ballesteros died after a long battle with brain cancer.
Photo by WENN Lil Wayne has revealed that he drunk his much-loved syrup which he fondly titled ``sizzurp'' because he was sick and not to get high.
He drunk his syrup he titled sizzurp because he was sick and not to get high.
A Victor woman is accused of injuring a man by hitting him in the head with an empty wine bottle, Ontario County deputies said.
A Victor woman is accused of injuring a man by hitting with an wine bottle.
Interim Councilmember Sekou Biddle, who is fighting to keep his seat in the upcoming April 26 special election, raked in over $53,000 in campaign contributions this month, more than doubling any of his challengers.
Sekou Biddle raked in in campaign contributions.
The first death anniversary of the Vishwa Hindu Parishad leader Swami Lakshmanananda Saraswati passed off peacefully in Kandhamal district today with no untoward incident anywhere.
The death anniversary passed off.
Fresh from the 2012 Summer Olympics, Ryan Lochte spent a long weekend living large on the Las Vegas Strip.
Fresh, Ryan Lochte spent living large on the Las Vegas Strip.
State Bank of India , the country's largest lender, expects the government to inject capital ``any time'', although it is yet to get a formal commitment on the amount, a senior official said on Friday.
State Bank of India expects the government to inject capital any time.
Air Products announced today that it has been awarded the ``Supplier Excellence Award'' by Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited, the largest semiconductor foundry in the world.
Air Products has been awarded the Supplier Excellence Award by Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited.
Ten British schoolchildren have enjoyed a dream trip to the White House to meet First Lady Michelle Obama.
Ten British schoolchildren have enjoyed to meet Michelle Obama.
Lawmakers in Afghanistan said on Tuesday that 2,000 Afghan youths were ready to go to Gaza to defend Palestinians from Israeli attacks, warning the strikes could lead to a worldwide Muslim uprising.
2,000 Afghan youths were ready to go to defend Palestinians.
India expects to explore new grounds in the overseas job scenario through increasing number of mobility partnerships with newer nations especially Europen.
India expects to explore new grounds in the overseas job scenario.
On the day he leaves Microsoft to work for his pet social sector projects, software pioneer Bill Gates today announced a $ 23 million grant to India to control the scourge of HIV/AIDS in the country.
Bill Gates today announced a $ 23 million grant to India.
Gov. Sarah Palin called her critics cowards and jerks Friday for deriding her anonymously and insisted she never asked for the expensive wardrobe purchased for her use on the presidential campaign.
Gov. Sarah Palin called her critics and jerks.
Pakistan is protesting an Indian attack on a military post along the countries' disputed border in Kashmir.
Pakistan is protesting an Indian attack on a military post.
Stocks slid for a fourth day Friday on more worries about how Europe is handling its debt crisis.
Stocks slid for a fourth day.
Industrialist Anil Ambani on Tuesday marked a surprise presence in the Supreme Court where a dispute is being heard over supply of gas to his group company Reliance Natural Resources Ltd from Reliance Industries Ltd, led by his brother Mukesh Ambani.
Anil Ambani marked a presence in the Supreme Court.
The likelihood of Perth sweating through a 50 degree summer sometime in the future is ``quite high,'' according to new research released on Thursday.
The likelihood of Perth sweating through a 50 degree summer is.
Gordon Brown has urged EU leaders to slash taxes on ``green'' household goods in a bid to tackle climate change.
Gordon Brown has urged EU leaders to slash taxes on green household goods.
Oil prices fell to near $81 a barrel Tuesday on expectations a frigid cold spell in parts of the US, Europe and Asia will ease in coming weeks, weakening crude demand.
Oil prices fell to near $ 81.
The British government says Prime Minister Gordon Brown and President Barack Obama have talked about Afghanistan over the telephone.
The British government says Prime Minister Gordon Brown and President Barack Obama have talked about Afghanistan.
Bahraini opposition leaders pleaded not guilty in court on Thursday to charges of belonging to a terrorist group and attempting to overthrow the monarchy, state news agency BNA reported.
Bahraini opposition leaders pleaded not guilty.
Trainer Larry Jones announced that he is coming out of self-imposed retirement as a trainer and will take over the reins of the barn that has been in the hands of his wife, Cindy, for the past year.
Larry Jones announced he is coming out of retirement.
The City of Lacey hired a new public affairs and human resources director to replace retiring director Merri Lannoye.
The City of Lacey hired a new public affairs and human resources director.
Mayor Tom Menino is standing by his decision to ban the construction company involved in a catastrophic gas explosion in Hyde Park from work in Boston.
Tom Menino is standing by his decision to ban the construction company.
A 22-year-old jobless youth committed suicide at his China Scheme residence on Saturday.
A jobless youth committed suicide.
UPA government at the Centre never discriminated against Punjab and the state always got its due, Union Railway Minister Pawan Kumar Bansal has said, rejecting the Shiromani Akali Dal's often repeated charge.
UPA government never discriminated against Punjab.
Inflation is growing at its fastest rate on record as petrol prices reach new heights and economists say an interest rate cut by Christmas is now looking less likely.
Inflation is growing at its rate on record.
The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission said it is taking legal action against another four airlines over alleged price fixing between early 2003 and 2006, Dow Jones reported.
The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission is taking legal action against another four airlines.
Prison officials around the country are on high alert following two violent riots at a correctional facility in the Free State in the past 24 hours.
Prison officials are on high alert following two riots.
President Barack Obama will attend a memorial service today at Fort Hood in honor of the 13 people killed last week in the worst mass shooting ever on a US military installation.
Barack Obama will attend a memorial service today at Fort Hood.
A man in Alabama is said to have stolen military grenades from Fort Benning.
A man is said to have stolen military grenades from Fort Benning.
A woman set herself on fire at a Miami mall Thursday, then walked around engulfed in flames as shocked shoppers watched, authorities said.
A woman set herself on fire at a Miami mall.
Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp admitted he feared the worst when he saw Fabrice Muamba collapse at White Hart Lane on Saturday.
Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp admitted he feared the worst he saw Fabrice Muamba collapse.
The housing authority's executive director will retire in May, ending a nine-year career marked by both success and controversy.
The housing authority's director will retire in May.
Canadian rocker Bryan Adams is about to become a father for the first time at the age of 51, his spokeswoman said on Monday.
Bryan Adams is about to become a father for the first time.
One is the agreement whereby Japan will bear much of the cost of relocating 8,000 US Marines -- and their families -- from Okinawa to Guam by 2014.
Japan will bear much of the cost of relocating 8,000 US Marines.
Microsoft is looking to sell in excess of $3 billion worth of Cloud services in collaboration with EDS, an HP company.
Microsoft is looking to sell in excess of $ 3 billion worth of Cloud services.
It also fined the bank's Money Laundering Reporting Officer £17,500 for failings in performance of the money laundering reporting controlled function.
It fined the bank's Money Laundering Reporting Officer £ 17,500 for failings.
Pregnancy brings with it many surprises as your body changes, especially the first time around.
Pregnancy brings surprises.
The Canadian AIDS Society calls for social justice in HIV as people living with HIV/AIDS assemble to attend the annual PLWHIV/AIDS Forum and the CAS annual general meeting.
The Canadian AIDS Society calls for social justice in HIV.
But Adler Planetarium is planning to boost general admission fees by $2 across the board, pending approval from the Chicago Park District, the Sun-Times reports.
But Adler Planetarium is planning to boost admission fees.
Luke Donald, a model of consistency in his recent climb to world No 1, said on Sunday a busy schedule left him too burned out to give his best at this week's US Open.
A schedule left Luke Donald too burned out to give his best.
The Terengganu government approved 28 housing projects for the hardcore poor between April last year and last month, with an allocation of RM492.8 million, Menteri Besar Datuk Ahmad Said told the state assembly on Tuesday.
The Terengganu government approved 28 housing projects for the hardcore poor.
5 major rental car companies agree on recall plan US Sens. Charles Schumer of New York and Barbara Boxer of California say five major rental car companies have agreed to stop leasing and selling vehicles under safety recalls.
5 major rental car companies agree on recall plan say.
Global gold demand in Q1 2012 was 1,097.6 tonnes, down 5% from the high demand levels seen in Q1 2011, according to the World Gold Council's Gold Demand Trends report.
Global gold demand in Q1 2012 was 1,097.6 tonnes, down 5% from the high demand levels seen in Q1 2011, Trends.
A Fountain City teenager accused of four felonies in connection with a robbery that resulted in the death of a Richmond man is asking for a bond reduction.
A teenager is asking for a bond reduction.
Students raised more than $2,300 for THON at Penn State Brandywine by hosting several fun, campus events in honor of THON Spirit Week.
Students raised more than $ 2,300 for THON.
Iran will accept the broad framework of a UN-brokered uranium deal but wants ``very important changes,'' state television said Tuesday, adding Tehran will offer its formal response within 48 hours.
Iran will accept the broad framework of a uranium deal.
X Factor judge Cheryl Cole is to cover a Britney Spears song on her forthcoming album, according to reports.
Cheryl Cole is to cover a Britney Spears song.
Vestas has announced that it will open an engineering site in Louisville, Colo., to support global operations and enhance the company's wind power production capabilities throughout North America.
Vestas will open an engineering site in Louisville, Colo..
Kelly Preston has pulled out of a public speaking engagement, saying she's not ready to talk about the tragic death of her son.
Kelly Preston's not ready to talk.
News Corp. chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch on Thursday filed for divorce from wife Wendi Deng Murdoch.
Rupert Murdoch filed for divorce.
Leonard Rosenman, an Oscar-winning film composer who helped introduce avant-garde music to Hollywood movie scores, died on Tuesday in Woodland Hills.
Leonard Rosenman, an film composer, died.
Ball State men's golf team is ranked 31st in the nation in this week's national poll.
Ball State men's golf team is ranked 31st in the nation.
The man was standing inside the container when the 2ft-wide and 8ft-long cylinder fell on his left leg.
The cylinder fell on his leg.
Former Rajasthan minister Mahipal Maderna was on Friday arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation along with the brother of a ruling Congress MLA in the Bhanwari Devi abduction case.
Former Rajasthan minister Mahipal Maderna was on Friday arrested.
Amzer, a global leader in the manufacturing of smartphone and tablet accessories, announces new accessories that will be available for the Motorola Atrix including cases, screen protectors, cables, and chargers.
Amzer announces new accessories that will be available for the Motorola Atrix.
Nauru is to privatise security services provided for government and state-owned sites from September this year.
Nauru is to privatise security services.
Shane Company has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, saying the business suffered a disappointing holiday season.
Shane Company has filed for bankruptcy protection.
Minister for Research and Innovation, Sean Sherlock TD, has announced that a Government-sponsored free seminar, titled 'Building a Business on Your Ideas' will be coming to Kilkenny City next month.
A seminar, Building a Business on Your Ideas will be coming to Kilkenny City.
The Baltimore Orioles activated shortstop JJ Hardy from the 15-day disabled list Tuesday and designated reliever Josh Rupe for assignment.
The Baltimore Orioles activated JJ Hardy.
Two Hamilton men arrested early Monday morning are in federal custody on meth charges.
Two Hamilton men arrested are in custody on meth charges.
APA-Rabat ``The Association of missing people of Polisario'' has accused the south-west Algeria-based Polisario Front of ``illegal practices'' against women, challenging the international community to act to end this ``ordeal''.
The Association has accused the Polisario Front of illegal practices against women.
World champion boxer MC Mary Kom will spearhead the Indian challenge in the women's Asian Cup to be held in Haikou, China from on Thursday.
MC Mary Kom will spearhead the Indian challenge in the women's Asian Cup.
Portland police are investigating an alleged case of human trafficking that unfolded at a North Portland motel.
Police are investigating an alleged case of human trafficking.
With talks of Stalin being arrested, Kanimozhi, the DMK MP and accused in 2G scam arrived in Chennai airport at 1.30pm today.
Kanimozhi, arrived in Chennai airport.
Five US soldiers were killed in central Iraq on Monday, the US military said in a statement.
Five US soldiers were killed in Iraq.
Chennai, May 18 Pharmaceuticals company Orchid has reported consolidated net profit at Rs 156.18 crore for the year ending March 31, 2011.
Company Orchid has reported net profit at Rs 156.18 crore.
The NBA suspended guard OJ Mayo for 10 games without pay on Thursday for violating the league and union's anti-drug program with a positive doping test.
The NBA suspended OJ Mayo for 10 games for violating with a positive test.
As part of Peace Corps Week 2013, US Rep. Joe Kennedy III, whose 4th district includes Attleboro, on Thursday introduced his first bill as a congressman.
Rep. Joe Kennedy III introduced his first bill.
Stoke City chairman Peter Coates has warned Premier League managers that they now face a much shorter time in jobs than ever before.
Peter Coates has warned managers.
Second seeded Fernando Verdasco suffered a early exit from Memphis as he went down 6-7 3-6 against Jeremy Chardy of France in the first round of the Regions Morgan Keegan Championships.
Fernando Verdasco suffered a early exit from Memphis.
Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday invoked Mahatma Gandhi and said the best way to define good governance was with Gandhiji's talisman.
Narendra Modi invoked Mahatma Gandhi.
But on Robinson's first day in Celtics green, Lil' Him indirectly knocked D'Antoni while praising Boston's Doc Rivers.
Lil Him knocked D'Antoni.
On Feb. 7, 2013, DressFirm.com, a leading online store for wedding dresses and special-occasion dresses from China, launches an evening dress promotion with great discounts for the USA market to expand its online market share.
DressFirm.com launches an evening dress promotion with discounts for the USA market.
Oil fell below $75 a barrel on Thursday, beginning the second half of the year on a weak note after falling nearly 5% in the first half, as signs of slowing economic growth in China fuelled energy demand doubts.
Oil fell below $ 75 as signs of growth in China demand doubts.
Steve on Hinch 'didn't identify' pedophiles I and others are over all this drama,getting a bit like the Saints soapy,as in tune in tomorrow for the next episode...
Steve on Hinch didn't identify pedophiles.
A day after Union Railway Minister Mamata Banerjee alleged CPI of forming suicide squad to kill her, Union Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee has said that there would be adequate security arrangement will be provided to her.
Adequate security arrangement will be provided to Mamata Banerjee.
``Barefoot bandit'' Colton Harris-Moore, a notorious teenage fugitive who has been on the run for nearly two years, was arrested in the Bahamas, according to media reports Monday.
Barefoot bandit was arrested in the Bahamas.
The Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas postponed his visit to the Czech Republic , due to unexpected developments.
The Mahmoud Abbas postponed his visit to the Czech Republic.
A Glens Falls man is charged with Welfare Fraud after failing to accurately report his total household income.
A Glens Falls man is charged with Welfare Fraud.
A grand jury indicted Omnisource Corp. with eight charges including three counts of corrupt business influence and five counts of attempted receipt of stolen property, the Marion County prosecutor announced today.
A grand jury indicted Omnisource Corp..
I'm 16 years old and my problem is with my older sister -- she keeps stealing my boyfriends.
I 'm old -- my sister keeps stealing my boyfriends.
An elderly Durango man has been found dead in a snowdrift just in front of his house.
An Durango man has been found dead in a snowdrift.
Wyeth Pharmaceuticals says it will lay off 276 workers in Puerto Rico due to a company restructuring and a drop in demand for locally manufactured products.
Wyeth Pharmaceuticals will lay off 276 workers in Puerto Rico.
The Grand Rapids Junior Gold hockey team picked up a pair of impressive wins recently.
The Junior Gold team picked up a pair of wins.
Louisiana lawmakers Saturday applauded the historic agreement to cut $38.5 billion in federal spending, saying the last-minute budget deal sets the tone for upcoming fights to cut even more.
Louisiana lawmakers applauded, saying the budget deal sets.
Poet Sugathakumari has expressed solidarity with the Wayside Shady Tree Protection Campaign held here on Monday.
Sugathakumari has expressed solidarity.
Former UCLA forward Reeves Nelson will be invited to the Lakers training camp that begins in early October after he signs a one-year, non-guaranteed contract, potentially worth about $700,000 with the team, Nelson told The Times on Tuesday.
Reeves Nelson will be invited to the Lakers training camp.
Bill Cowher wants to teach men about melanoma, a disease the ravages of which he knows all too well.
Bill Cowher wants to teach men about melanoma.
The Philippines on Friday launched a ';fun'; tourism campaign, more than a year after canning a campaign widely criticized for its boring slogan and a website that could be confused with a porn site.
The Philippines launched a ; fun ; tourism campaign.
BMW expects to have six cars on the grid for the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters in 2012 when the new rules come in to force.
BMW expects to have six cars in 2012.
A kite surfer suddenly lifted into the air by a southerly breeze and dragged through bushes and a fence nearly ``peeled off half his face'' when he slammed into a street-sign pole, a Sydney lifesaver says.
A kite surfer peeled off his face, a lifesaver says.
A new survey by the International Committee of the Red Cross shows war and armed violence take an alarming toll on civilians in conflict-affected countries around the world.
War and armed violence take an alarming toll on civilians.
TWO senior Crisis in Zimbabwe Coalition officials quit in a huff amid internal feuding allegedly fuelled by political meddling in the group's projects by some influential MDC-T officials.
TWO Crisis in officials quit in a huff.
-Rochester Police responded to a shooting at 22 ½ Oscar Street around 2 pm Monday, where a man shot himself in the face.
A man shot himself in the face.
The Australian rugby player Matt Giteau has been offered nearly 12 million dollars to play club rugby in France.
The player Matt Giteau has been offered nearly 12 million dollars to play club rugby in France.
Highly upset Mr. Bachchan threatened to quit twitter and blog, if it continues to show problem.
Bachchan threatened to quit twitter.
Some Region 8 students will soon be getting a lesson in conserving energy from the people who know about it.
Some students will be getting a lesson in conserving energy.
Alexis Stroud, Manager, Regulatory Compliance, QPharma, Inc. was honored as an industry Rising Star by the Healthcare Businesswomen's Association, at its 21st annual Woman of the Year award luncheon, Thursday, May 6, at the New York City Hilton, with satellite to a breakfast event in San Francisco.
Alexis Stroud, Manager, Regulatory Compliance Inc. was honored as an industry Rising Star by the Healthcare Businesswomen's Association.
US Supreme Court Justices appear divided Monday in a lethal injection case that could affect the way the death penalty is carried out in Montana.
Supreme Court Justices appear divided in a lethal injection case.
The Maricopa County Sheriff's Office said a man broke into his ex-girlfriend's Sun City home Friday and stabbed her current boyfriend.
A man broke into his ex-girlfriend's home and stabbed her boyfriend.
Nigerian health workers will begin an open-ended strike this week, joining primary and secondary teachers whose own strike has entered a third week, officials said Monday.
Nigerian health workers will begin an strike, joining.
Windy conditions cause damage and power outages early Wednesday morning.
Windy conditions cause damage and power outages.
Gov. Rick Scott has vetoed a bill that would have ended permanent alimony in Florida.
Rick Scott has vetoed a bill that would have ended permanent alimony.
A trial date of Aug. 24 has been set for a Jackson County man accused of killing his ex-wife and hiding the body.
A trial date has been set for a Jackson County man accused of killing his ex-wife.
The Indians announced this afternoon at 1:30 that they have acquired infielder Mark DeRosa from the Chicago Cubs for minor-league pitchers Jeff Stevens, Chris Archer and John Gaub.
The Indians have acquired infielder Mark DeRosa from the Chicago Cubs.
A CHESHUNT man has been jailed for 21 months after attempting to blackmail a man for £15,000 by posing as a teenage girl online.
A CHESHUNT man has been jailed after attempting to blackmail a man by posing as a teenage girl.
Stocks to watch on the Australian stock exchange at noon on Monday were mostly big miners, with goldmining a particular focus.
Stocks to watch at noon on Monday were.
England has emerged as the frontrunner to host the Indian Premier League after the announcement that the lucrative Twenty20 tournament will be moved because of security concerns.
England has emerged as the frontrunner to host the Indian Premier League.
The Kentucky Transportation Cabinet said Thursday that US 60 near the Union-Henderson County line in eastern Union County has reopened.
US 60 near the Union-Henderson County line in Union County has reopened.
The Indian team on Saturday began their three-day training camp ahead of their Test series against Australia starting next week with a three hour-long practice session, with senior batsman Sachin Tendulkar returning in the mix after his retirement from ODI cricket.
The Indian team began their training camp starting, with Sachin Tendulkar returning in the mix.
Oil prices rose yesterday as the market reacted to potential supply disruptions in Nigeria and Iran, while keeping a watch over fresh eurozone strains after last week's ratings downgrades, analysts said.
Oil prices rose.
A soldier who was badly injured in Afghanistan has been reunited with the medic who bravely saved his life.
A soldier has been reunited with the medic who saved his life.
A Lyford woman said she won an iPad thanks to signing up for ``bonus entries'' on a contest from Action 4 News.
A Lyford woman said she won an iPad thanks to signing up for bonus entries.
Angelina Jolie is set to play her mom in a biopic about Jolie's mother, Marcheline Bertrand, that will start production next year.
Angelina Jolie is set to play her mom in a biopic.
R\u0026B singer Chris Brown has been charged with two felonies following an alleged attack on his pop star girlfriend Rihanna last month, the Los Angeles District Attorney's office announced on Thursday.
Chris Brown has been charged with two felonies.
On Saturday, Libyans head to voting polls to caste a vote that would elect a temporary 20 member legislative assembly, which would in turn select a national cabinet and its prime minister.
Libyans head to voting polls.
The Mega Millions winning numbers for January 27, 2012, were 3, 5, 30, 36, 48, the Mega Ball number was 23, and the Megaplier was 4.
The Mega Millions winning numbers, were.
A judge has declared millionaire adventurer Steve Fossett legally dead, five months after his plane disappearedFossett vanished in September after taking off in a light plane, and a long search produced no trace of him.
A judge has declared millionaire adventurer Steve Fossett dead.
Russ Christianson, the veteran NDP candidate in Northumberland Quinte West says Stephen Harper should halt his free trade negotiations with the EU during this election.
Stephen Harper should halt his free trade negotiations.
AP Sep 27, 2010 07:46:45 AM Poland's military says a Polish soldier has died of injuries sustained when a land mine exploded under his patrol vehicle in Afghanistan.
A Polish soldier has died of injuries sustained a land mine exploded under his vehicle in Afghanistan.
Illinois voters will get a chance to decide whether they want the power to recall corrupt, incompetent governors.
Illinois voters will get a chance to decide they want the power to recall, governors.
Osh City Hall reported to 24.kg news agency that victims of June events are protesting in South capital of Kyrgyzstan.
Victims of June events are protesting in South capital of Kyrgyzstan.
Stocks to watch on the Australian stock exchange at noon on Friday: up two cents or 0.6 per cent to $3.22 down 0.5 cents or 0.13 per cent to $3.60 Australand has rejected an offer from fellow property company GPT Group for its commercial and industrial and investment property portfolio.
Stocks to watch at noon on Friday.
After a slight drop in 2009, the market share of Québec insurers climbed to 51.7% in 2011, an increase of 1.3 percentage points over 2010.
The market share of Québec insurers climbed, an increase.
During a speech in Davos, Switzerland, Gilani announced that the US drone attacks resulted in a ``trust deficit'' between Islamabad and Washington.
The US drone attacks resulted in a trust deficit.
Windows will need to be running on ARM processors by 2013, according to an ARM executive.
Windows will need to be running on ARM processors by 2013.
UK employers are estimated to have paid out £4.4 billion in redundancy payments over the last year, according to law firm Wedlake Bell.
Employers are estimated to have paid out £ 4.4 billion in redundancy payments over the last year.
A US District Court in Indiana found the transfer of interests in a LLC to children did not qualify for the annual gift tax exclusion because the interests were considered ``future'' rather than ``present'' interests in property due to operating agreement restrictions on the children's rights relating to the property.
A US District Court found the transfer of interests in a LLC to children did not qualify for the annual gift tax exclusion.
Kings Of Leon's Caleb Followill has been urged by bandmates to check into rehab as they are concerned about his drinking.
Kings Of Leon's Caleb Followill has been urged to check into rehab.
HP has sued one of its former executives for allegedly stealing documents that could then be shared with the computer firm's competitors.
HP has sued one of its former executives for stealing documents.
After withdrawing support on the Congress-led UPA government, Mamata Banerjee is now attempting to split the Congress in West Bengal.
Mamata Banerjee is attempting to split the Congress in West Bengal.
Ethiopia and China urged developing countries to have common stand at next climate talks to be held in Cancun, Mexico, later this year, reports ENA.
Ethiopia and China urged to have common stand at climate talks.
Macedonia's prime minister has declared victory in the country's parliamentary election after a vote that was marred by gunbattles that left one person dead.
Macedonia's prime minister has declared victory.
A WOMAN and her two children were treated for smoke inhalation at Royal Perth Hospital after fleeing from their burning house last night.
A WOMAN and her two children were treated for smoke inhalation.
Yesterday, Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner made the dubious assertion that the government does not create jobs.
The government does not create jobs.
After losing $16 million a year in state funding for its trauma center, University Hospital could face another $16 million cut -- in Medicaid money used to pay and train residents, doctors preparing to practice in specific areas.
University Hospital could face another $ 16 million cut.
In January, Money Marketing, Fund Strategy's sister publication, revealed that Transact is reducing its platform charges and taking steps to prepare the business for a full stockmarket listing.
Transact is reducing its charges.
Gabagool, the cartoon about the 30 something nerd Christopher Vigliotti by Mike Dawson and Chris Radtke, as covered on TV tonight can now be read online.
Gabagool can be read online.
Stocks ended mixed as investors sort through conflicting signs about the direction the economy is taking.
Stocks ended mixed.
Twilight star Kristen Stewart recently cut her hair into a shorter crop.
Kristen Stewart cut her hair.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger, seen here in April 2010, revealed that he expects to pledge his future to the Gunners by signing a new contract shortly.
Arsene Wenger expects his future by signing a new contract shortly.
Wayman Tisdale, a former NBA player and Olympian, has died.
Wayman Tisdale, a NBA player, has died.
Church buildings no longer occupied by the Catholic Diocese are now being seen as an asset to some neighborhoods.
Church buildings are being seen.
Bayern Munich midfielder Franck Ribery will miss Saturday's Bundesliga match at Eintracht Frankfurt because of an ankle injury.
Bayern Munich midfielder Franck Ribery will miss Saturday's Bundesliga match at Eintracht Frankfurt.
During the session, Ahmad Muqowam, the chairman of House Commission IV overseeing agriculture, plantations, fisheries maritime affairs, food and forestry, said the new law capped foreign ownership at 30 percent, in efforts to provide more opportunities to domestic investors in the horticulture sector.
The new law capped foreign ownership at 30 percent.
A Mexia man is facing multiple charges under a combined $35,000 bond, while investigators continue to sort out happenings which led to his arrest.
A Mexia man is facing multiple charges.
The Olympus E-450 is a new Micro Four Thirds camera that gives users not only camera body, but also two interchangeable lenses for under $700.
The Olympus E- 450 is a camera that gives camera body, but also two interchangeable lenses for under $ 700.
Whitehall High School graduate Dan Koppen was reportedly cut by the New England Patriots today as the team released players to get its roster to the NFL roster limit of 53.
Whitehall High School graduate Dan Koppen was cut by the New England Patriots.
A local woman was recently arrested for allegedly assaulting a Walmart employee after he tried to stop her from stealing.
A local woman was arrested for assaulting a Walmart employee.
SARA BAREILLES is set to release her new album, 'Kaleidoscope Heart', tomorrow.
SARA BAREILLES is set to release her album, Kaleidoscope Heart.
Former child television star Gary Coleman pleaded guilty Monday to a misdemeanor criminal mischief charge related to a domestic violence incident last April.
Gary Coleman pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor criminal mischief charge related to a domestic violence incident.
The once-a-month court closures initiated last year as part of the state judiciary's strategy to save money will end next month.
The court closures will end next month.
Bruno has brought his media circus to the streets of Sydney, with the red carpet premiere of his movie bringing out thousands of screaming fans, desperate for a glimpse of the gay fashionista.
Bruno has brought his media circus to the streets of Sydney, with the red carpet premiere.
MCP will remain in opposition and only support government when it brings good policies in tandem with wishes of Malawians, the party's parliamentarians have resolved.
MCP will remain in opposition.
Hollywood star Megan Fox, who is reportedly pregnant with her first child with husband Brian Austin Green, was spotted with a growing baby bump during an outing.
Megan Fox was spotted with a baby bump.
Egypt will see a total of 10.5 million tourist visits by the end of 2011, bringing in a total $9.5 billion in revenue, according to the country's tourism minister.
Egypt will see a total of 10.5 million tourist visits by the end of 2011.
PLANS to double the size of Wallyford moved a step closer to reality on Tuesday, when East Lothian councillors removed a key obstacle in the planning process.
PLANS to double the size of Wallyford moved.
TCF Financial Corp, the parent of TCF National Bank , said it filed a notice with the US Treasury to pay back $361.2 million of TARP money it got in November last year, citing public perception that views banks who took TARP money as weak.
TCF Financial Corp said it filed a notice to pay $ of TARP money.
Ontario police will use the popular social networking tool Twitter to communicate more effectively with residents, Chief Rodney Smith said.
Ontario police will use the tool Twitter.
SpringSource announced on Monday that it had acquired open source system monitoring vendor Hyperic for an undisclosed sum.
SpringSource had acquired system monitoring Hyperic.
Japanese mobile operator Emobile is collaborating with Orix Auto to offer netbooks and mobile data cards with car rentals.
Emobile is collaborating to offer netbooks and data cards with car rentals.
Ten Romanian police officers sent to France to help with Roma policy will be deployed where Romanians have previously been accused of crimes, said a French police memo obtained by AFP Friday.
Ten Romanian police officers sent to France to help with Roma policy.
Model Rheagan, 19, is alleged to have sent a chilling warning to Williamina McFarlane, saying: ``You started it, and I will very much end it for both of you.''
Model Rheagan is alleged to have sent, saying : You started, and I will very much end.
A Summersville woman was hurt Sunday night in a crash north of West Plains on US 63, the Missouri State Highway Patrol said.
A Summersville woman was hurt in a crash north.
Checa hits back to win race two Updated: 23:05, Sunday February 26, 2012 Reigning superbikes world champion Carlos Checa bounced back from a massive crash in race one to easily win the second race at Phillip Island on Sunday.
Checa hits back to win race two Updated.
The Guana dam just off Highway A1A in St. Johns County will reopen to fishing this weekend.
The Guana dam will reopen to fishing this weekend.
OSHA will inspect hundreds of companies where flammable dust is present.
OSHA will inspect hundreds of companies flammable dust is.
The European Commission is investigating the issue of medicine prices in Malta, Labour MEP John Attard Montalto said.
The European Commission is investigating the issue of medicine prices in Malta.
Top lenders SBI and ICICI on Monday hiked their lending rates by 50 basis points, which will make existing home, auto and commercial loans expensive.
SBI and ICICI hiked their lending rates by 50 basis points.
UCLA considers creating coed dorms for the next school year, but not for the unholy reasons you may think.
UCLA considers creating coed dorms.
World powers met in Germany on Wednesday to review their Iran strategy, the first such meeting since US President Barack Obama took office vowing to talk directly with Tehran about its nuclear program.
World powers met to review their Iran strategy.
Britain raised its terrorist threat level specific to major transport hubs, including airports and London railway terminals, from substantial to severe, a report said on Friday.
Britain raised its terrorist threat level specific.
It is also asking housing associations to extend the opportunity into their local communities by sponsoring a tenant to take part.
It is asking housing associations to extend by sponsoring a tenant.
Bonding systems and solutions supplier Scapa has made a positive start to the year with first quarter revenues in line with forecasts and ahead of last year.
Scapa has made a positive start.
Vimpelcom investor Farimex has dropped its Russian court case against Norway's Telenor, its lawyer, Dmitry Chyorny, told Reuters on Friday.
Farimex has dropped its Russian court case against Norway's Telenor.
The Screen Actors Guild rejected the latest contract offer from Hollywood studios on Thursday but said it was willing to negotiate and presented a counterproposal.
The Screen Actors Guild rejected the contract offer.
For the third weekend in a row, snow is falling across the Piedmont Triad.
Snow is falling across the Piedmont Triad.
``I have never even tried (to get pregnant) so please stop discussing my ovaries LOL,'' she tweeted at fans who had been wondering aloud about her status.
I have never tried stop discussing my ovaries.
The Good Charlotte frontman married fashion designer-and-TV star Nicole Richie, his girlfriend of four years, in front of 130 close friends and family at Nicole's father Lionel Richie's huge Beverly Hills home on Saturday but Joel admitted he had no idea an elephant was on the guest list.
Joel had no idea an elephant was.
Philadelphia Phillies ace Roy Halladay has been put on the disabled list because of a strained right shoulder and is expected to be out of the rotation for six to eight weeks.
Philadelphia Phillies ace Roy Halladay has been put on the disabled list.
A New Orleans attorney is accusing a client of fraud and breach of contract in a lawsuit filed after the client allegedly breached an attorney fee agreement and contract.
A New Orleans attorney is accusing a client of fraud and breach of contract.
Mississippi Senate leaders said longtime state Sen. Jack Gordon of Okolona has died.
Longtime state Sen. Jack Gordon has died.
Crews were out with heavy equipment in the Northwest side of the valley Thursday, near Grand Canyon and Farmer, cleaning up debris in order to keep storm drains clear, to take in rain water running down the street.
Crews were cleaning up debris in order to keep storm drains.
Sculptors from around the world are to compete for a place in Grenada's underwater sculpture park, which has become a major tourist attraction.
Sculptors are to compete.
The Town of High River's newly named Business and Tourism Development Office plans on celebrating small business week all month.
The Town and Tourism Development Office plans on celebrating small business week.
JOHANNESBURG South African unions have accepted the government's wage offer after months of intense negotiations and a debilitating three-week strike by civil servants.
South African unions have accepted the government's wage offer.
Ukraine's parliament will hold a vote of no confidence in the government of Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko on Wednesday, a spokeswoman for the assembly's speaker said on Monday.
Ukraine's parliament will hold a vote of no confidence.
Apparel maker VF Corp. on Tuesday declared a regular quarterly dividend of 59 cents, payable on Sept. 18 to shareholders of record as of Sept. 8.
VF Corp. declared a regular quarterly dividend.
A day after District 14 Councilmember José Huizar made his first public appearance at a candidates forum in Hermon along with Eagle Rock businessman Rudy Martinez, his main political opponent in the March 8 City Council elections, the Martinez campaign accused Huizar of maintaining a ``personal slush fund'' that he ``misappropriated'' to pay ``outrageous salaries'' to his staff and then used ``City of Bell style tactics to hide the misuse of funds from the public.''
The campaign accused Huizar of maintaining a fund he misappropriated.
Jake Westbrook, who signed a two-year, $16.5 million contract to stay with the Cardinals earlier this week, is currently recovering from surgery on his non-throwing shoulder.
Jake Westbrook, is recovering from surgery on his non-throwing shoulder.
Over 600 swimmers from 24 club teams will converge on Sulphur at the Sulphur Parks and Recreation and Aquatic Center starting today for the Louisiana Swimming Short Course State Championships sponsored by Jeff Davis Bank.
Over 600 swimmers will converge on Sulphur.
Pakistan has blocked access to YouTube because of ``sacrilegious'' content in a growing internet crackdown against sites believed offensive to the country's majority Muslim population.
Pakistan has blocked access to YouTube.
Medvedev and Brown discussed the preparation of the financial crisis summit of the Group of Twenty to be held in Washington on November 15.
Medvedev and Brown discussed the preparation of the financial crisis summit.
Police on the state's far south coast are investigating the theft of a large number of exotic animals from a Merimbula warehouse.
Police are investigating the theft of a number of exotic animals.
A man walked away unscathed after a train hit his truck in the South Island this morning.
A man walked away a train hit his truck.
Lauryn Hill has pleaded guilty to not filing income tax returns from 2005 to 2007.
Lauryn Hill has pleaded guilty to not filing tax returns.
Consumer personal spending rose 0.2% July, as buyers took advantage of the government's ``cash for clunkers'' program to trade in old cars for new ones, the Commerce Department said Friday.
Personal spending rose 0.2% July.
One Direction enjoy being flashed by fans in the US.
One Direction enjoy being flashed by fans.
More than one third of adults across the Emirates suffer from allergic rhinitis, which causes nasal blockage, sneezing, runny nose, and irritation, according to the first UAE study of its kind published ahead of the International Gulf Thoracic 2010 conference, which kicks-off in Abu Dhabi today.
More than one third of adults across the Emirates suffer from allergic rhinitis.
Residents in the Monroe area are being asked to conserve water, all because of the deep freeze hitting the area.
Residents are being asked to conserve water.
Sunderland chief Steve Bruce has paid an emotional tribute to the late Sir Bobby Robson.
Steve Bruce has paid an emotional tribute.
Consumer NZ is today launching a telecommunications comparison website which enables consumers to find the best deals from telecommunications and ISP providers.
Consumer NZ is today launching a telecommunications comparison website.
After some not so subtle tweeting on his part yesterday, it has been confirmed that Justin Bieber will be both hosting and performing on Saturday Night Live in February.
Justin Bieber will be hosting and performing on Saturday Night Live in February.
A compound found in green tea may provide the key to treating prostate cancer, according to a new study.
A compound found in green tea may provide the key to treating prostate cancer.
``Ethanol and biodiesel are the best fuels on the road today, and we're just getting started.
Ethanol and biodiesel are the best fuels on the road today.
AP Writer Pop star Stevie Wonder had a hotter debut Thursday as a UN peace envoy than he expected.
Stevie Wonder had a hotter debut as a UN peace envoy.
A new community health center for Maine's York County that will serve 6,000 patients a year is scheduled to open in January.
A new health center is scheduled to open in January.
The Wolverhampton-based building and support services firm Carillion has said that it is looking for more opportunities in Middle East to report an adequate growth rate for the financial year.
The firm Carillion has said it is looking for more opportunities in Middle East.
Citigroup posted a $5.11 billion quarterly loss Friday and said it will cut another 9,000 jobs after suffering billions of writedowns tied to mortgages, other debt and the slumping economy.
Citigroup will cut another 9,000 jobs.
An elderly woman was struck and killed by a car in Columbia City Friday morning.
An elderly woman was struck and killed in Columbia City.
Palo Verde defeats Centennial twice for the 4A softball title in Las Vegas on May 21, 2011.
Palo Verde defeats Centennial for the 4A softball title.
The Green Bay Packers, a non-profit corporation in the smallest market in the National Football League, are worth more than $1 billion, according to Forbes magazine.
The Green Bay Packers are worth more than $ 1 billion.
Police are investigating two separate armed robberies, one with a shooting, on the city's East Side.
Police are investigating two armed robberies.
The Pacers remain winless after dropping 8-5 decision to the London Blue Devils, Friday night before 360 fans at the Clearwater Arena.
The Pacers remain winless.
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said on Friday that China has enjoyed the fastest growth of new energy and renewable energy, and has the largest area of man-made forests in the world.
China has enjoyed the fastest growth of new energy.
AN ELDERLY couple and a have-a-go hero were rescued by fire crews after a house blaze.
AN ELDERLY couple were rescued after a house blaze.
Pitman, a leading supplier to the graphic communications and wide/grand format graphics printing industries, has unveiled its new website: www.pitman.com.
Pitman, has unveiled its new website.
Mortgage lending activity has continued to recover over the last month, it has been revealed.
Mortgage lending activity has continued to recover.
AVA INFERI will enter the studio in November to begin recording their third album, ``Blood of Bacchus,'' which will include songs entitled ``Fireflies,'' ``A Witch she was, the Witch I am,'' ``Lights,'' ``Last Sign of Summer,'' and ``All the Colours of the Dark''.
AVA INFERI will enter the studio in November.
A Shreveport native and former assistant press secretary for President George W. Bush has become the CEO of a Baton Rouge-based baseball bat company.
A Shreveport native has become the CEO of a baseball bat company.
Afghan President Hamid Karzai on Tuesday denied meeting a purported top Taliban negotiator as claimed by The New York Times.
Hamid Karzai denied meeting a top Taliban negotiator.
The Federal Minister for States and Frontier Regions, Najamuddin Khan has said 1.7 million registered Afghan refugees residing in Pakistan would be sent back to their country with dignity.
1.7 million Afghan refugees would be sent back with dignity.
Commonwealth Games Federation CEO Mike Hooper on Thursday refused to take any blame for the mess in which the Delhi Commonwealth Games finds itself, saying India alone is responsible for all the problems surrounding the mega event.
India alone is responsible.
A MOTORCYCLIST has died after crashing into a van near Ashchurch in Tewkesbury yesterday evening.
A MOTORCYCLIST has died after crashing into a van near Ashchurch in Tewkesbury.
Trash-picking police made two drug arrests Wednesday after finding trace amounts of cocaine in the garbage of a downtown apartment.
Police made two drug arrests.
Himfr.com, one of China's leading B2B search platforms with more than 30 B2B industry websites to its name, analyzes the digital camera market.
Himfr.com analyzes the digital camera market.
Dwayne Bravo rescued the Mumbai Indians from a seemingly hopelessly position and inspired them to a dramatic two-run win over the Royal Challengers Bangalore in a Champions League Twenty20 match at Kingsmead on Sunday night.
Dwayne Bravo rescued and inspired the Mumbai Indians to a dramatic win.
US actor John Goodman, who recently debuted a much trimmer physique, says he was nearly 400 pounds at his heaviest.
John Goodman says he was nearly 400 pounds.
BIG SUR, Calif. A rock slide is blocking two lanes on Highway 1 near Big Sur.
BIG SUR, A rock slide is blocking on Highway 1.
A Syrian military helicopter came down in flames in Damascus today as President Bashar al-Assad's air force strafed and bombarded rebel-held districts in the capital and in Aleppo.
A Syrian helicopter came down in Damascus.
WHEN I walk down the tunnel of ANZ Stadium with a NSW jersey on for the last time tonight, I'll be thinking what I always think at that moment: ``I'm the luckiest man alive''.
I 'm the luckiest man alive.
Sears said Tuesday it would close 100 to 120 of its Sears and Kmart stores and warned fourth-quarter earnings before charges would drop by at least half to $466 million due to lower sales and margins.
Sears said it would close to 120 of its Sears and Kmart stores.
Elliott Aviation today announced that the Moline, Ill.-based business aviation services company has signed a service center agreement with Jet Support Services, Inc. to provide scheduled and unscheduled maintenance services, paint and interior refurbishment services, and to supply spare parts to JSSI clients enrolled in their hourly cost maintenance program.
Elliott Aviation today announced the, services company has signed a center agreement with Jet Support Services, Inc..
FDA proposal seeks cancer warnings on tanning beds Indoor tanning beds would come with new warnings about the risk of cancer and be subject to more stringent federal oversight under a proposal unveiled Monday by the Food and Drug Administration.
FDA proposal seeks cancer warnings on tanning beds tanning beds would come.
The plane made an emergency landing on Guam around 2 am with more than 200 people on board.
The plane made an emergency landing on Guam.
More US military crews were exposed to radiation today as the Pentagon ramped up relief flights over a Japan reeling from an earthquake, tsunami and nuclear crisis.
More US military crews were exposed to radiation.
The Karachi Stock Exchange is looking for Chinese investment, its chairman said in Shanghai recently.
The Karachi Stock Exchange is looking for Chinese investment.
Twilio, cloud communications provider we covered for few times in the past, is bringing its voice and messaging APIs to Windows Azure customers.
Twilio is bringing its voice and messaging APIs to Windows Azure customers.
Apple has introduced a new iPhone that is said to have significantly faster speed than previous phones.
Apple has introduced a new iPhone.
A thief with a guilty conscience has helped get a 19th century headstone back to its original location in a historic northern Nevada cemetery where he stole it more than 30 years ago.
A thief has helped get back to its location in a Nevada cemetery.
NEW YORK -Lance Armstrong has hired a criminal defense attorney to represent him in the federal investigation for possible fraud and doping violations by the seven-time Tour de France winner and his cycling teammates.
Lance Armstrong has hired a criminal defense attorney.
Memorial Day weekend means it's time to start watching the Gulf.
It's time to start watching the Gulf.
Lewis Hamilton says he would welcome newly-crowned Formula One World Champion Jenson Button to McLaren should rumours of the Brit's signing prove to be true.
Lewis Hamilton would welcome Jenson Button to McLaren.
Already accepted as one of the greatest boxers of any era, American Floyd Mayweather Jr has decided to come out of retirement for a third time.
Floyd Mayweather Jr has decided to come out of retirement for a third time.
Chennai, Jul 23 Two women patients died of asphyxiation after a fire broke out in an intensive care unit of the Kilpauk Medical College here early today.
Chennai, Two women patients died of asphyxiation.
Separatist leaders Javid Ahmad Mir, Shabir Ahmad Dar and Muhammad Yousuf Naqash on Sunday said sacrifices rendered by Kashmiris for the right to self-determination are being recognized by the international community.
Sacrifices rendered by Kashmiris are being recognized.
Yankees owner George Steinbrenner spent three hours in his office at the team's spring training complex today and said he was feeling good.
George Steinbrenner spent three hours in his office and said he was feeling good.
Well now it appears that X Factor USA judge Nicole Scherzinger and her British Formula One racing driver boyfriend Lewis Hamilton have split up.
Nicole Scherzinger and her boyfriend Lewis Hamilton have split up.
A city-based doctor has been booked by police for allegedly demanding Rs 50 lakh dowry before his marriage for pursuing a higher medical course.
A doctor has been booked for demanding Rs 50 lakh dowry.
Coronation Street star Kym Lomas has signed a new contract that will keep her in the show for at least another year.
Coronation Street star Kym Lomas has signed a new contract.
Whatever the final outcome of the tightly contested vice presidential race, Mayor Jejomar Binay of Makati City has made history by being the first local official to be possibly catapulted to a top national position, just a breath away from the presidency.
Jejomar Binay has made history.
A GERMAN witchcraft trial is set to reopen after almost 400 years, in a bid to clear the name of a woman who was burned at the stake in 1627.
A witchcraft trial is set to reopen after almost 400 years.
The Highway Patrol says two pickups crashed on Interstate 94 just east of Steele, killing one driver and injuring the other.
Two pickups crashed, killing one driver.
Xiamen is going to invest over 300 million yuan to build a formula race track in Xiang'an District by the end of next year.
Xiamen is going to invest over 300 million yuan to build a formula race track.
SOUTH Bucks police seized four vehicles and issued ten speeding fines in a three-hour operation.
Police seized four vehicles.
As reported on Kotaku Japan, PlayStation Vita games actually load faster on cartridge than they do when digitally downloaded.
PlayStation Vita games load faster on cartridge.
Indian shares ended lower Wednesday for a second straight day, tracking falls in most Asian markets, with corruption scandals still hurting sentiment as raids on homes of former telecom minister A. Raja sparked a broad-based sell-off.
Indian shares ended lower.
Patient records from a dental office in Detroit that include personal information have been found dumped outside the building.
Patient records from a dental office have been found dumped.
What is a gold ETF? is a question I get all the time.
What is a gold ETF? is.
US actor Mel Gibson has been lined up to play George Michael in a biopic of the singer's life.
Mel Gibson has been lined up to play George Michael in a biopic.
A new, international corporate advisory and outsourced specialist management team has been established in San Francisco, California, and Sydney, Australia, to address the problems of reducing risk and accelerating the growth of global businesses, particularly US market entry challenges.
A new, international corporate advisory and outsourced specialist management team has been established in San Francisco and Sydney.
President Dr Ram Baran Yadav has called for consensus among all political forces to find solution of the current political deadlock at the earliest possible.
Dr Ram Baran Yadav has called for consensus.
Israel says it is holding indirect peace talks with Syria mediated by Turkey.
Israel says it is holding peace talks with Syria.
Iran has banned the production of Valentine's Day gifts and any promotion of the day celebrating romantic love to combat what it sees as a spread of Western culture, Iranian media reported, Reuters informs.
Iran has banned the production of Valentine's Day gifts.
The world's biggest watch-making group, Swatch, says its net profit has risen 26 per cent to 1.6 billion Swiss francs, beating market expectations.
The world's group says its profit has risen 26 per cent.
ComEd was working Monday to restore power to more than 8,000 customers who were still without electricity in the wake of powerful storms on Sunday.
ComEd was working to restore power.
Julius Baer, one of Switzerland's largest wealth managers, will split into two separate entities, the bank announced Wednesday.
Julius Baer will split into two entities.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. Steady rain continued to pelt the Sacramento region on Friday, along with some hail.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. rain continued.
Barnes \u0026 Noble, a bookseller that operates over 750 bookstores in 50 states, has entered into a strategic agreement with AT\u0026T that will provide complimentary in-store Wi-Fi to any customer that visits a Barnes \u0026 Noble bookstore nationwide.
Barnes \u0026 Noble has entered into a strategic agreement with AT\u0026T.
Intracom IT Services, in partnership with EMC held an introductory event on Cloud Computing, Future Trends on Tuesday Feb 1, 2011 at the Grand Hyatt Hotel, Amman.
Intracom IT Services, held an event on Cloud Computing.
``It's typical of Labor's lazy Federal representation that the Henry Tax Review all but ignored Tasmania,'' says Senator Eric Abetz.
The Henry Tax Review ignored Tasmania.
``Shale gas development drove an 11 percent increase in US natural gas proved reserves last year, to their highest level since 1971, demonstrating the growing importance of shale gas in meeting both current and projected energy needs,'' said Richard Newell, EIA's Administrator.
Shale gas development drove an increase in US natural gas proved reserves, to their highest level since 1971.
A fuel shortage has hit some Dar es Salaam filling stations over the long weekend which also included a national holiday on Monday when queues of motor vehicles swarmed around these filling stations.
A fuel shortage has hit some Dar es Salaam filling stations.
Gibraltar flights to Spain from Air Andalus have been canceled due to low passenger numbers, according to this article:
Gibraltar flights to Spain have been canceled.
From the beginning of April, Ukraine exported 280 thsd tonnes of grains, declared Sergey Stoyanov, the general director of Ukrainian agrarian confederation.
From the beginning of April, Ukraine exported 280 thsd tonnes of grains.
Governor Tim Kaine declared a state of emergency Monday, authorizing state agencies to respond if local governments need assistance in the wake of the winter storm that began Sunday.
Tim Kaine declared a state of emergency.
07:47 Australia on Friday unveiled a colossal radio telescope that will allow astronomers to detect distant galaxies and explore the depths of the universe with unprecedented precision.
Australia unveiled a colossal telescope.
Fort Myers police say five people were arrested during a drug bust Thursday afternoon.
Five people were arrested during a drug bust.
Kroger Co. has recalled 32-ounce bags of Kroger fully cooked Buffalo-style chicken wings from stores in several states because of incorrect package labeling that could endanger people with certain allergies.
Kroger Co. has recalled bags cooked chicken wings.
JAPANESE shares have closed flat after trading in a tight range with many investors away for their summer holidays.
JAPANESE shares have closed flat.
A fire on Monday burned an estimated 10 acres in a cornfield in rural Aberdeen, said Warner Fire Department Assistant Fire Chief Bryce Neiger.
A fire burned an 10 acres.
Syrian authorities have uncovered an al-Qaeda plot to bomb Damascus mosques around the main weekly prayers as a suspect detained on Thursday confessed that he had been planning a suicide bombing during Friday prayers at the Al-Rifai Mosque in the heart of the capital.
Syrian authorities have uncovered an al-Qaeda plot to bomb Damascus mosques.
The South Korean market was trading lower on Tuesday, tracking the overnight sell-off on Wall Street and the biggest one-day jump in crude oil prices.
The South Korean market was trading lower.
Global healthcare group GlaxoSmithKline PLC and Theravance Inc. Thursday reported the results of two pivotal 6-month efficacy and safety phase III studies of Relovair for patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, or COPD.
GlaxoSmithKline PLC reported the results of two phase III studies of Relovair.
A man charged in a deadly hit and run at 9th and Colorado appeared before a judge on Wednesday.
A man charged in a deadly hit and run appeared before a judge.
Two middle-aged men shot dead outside a Canberra house three days ago have been identified.
Two men shot dead outside a Canberra house have been identified.
Palestinians and settlers clashed and hurled stones at each other between the West Bank village of Burin and the community of Bracha, south of Nablus.
Palestinians and settlers clashed and hurled, south of Nablus.
British actor Hugh Grant has sparked rumors he is dating a former model 21 years his junior after the pair was photographed enjoying a romantic day out in New York's Hamptons.
Hugh Grant is dating a former model.
Mystic Seaport announced this afternoon that it has eliminated 23 full-time positions through a mix of layoffs, attrition and a voluntary separation package.
Mystic Seaport has eliminated 23 positions.
Actress Lindsay Lohan was released from jail early Monday after serving 13 days of a 90-day sentence for violating her probation on a 2007 drunk-driving charge, media reported.
Lindsay Lohan was released from jail after serving 13 days.
AEGON UK has combined its individual and corporate life and pensions business in a bid to improve customer service and product development.
AEGON UK has combined its individual and corporate life and pensions business.
Brazilian mobile telephony operator Claro has launched a reverse charge SMS service that enables people without credit to send messages to be paid by the recipient, under the condition that they accept the message.
Claro has launched a reverse charge SMS service.
Oil prices slipped below $80 a barrel Thursday as the US dollar strengthened, making commodities like crude more expensive for international investors.
Oil prices slipped below $ 80 as the US dollar strengthened.
A second woman has pleaded guilty to her role in staging an assault to try to increase the settlement in a sexual harassment case against their former employer.
A second woman has pleaded guilty.
Authorities were scouring the waters of Mobile Bay, Alabama, early Wednesday, looking for three people who went missing when a US Coast Guard helicopter crashed during a training mission.
Who went missing a US Coast Guard helicopter crashed.
KIDS bobbed for apples and stuffed their faces with sweets at Sandford Primary School summer fair.
KIDS bobbed for apples.
An Iron City, Tenn., man has been charged with two counts of arson after he was accused of setting fires Wednesday night at vacant houses.
An Tenn., man has been charged with two counts of arson.
Libyan rebels have captured Muammar Gaddafi's son Saadi, al-Arabiyah television reported on Monday, citing the head of the rebel National Transitional Council.
Libyan rebels have captured Muammar Gaddafi's son.
Three cars have been destroyed in an arson attack at a church in Newry, Co Down.
Three cars have been destroyed in an arson attack.
Japanese stocks opened sharply lower Thursday, with the key Nikkei index down 1.25 percent in early trading.
Japanese stocks opened sharply lower.
A ridge of high pressure is forecast to extend over central parts of the North Island on Wednesday and Thursday before weakening towards the weekend.
A ridge of high pressure is forecast to extend over parts of the North Island.
tekgoblin writes ``Earlier today Rhapsody, the biggest premium on-demand music service in the US, announced that they would be acquiring Napster and finalizing the purchase of the company by the end of November.
Rhapsody would be acquiring Napster.
Western Force captain David Pocock has put contract talks on the backburner in order to focus on keeping the Western Force settled.
David Pocock has put contract talks on the backburner.
Seoul, July 26 Hyundai Motor, South Korea's No.1 automaker, posted 2.5 trillion won in operating profit for the second quarter, a regulatory filing showed Thursday.
Hyundai Motor posted trillion won in operating profit.
The Copperheads improved to a 9-4 record, solidly sitting in second place in the division.
The Copperheads improved to a 9 4 record.
Ashton Kutcher visited Israel last weekend, reportedly to attend the birthday party for the founder of the Kabbalah Center in Jerusalem.
Ashton Kutcher visited Israel.
Dutch supermodel Lara Stone has won ''significant'' damages from French Playboy after the magazine published unauthorised photographs of her.
Dutch supermodel Lara Stone has won damages from Playboy.
Morehead State head volleyball coach Jaime Gordon and his staff will host a season ticket holder appreciation gathering before tonight's match against SIU Edwardsville.
Head volleyball coach Jaime Gordon will host a season ticket appreciation gathering before tonight's match.
Dan Uggla fields a deflection off Derek Lowe and tosses to first base for the out, ending the frame
Dan Uggla fields a deflection.
CAISTOR kids had a ball to celebrate the 50th anniversary of The Caistor Church of England and Methodist Primary School.
CAISTOR kids had a ball.
Federal MP Jamie Briggs says two community liaison officers have quit out of frustration at Inverbrackie detention centre in the Adelaide Hills.
Two liaison officers have quit at Inverbrackie centre.
Sean Parker, founder of MP3 program Napster and former president of Facebook, is engaged to girlfriend Alexandra Lenas, a New York-based singer.
Sean Parker is engaged to Alexandra Lenas.
Dubai-based Landmark Group has opened its first Spar hypermarket in northern India, with the inauguration of a 74,000 sq ft store in Delhi.The opening of the new store at Pacific Mall in west Delhi brings the total number of Spar hypermarkets in India to four.By the end of fiscal 2012 the chain aims to have 15 hypermarkets in operation across cities such as Chandigarh, Raipur, Noida and Ghaziabad.
Landmark Group has opened its first Spar hypermarket in northern India.
Fernando Alonso has warned Lewis Hamilton to cut out the rough stuff or face the consequences.
Fernando Alonso has warned Lewis Hamilton.
The Colombian government said on Sunday that it expected to continue its negotiation on a trade agreement with Japan after the massive earthquake that hit the Asian country on Friday.
The Colombian government said it expected to continue its negotiation on a trade agreement with Japan.
In this video learning how to buy scrap gold and silver will turn any jewelry novice into a money-making expert.
How to buy scrap gold and silver will turn.
Fewer young people are still learning after the age of 17 in the UK, a survey suggests.
Fewer young people are learning after the age of 17, a survey suggests.
*In an interview with ``Entertainment Tonight,'' Tito Jackson says he wants justice for his brother Michael's death following a cardiac arrest on June 25.
Tito Jackson says he wants justice for his brother.
Computer processing chip manufacturer AMD has promoted former national retail sales manager Peter Chambers to its country manager role for Australia and New Zealand.
AMD has promoted retail sales manager Peter Chambers to its country manager role.
James Bond has once again returned to Istanbul for ``Skyfall'', the latest film in the longest running series that this year celebrates half a century of the legendary spy in action, its director said Sunday.
James Bond has returned to Istanbul.
Best Buy, Canada's fastest growing retailer and e-tailer of consumer electronics, computers and entertainment products, is celebrating the grand opening its new store in Calgary beginning this Friday October 26 at Hanson Square, 17 th Avenue and 8 th Street SW.
Best Buy, Canada's retailer is celebrating the grand opening its new store in Calgary.
Nope, the four games I'm looking at this week are heavy on big guns, ammunition and high body counts.
The four games are heavy on guns, and high body counts.
The Toronto Raptors recalled rookie Solomon Alabi from the Erie BayHawks of the NBA Development League on Thursday.
The Toronto Raptors recalled rookie Solomon Alabi.
Circumcision, which has helped prevent AIDS among heterosexual men in Africa, doesn't help protect gay men from the virus, according to the largest US study to look at the question.
Circumcision doesn't help protect gay men.
Hair fetishist Danilo Restivo was given a ``whole life'' jail sentence at Winchester Crown Court today for the murder and mutilation of seamstress Heather Barnett, whose body he deliberately left for her children to find.
Hair fetishist Danilo Restivo was given a life sentence.
The press of course played down the controversy, but after President Obama gave the Security Council his Kumbaya about a nuclear-free world, French President Sarkozy mocked him mercilessly.
Sarkozy mocked Obama.
Chouteau will not be consolidating first and third grade classes after finding money outside the general fund to pay for two teachers' salaries.
Chouteau will not be consolidating classes.
Indian financial markets were closed Thursday after coordinated attacks by teams of gunmen across Mumbai, India's financial capital, left scores of people dead.
Indian financial markets were closed after attacks.
Hurricane Bill has weakened slightly to a Category 3 storm as it roars over the open Atlantic.
Hurricane Bill has weakened to a Category 3 storm.
A Surrey, BC, ambulance paramedic who lost his driver's licence over a seizure disorder has also lost his discrimination complaint at the BC Human Rights Tribunal.
A Surrey, BC, paramedic has lost his discrimination complaint.
Ooyala, an online video platform, announced that it now supports dynamic insertion of IAB-standard ads for the iPhone and iPad.
Ooyala supports insertion of ads for the iPhone and iPad.
Winn-Dixie Stores Inc. reported it has withdrawn its private-label reusable bags after media reports that lead was discovered in some reusable bags.
It has withdrawn its reusable bags.
Non-defensive assets have enjoyed a reversal of fortunes late in the week, with traders thankful for 'small mercies' such as the Spanish budget result.
Non-defensive assets have enjoyed a reversal of fortunes.
A Senate panel voted Tuesday to give President Barack Obama limited authority to continue the US military operation against Libya, exposing deep divisions in Congress over the commander in chief's actions.
A Senate panel voted to give Barack Obama limited authority to continue the US military operation against Libya.
The media is part of the establishment, as it has never fought against it, Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam-Fazl chief Maulana Fazlur Rehman told Daily Times Editor-in-Chief Najam Sethi on Friday.
The media is part of the establishment.
National Weather Service meteorologists said a borderline storm passed over the area Wednesday evening, knocking out power to 432 customers in southern Monroe.
A borderline storm passed, knocking out power to 432 customers.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper called the US deficit ``dangerous'' on Monday and said it would eventually require tax increases -- a path he said his Conservative government would avoid.
Stephen Harper called the US deficit dangerous.
President Goodluck Jonathan vowed on Saturday to ``crush the terrorists'' who set off a series of bombs across Nigeria on Christmas Day, while he visited a church in which one bomb killed at least 37 people.
Goodluck Jonathan vowed to crush the terrorists.
A Seattle medical marijuana entrepreneur whose dispensaries were raided last year was sentenced Wednesday in federal court.
A Seattle medical marijuana entrepreneur was sentenced.
After Oklahoma City Mayor Mick Cornett said he wouldn't allow a Lingerie Football League team to play in the city, the LFL has decided to withdraw its expansion into Oklahoma City.
The LFL has decided to withdraw its expansion into Oklahoma City.
Samuel Eto'o scored three goals help FC Barcelona easily beat Levante 5-1 in the Spanish league and increase the pressure on leader Real Madrid.
FC Barcelona beat Levante 5 1 in the Spanish league.
The voter turnout hit 40.38 percent in Tovuz as of 15:00, the Tovuz and the Tovuz-Gazakh-Agstafa Constituencies told Trend.
The voter turnout hit 40.38 percent in Tovuz as of 15:00.
Theatre Exhibition, Fairfield Museum and History Center will present Stories on the Green, performed by Ina Chadwick's MouseMuse Productions.
Theatre Exhibition, Fairfield Museum and History Center will present Stories on the Green.
Erode, Mar 3 An unidentified 30-year-old north Indian was allegedly beaten to death in the suburban region of Vandipalayam in the district, police said.
Erode, An Indian was beaten to death.
'Sex and the City' star Kim Cattrall finds dating ``scary but exciting'' but it makes her feeling like she's 14 again.
Sex and the Kim Cattrall finds dating scary.
Organisations are making plans to attract the Olympic torch relay to the East in the lead up to the start of London 2012.
Organisations are making plans to attract the Olympic torch relay.
today jointly announced the signing of a definitive merger agreement in which Celgene has agreed to acquire Abraxis BioScience.
Celgene has agreed to acquire Abraxis BioScience.
DEPECHE MODE have been forced to scrap four more shows on their Sounds of The Universe tour as frontman DAVE GAHAN battles gastroenteritis.
DEPECHE MODE have been forced to scrap four more shows.
Australia's Parliament House gift shop trashed 200 Barack Obama commemorative mugs - though not because the US president has twice canceled visits.
Australia's Parliament House shop trashed 200 Barack Obama mugs.
Andrea and husband Andrei are co-owners of the only It's A Grind in Southern California that's baking fresh muffins and cupcakes daily in a new oven installed at the coffee shop.
It 's.
Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe has been re-elected as Zanu-PF leader for the next five years, urging supporters to work for the survival of the party.
Robert Mugabe has been re-elected as Zanu-PF leader.
In the last column I discussed financial shock absorbers because of general uncertainty and volatility.
I discussed financial shock absorbers.
CONSUMER choices ``at the level of households, businesses and institutions'' will drive the change to a renewable energy society, Minister of Environment Earl Deveaux said at the launch of the Bahamas Waste biodiesel facility.
CONSUMER choices, will drive the change to a renewable energy society.
Milton Bradley, a 33-year-old corner outfielder with 125 career homers and 481 RBI, is making $12 million this year.
Milton Bradley is making $ 12 million this year.
Presumptive nominees John McCain and Barack Obama will star this fall in their own comic books put out by IDW Publishing, a San Diego-based publisher better known for telling the stories of robots and vampires.
John McCain and Barack Obama will star in their own comic books.
Indonesia has offered to buy 300,000 tons of rice from Myanmar and more amount will follow, official media reported Wednesday.
Indonesia has offered to buy 300,000 tons of rice from Myanmar.
A MAN has died while another remains in a critical condition after their car ran off a highway and crashed into a power pole on the Hunter Valley.
A MAN has died while another remains after their car ran off a highway and crashed into a power pole on the Hunter Valley.
Residents who live near the area's two Navy practice airfields will notice more Navy jets flying and for longer hours starting in early February, the Navy announced.
Residents will notice Navy jets flying and for longer hours starting in February.
LA Galaxy star David Beckham is keen to move back to England in a bid to push for a place in the World Cup.
LA Galaxy star David Beckham is keen to move back to England.
Oscar De La Hoya visited the Immigration and Customs Enforcement detention center in El Centro on Tuesday.
Oscar De La Hoya visited the center in El Centro.
Union Home Minister P Chidambaram said on Friday that Pakistan had failed on its promise to bring to justice all people -- masterminds, controllers and handlers -- involved in the 26/11 terror attacks, even after two years.
Pakistan had failed on its promise.
However, as the gender balance starts to tip, and an increasing number of women take part in online games, fashion designers including Giorgio Armani, Alberta Ferretti and Zac Posen have expanded into the virtual market, targeting the new, style-conscious female gamer.
Fashion designers, have expanded into the virtual market.
Hospital parking fees are essentially health care user fees and should be abolished, states an editorial in CMAJ.
Hospital parking fees are health care user fees.
Pakistani troops pressed their offensive against the Taliban in the northwest Swat district, closing in on a key town after pushing into a strategic valley, officials said.
Pakistani troops pressed, closing in on a key town.
The Bank of Japan trimmed its growth forecasts for the current and coming fiscal years in a fresh sign that it would take more time for the nation's economy to recover after the slowdown in the global economy and amid the yen's persistent strength.
The Bank of Japan trimmed its growth forecasts.
Filipino-British goal-keeper Neil Etheridge has signed a one-year contract extension with Premier League side Fulham FC, the club announced Wednesday.
Neil Etheridge has signed a contract extension with Fulham FC.
January 24, 2013 In a sign of New Jersey GOP Gov. Chris Christie's strength heading into his 2013 reelection, he's won over Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg.
He's won over Mark Zuckerberg.
Apr. 21, 2008 08:42 AM MADRID, Spain - Officials say a Spanish fishing boat with a crew of 26 has been hijacked off the coast of Somalia.
A fishing boat has been hijacked off the coast of Somalia.
The Romanian Parliament ratified with an overwhelming majority the EU Reform Treaty on Tuesday after the French President Nicola Sarkozy addressed the Romanian parliament Monday.
The Romanian Parliament ratified with an majority the EU Reform Treaty.
A late-night prank ended disastrously Wednesday when a Toronto teacher was struck by a minivan after vandals egged his Etobicoke home.
A Toronto teacher was struck by a minivan after vandals egged his home.
India on Thursday described visiting British Foreign Secretary David Miliband's remarks on Kashmir as an 'unsolicited advice' and said it did not need such advice on its internal issues.
India did not need advice.
The staff running room at Barwadih station under ECR's Dhanbad division has been declared the most modern running room equipped with all kinds of facilities for drivers.
The staff room at Barwadih station has been declared the modern running room.
The Spanish Government is getting ready to increase VAT, marking a trend reversal from its campaign promises.
The Spanish Government is getting ready to increase VAT.
Typhoon Nuri has lashed Hong Kong with heavy rain and strong winds, sparking major flight delays, disrupting public transport and halting trade on the city's financial markets.
Typhoon Nuri has lashed Hong Kong.
China is ``faithfully fulfilling its international obligations'' and ``strives to foster a peaceful international environment'', a state official has said.
China is fulfilling its obligations.
Unlike many others I'm not surprised that you are joining the Toon and the Baggies in the Prem next year.
I 'm not surprised.
Students from one Wilton family raised some funds this past weekend for the Haiti earthquake-relief effort.
Students from one Wilton family raised some funds for the Haiti effort.
ST. LOUIS The St. Louis Rams got a lift for their struggling offense, activating wide receiver Mark Clayton from the PUP list.
St. Louis Rams got, activating Mark Clayton from the PUP list.
Two US drones strikes in north-west Pakistan have killed up 21 people on Thursday and wounded several others, according to Pakistani officials.
Two US drones strikes in Pakistan have killed up 21 people.
San Francisco has always had a reputation as an environmentally conscious city, however it has set its sights on becoming the greenest city in the country by turning 100% sustainable by 2020.
San Francisco has set on becoming by turning 100% sustainable by 2020.
An Open Day for Bulgarians was held on Tuesday at the Chinese frigate ``Yantai'', which arrived at the Black Sea port of Varna to make a five-day goodwill visit.
An Open Day for Bulgarians was held at the Chinese frigate Yantai.
It came as a surprise after speaking at a San Diego prison ministry banquet dinner when Marty Angelo received a special recognition award.
Marty Angelo received a special recognition award.
A Braintree police officer was struck by a car while directing traffic outside South Shore Plaza.
A Braintree officer was struck by a car.
Journalists here had to run for their dear lives after marauding Zanu PF youths chased them away from a meeting aimed at discussing the fate of Hurungwe East legislator Sarah Mahoka, who faces expulsion from the party.
Journalists had to run for their dear lives.
Federal officials are trying to ease concerns about the threat of radiation exposure in the US, and are monitoring radiation levels around the clock at several locations.
Federal officials are trying, and are monitoring radiation levels around the clock.
State leaders pay tribute to all RI veterans of war by laying a wreath on The Garden of Heroes at the State House.
State leaders pay tribute to all RI veterans of war.
Israel clinched a deal on Wednesday to abolish wholesale exemptions from military service for Jewish seminary students, ended a brief crisis that divided the ruling coalition parties.
Israel clinched a deal to abolish exemptions from military service.
US President Barack Obama prayed Thursday that ``a better day will dawn over Egypt,'' and citizens of the crisis-torn Arab nation will realize their aspirations for greater human rights and freedom.
Barack Obama prayed a better day will dawn over Egypt, will realize.
A new specialty license plate recognizing Ohio's volunteers is now available through the Ohio Bureau of Motor Vehicles.
A license plate recognizing Ohio's volunteers is.
Governor Haley Barbour toured flooded areas on the state today.
Haley Barbour toured flooded areas.
Two men have been shot to death at an East St. Louis gas station, while a third managed to escape.
Two men have been shot to death at an East St. Louis gas station.
The Qatari Embassy in Cairo this evening hosted a reception to celebrate the National Day and the anniversary of the founder of the State of Qatar, Sheikh Jassim bin Mohammed Al Thani assuming rule the country.
The Qatari Embassy in Cairo hosted to celebrate the National Day.
Pakistan's foreign exchange reserves fell to $16.42 billion in the week ended February 24 because of a repayment of an International Monetary Fund loan, compared with $16.64 billion the previous week, the central bank said on Thursday.
Pakistan's foreign exchange reserves fell to $ 16.42 billion.
Mainland stocks closed slightly lower on Wednesday despite the rebounds on neighboring bourses, dragged by coal producers and banks.
Mainland stocks closed slightly lower on Wednesday.
US Sen. Scott Brown has met with Massachusetts fishermen at the state's top ports this weekend.
Scott Brown has met with Massachusetts fishermen.
Former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld has scheduled a visit to Fort Bliss for next week.
Donald Rumsfeld has scheduled a visit to Fort Bliss.
Dave Tippett has agreed to a contract extension in principle to remain with the Coyotes, according to the Arizona Republic.
Dave Tippett has agreed to a contract extension to remain with the Coyotes.
A badly injured woman tramper was airlifted to safety this morning after two freezing nights in the bush in the Tararua Ranges.
A badly injured woman tramper was airlifted after two nights in the bush.
A 20-year-old Las Vegas woman found shot to death in an empty lot has been identified as Shanta Renee Eddings, the Clark County coroner's said today.
A woman found shot to death in an empty lot has been identified.
Iran has offered Ankara 4-5 oil small oil fields which Turkey will offer to the private sector, with each field requiring up to $100-200 million of investment, Energy Minister Taner Yildiz said on Monday.
Iran has offered oil small fields Turkey will offer.
CLEVELAND -Guard Delonte West signed a multiyear deal with the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday, ending concerns the restricted free agent would hold out at training camp.
Delonte West signed a deal with the Cleveland Cavaliers.
The big drugstore chain Walgreens is buying the online drugstore Drugstore.com for $409 million in cash, Dealbook reports.
Walgreens is buying the drugstore Drugstore.com for $ 409 million.
Catch UFC 104 live as results come in on the Machida v. Shogun fight and other fight cards.
UFC 104 live as results come.
Asian stocks rose, lifting the MSCI Asia Pacific Index to its first weekly gain in four, after commodity prices gained and fewer-than-estimated Americans applied for jobless benefits.
Asian stocks rose after commodity prices gained.
Opposition Leader Tony Abbott says 'younger professional women' don't like him because they don't appreciate being told what to do.
Younger women don't like Tony Abbott.
A US hiker has been gored to death by a mountain goat in the Olympic National Park in the state of Washington.
A US hiker has been gored to death by a mountain goat.
A Calgary man has been sentenced to life in prison with no chance of parole for 25 years for raping and strangling his 17-year-old stepdaughter two years ago.
A Calgary man has been sentenced to life.
Two-time champion Amelie Mauresmo withdrew from the Italian Open on Sunday due to a rib injury.
Amelie Mauresmo withdrew from the Italian Open due to a rib injury.
Hezbollah has plans to hit Western targets if the US tries to destroy Iran 's nuclear programme, Canadian intelligence reports say.
Hezbollah has plans to hit Western targets.
The first USB 3.0 product has been certified, bringing the general IT world one step closer to the next high speed data transfer interface threshold.
The first USB 3.0 product has been certified.
LONDON -The English Football Association says Arsenal and Newcastle have each been fined 30,000 pounds over a mass confrontation during their bad-tempered Premier League opener.
Arsenal and Newcastle have been fined over a mass confrontation.
Kordell Stewart admits that he changed the locks on the mansion he shared with Porsha Stewart to protect his family.
Kordell Stewart admits he changed the locks.
The judge who will determine Lindsay Lohan's fate in the probation and grand theft cases will be the middleman in plea negotiations today between Lindsay and the prosecutor ... and sources connected with the case tell TMZ ... the judge thinks Lindsay should do time.
The judge thinks Lindsay should do time.
A Tulsa County grand jury investigating allegations of wasteful spending by Skiatook Public Schools issued two sealed indictments late Friday and issued a report saying it had ``no confidence in the ability'' of the interim superintendent to lead the district.
A grand jury issued two indictments.
She said: ``I grew up in LA with a really creative group of kids and everyone's family did something in the industry so we started making movies in kindergarten, the first thing I did was 'Wizard of Oz' in kindergarten, which my friend Clay and I spearheaded.''
I grew up so we started, the thing I did was.
HealthAlliance of the Hudson Valley® is now offering a comprehensive outpatient weight management program through individualized counseling and classes at the Diabetes Education Center, at 37 Albany Avenue in Kingston.
HealthAlliance is now offering a weight management program.
US diplomats evacuated Central African Republic on Friday according to the State Department, as rebels swept across the country seizing towns and diamond mines and threatening to oust the government.
US diplomats evacuated Central African Republic.
Bert Bank, a survivor of the World War II Bataan Death March, a former state legislator and founder of University of Alabama football radio network, died Monday at the age of 94.
Bert Bank, died at the age of 94.
Four people were arrested in a Morgan County meth bust Wednesday.
Four people were arrested in a Morgan County meth bust.
Bangladesh's interim government Saturday launched its tourism brand name ``Rupomoy Bangladesh'' in a bid to attract tourists from home and abroad, dpa reported.
Bangladesh's government launched its tourism brand name.
Intact Financial Corporation today announced that it has completed the $300 million sale of AXA Life Insurance Inc. to SSQ, Life Insurance Company Inc.
Intact Financial Corporation has completed the sale of AXA Life Insurance Inc. to SSQ, Life Insurance Company Inc..
The Winnipeg Jets are pleased to announce they have agreed to terms with forward Jason Jaffray on a new contract.
The Winnipeg Jets have agreed to terms with Jason Jaffray.
Motown legend Smokey Robinson made a special appearance during Monday night's season finale of ``The Sing-Off.''
Smokey Robinson made a special appearance during Monday night's finale of The Sing-Off.
Singer Eddy Grant is threatening to sue pop group Gorillaz, claiming Damon Albarn's cartoon band have ``stolen'' from one of his tracks.
Singer Eddy Grant is threatening to sue Gorillaz.
Richard Branson is to produce a film about explorer Christopher Columbus, possibly to be directed by McG.
Richard Branson is to produce a film about Christopher Columbus.
London, Nov 8 Singer-actress Miley Cyrus plans to celebrate her 18th birthday with her divorcing parents.
London, Miley Cyrus plans to celebrate her 18th birthday with her parents.
Publishing house Penguin has said that it plans to publish new titles simultaneously in ebook, or electronic, format from this autumn in response to signs of growing reader demand for digital books.
Penguin plans to publish new titles in ebook.
Harvey D. Schultz seems to have missed what the remainder of the Township see -- a mayor and council that is working well together and getting the business of the Township done.
The remainder of the Township see -- a mayor and council that is working well together.
Cuban Defence Minister Julio Casas Regueiro, a veteran of the revolution, has died of heart failure, aged 75.
Cuban Defence Minister Julio Casas Regueiro has died.
Research in Motion Ltd. spent $313,322 in the first quarter to lobby on patent reform and other issues, according to a recent disclosure form.
Research in Motion Ltd. spent $ 313,322 in the first quarter to lobby on patent reform and other issues.
Eight illegal Israeli workers have been deported from the UK this week after were found to be selling beauty and hair products to Christmas shoppers at Cribbs Causeway.
Eight illegal Israeli workers have been deported from the UK.
Sen. Jim Marzilli, D-Arlington, was arrested in Lowell Tuesday afternoon after allegedly assaulting a female on Middle Street, said Corey Welford, spokesman for the Middlesex District Attorney Gerry Leone.
Sen. Jim Marzilli was arrested.
I really can't believe someone makes Rihanna kitchen scales featuring an iPod dock.
I can't believe someone makes.
Speakers at a seminar were unanimous that the gas pipeline from Central Asian states to Pakistan, India and China would not only resolve the energy crisis confronting the region but also would bring in economic development and empowerment of the peoples of the entire region.
The gas pipeline, would resolve would bring in economic development.
It's almost certain that the government employees will not get bonus before Dashain this year as the one-third budget sanctioned by the caretaker government will finish by then, finance ministry officials said.
The government employees will not get bonus before Dashain.
TEHRAN -The Head of Afghanistan Office of Iranian Foreign Ministry Mohsen Pak-Aein said regional countries are ready to train Afghan forces to provide security.
Regional countries are ready to train Afghan forces to provide security.
VEVO is set to launch in Australia and New Zealand on April 16 in partnership with MCM Media.
VEVO is set to launch in Australia and New Zealand.
Rio Ferdinand has withdrawn his appeal against the additional one-match suspension he incurred for a ``frivolous'' challenge to a violent conduct charge brought against him by the Football Association.
Rio Ferdinand has withdrawn his appeal.
South American legend Jorge Ricardo, the first jockey in the world to ride 10,000 winners, is to take an extended break from race-riding to undergo chemotherapy treatment for low-grade lymphoma in his native Brazil.
Legend Jorge Ricardo is to take to undergo chemotherapy treatment.
West Virginia Attorney General Darrell McGraw is warning travelers about a telephone scam targeting travelers.
West Virginia Attorney General Darrell McGraw is warning travelers about a telephone scam.
Michael apparently wrote a letter to Billy Ray in a RadarOnline.com exclusive to let him know he can relate to what he's going through after seeing his daughter, Lindsay Lohan, self-destruct in the face of fame.
Michael wrote a letter to Billy Ray to let him know he can relate to what he's going through.
Fear always cripples your instinct to act, which may actually make you more fearless in the long run.
Fear cripples your instinct.
Pressure measuring in hydraulic applications requires high standards of the measuring devices used.
Pressure measuring in hydraulic applications requires.
Several hundred residents along portions of the Stillaguamish River northeast of Everett were told to consider evacuating as the river and its forks tied or exceeded record levels.
Hundred residents along portions of the Stillaguamish River were told to consider evacuating.
Spirit Aerosystems posted a disappointing net-income loss of $95-million dollars for the second quarter of 2009, the company's CEO announced Thursday.
Spirit Aerosystems posted a loss for the second quarter.
British Airways launches its great big sale with thousands of flights in all cabins and hundreds of holidays on offer.
British Airways launches its great big sale.
Funds inflows into Qatar totalled QR477mn in May, reversing a trend seen in 2011-12 when foreign funds had exited the country, a new report has shown.
Funds inflows into Qatar totalled QR477mn in May.
Satellite communications company Thuraya has been roped in to enhance the quality and reliability of communications during Abu Dhabi motor rally.
Satellite company Thuraya has been roped to enhance the quality of communications during Abu Dhabi motor rally.
You bet your ass, Terrence Malick is becoming a workaholic.
Terrence Malick is becoming a workaholic.
Daily deals website Groupon will list its shares on the Nasdaq, two sources familiar with the situation said.
Groupon will list its shares on the Nasdaq, two sources said.
Axa has unveiled a new range of variable annuity products it is piloting with a small group of specialist IFAs.
Axa has unveiled a range of variable annuity products.
Sullivan County has declared a flood watch through tomorrow as the county braces for rain, snow melt and runoff.
Sullivan County has declared a flood watch.
``There are 5-6 underground casinos in Bishkek,'' announced the president of Gambling Association Mirlan Tashmanbetov on today's press conference in 24.kg news agency.
There are 5 - 6 underground casinos in Bishkek.
Independent MP Andrew Wilkie says he supports the move for the Federal Government to implement a carbon tax.
Andrew Wilkie supports the move to implement a carbon tax.
A longtime Microsoft developer evangelist and 19-year company veteran who has of late been in charge of Microsoft's startup program will retire later this year, the company confirmed today.
A Microsoft developer evangelist will retire.
STEVEN WHITTAKER will be forced to pull out of the Scotland squad today with a hamstring injury.The Rangers right-back picked up the knock in the midweek Champions League tie against Unirea.He started Gers' 2-1 home win over St Mirren yesterday but went off at half-time when the muscle tightened Whittaker now won't be available to George Burley for the friendly against Wales in Cardiff on Saturday.Ibrox gaffer Walter Smith said: ``It's a hamstring injury.
STEVEN WHITTAKER will be forced to pull out of the Scotland squad said : It's a hamstring injury.
IANS reported that Gujarat government has approved 34 solar power projects at an investment of INR 12,000 crore over the next few years to rank it the top Indian state for this clean energy.
Gujarat government has approved 34 solar projects.
Dec.11 Kimi Raikkonen has hurt his wrist during a snowmobile racing crash in Austria.
Kimi Raikkonen has hurt his wrist during a snowmobile racing crash.
A federal lawsuit is alleging that a Chicago landlord discriminated against African-American tenant prospects.
A lawsuit is alleging a Chicago landlord discriminated.
Former Blues boss Jim Magilton has denied any wrongdoing in the wake of his suspension by QPR.
Jim Magilton has denied any wrongdoing.
High crude prices may derail growth in China and India, the two nations that have helped the global economy overcome the financial crisis, the International Energy Agency said.
High crude prices may derail growth in China and India.
A car crashed into a hospital Thursday.
A car crashed into a hospital.
London could bear the brunt of the recession while many of England's northern cities weather the storm, a report revealed.
London could bear the brunt of the recession.
Arsenal beat Manchester City thanks to a goal by Arteta;
Arsenal beat Manchester City.
Local communities are increasingly seeking economic benefit from mining activities in their regions through equity stakes, infrastructure development, job creation and improving the communities' ability to supply services and goods, international consulting firm Synergy Global Consulting director Paul Kapelus tells Mining Weekly.
Communities are seeking economic benefit from mining activities.
This is the first time Edward James Olmos has filmed anything in Calexico he's passed by this town many times.
Edward James Olmos has filmed anything in Calexico he's passed.
But the issue we now encounter are the appraisals are lagging behind the market; therefore, they do not match the current market values or the sold price.
The appraisals are lagging behind the market.
No. 17 Wisconsin beats Nebraska 77-46 Ben Brust admitted he didn't crash the offensive boards hard when teammate Sam Dekker had the ball in his hands.
No. 17 Wisconsin beats Nebraska 77 46.
RIO DE JANEIRO US technology giant Apple on Tuesday lost the right to use the iPhone brand in Brazil, according to the country's National Industrial Property Institute.
Apple lost the right to use the iPhone brand in Brazil.
MORE convicts in Wigan are returning to a life of crime within months of serving jail or community sentences, latest figures reveal.
Convicts are returning to a life of crime.
The value of retail sales in the UAE is projected to grow by 16.5 per cent in 2010 due to increasing consumer confidence in the market, according to a report by Business Monitor International.
The value of retail sales in the UAE is projected to grow by 16.5 per cent in 2010.
A Bartlett patrol officer has been arrested for assaulting his girlfriend by dousing her with gasoline.
A Bartlett officer has been arrested for assaulting.
Barack Obama has become the first US President to host a Twitter town hall meeting to reach out to weary Americans on a range of issues, including the state of the world's largest economy.
Barack Obama has become the first US President to host a Twitter town hall meeting.
With the reduction in global oil prices, oil refineries have started pressing the government to withdraw the decision of reducing deemed duty by 2.5 percent on diesel, sources told Daily Times on Tuesday.
Oil refineries have started pressing to withdraw the decision of reducing deemed duty.
Marks \u0026 Spencer director of lingerie and beauty Janie Schaffer has exited the retailer after three months, piling more pressure on its struggling clothing business.
Marks \u0026 Spencer director of lingerie and beauty Janie Schaffer has exited after three months.
CHICAGO Chicago Blackhawks captain Jonathan Toews missed his fourth straight game because of concussion-like symptoms, sitting out Friday night against Montreal.
Jonathan Toews missed his fourth straight game.
Riyaz Bhatkal, alleged founder of terror outfit Indian Mujahideen, while advocating Jihad to the other IM members had said that Jihad should be practised not just through weapons but also through technology.
Jihad should be practised but also through technology.
ST KILDA defender Zac Dawson lived the fairytale, according to coach Ross Lyon, when he kicked the match-sealing goal against Carlton last night and kept his team on top of the ladder.
Zac Dawson lived the fairytale.
The state has announced it will seek the death penalty against both suspects in a Cocke County triple killing.
The state will seek the death penalty in a killing.
Women are being urged to attend their cervical screening appointments in an effort to rule out cancer.
Women are being urged to attend their cervical screening appointments.
Energy firm EDF Group has selected InStep Software's predictive asset analytics software to monitor its nuclear power plant fleet in France.
EDF Group has selected InStep Software's software to monitor its nuclear power plant fleet in France.
Four hours after she joined Twitter, she had over 70,000 followers.
She joined Twitter.
State and federal housing ministers have created an ``illusion'' of government action on housing affordability, the head of the Australian Local Government Association has said.
Housing ministers have created an illusion of action.
Africa will veto any climate change deal that does not meet its demand for money from rich nations to cut the impact of global warming on the continent, Ethiopian Prime Minister Meles Zenawi said on Thursday.
Africa will veto any climate change deal.
The return of the Glastonbury Festival after a year off feels like ``a big family reunion'', according to organiser Emily Eavis.
The return of the Glastonbury Festival feels like a big family reunion.
The Football Association has reinstated League Two outfit Bradford City into this year's FA Cup.
The Football Association has reinstated Bradford City into this year's FA Cup.
Italy plans to create an ad hoc sovereign fund to invest in strategic companies such as dairy firm Parmalat and shield them from hostile foreign takeovers.
Italy plans to create an sovereign fund.
Finnish telephone supplier Nokia is planning to roll out its mobile banking service, Nokia Money, in many Indian cities soon, a Nokia official said.
Nokia is planning to roll out its mobile banking service in many Indian cities.
The US proposed reopening its highways to Mexican trucks under a test program that would require Mexican drivers to be proficient in the English language and US traffic laws.
The US proposed reopening its highways to Mexican trucks.
Singer Eddie Fisher, who was once married to Elizabeth Taylor, has died at the age of 82.
Eddie Fisher has died at the age of 82.
A change has once again fired up the Aberdare blaze, with the front now heading towards Neath.
A change has fired up the Aberdare blaze.
ABIDJAN, Catholic charity Caritas said in a statement Saturday that 1,000 people had been killed or ``disappeared'' in the western Ivory Coast town of Duekoue, where mass graves were reported found after heavy fighting.
1,000 people had been killed or disappeared in the Ivory Coast town.
Rick Rypien of Vancouver was suspended by the NHL because of an altercation with a fan.
Rick Rypien of Vancouver was suspended by the NHL.
Balamory, the fictional town,populated by a number of cartoon characters is all set to become an Eco-Town, and a centre for affordable housing for many people living in London.
Balamory is set to become an Eco-Town.
Gun crime figures to be released this week by the Government will massively underestimate the true scale of the problem, it has been claimed.
Gun crime figures will underestimate.
Rihanna has allegedly written about Chris Brown in a new song that has surfaced on the internet.
Rihanna has written about Chris Brown in a new song.
Egypt has recalled its ambassador to the Vatican after Pope Benedict XVI appealed to Egypt and Iraq to do more to protect their Christian minorities, in his address to ambassadors on Monday.
Egypt has recalled its ambassador to the Vatican.
A FEARED Taleban commander known for beheading his opponents yesterday died in custody from wounds sustained during a firefight with Pakistani security forces last week, the military said.
A Taleban commander died in custody.
Stoke City have completed a £2.5million deal to bring in Brek Shea to the Britannia Stadium.
Stoke City have completed a deal to bring in Brek Shea.
Kansas City police are looking for the owner of an urn containing ashes that was found earlier this month on the city's north side.
Kansas City police are looking for the owner of an urn containing ashes.
Tons of parents and kids filled Picnic Rocks, learning water safety tips.
Tons of parents and kids filled, learning water safety tips.
Container service reliability has improved for the second quarter in a row during the third quarter of 2011, analysts claim.
Container service reliability has improved.
Motorola has uncovered their Motoactv, and a quick visual review shows us how similar it is to the Nano.
Motorola has uncovered their Motoactv, and a quick visual review shows.
Former New Mexico governor Gary Johnson has launched a long-shot, third-party bid for the White House that could hurt Republican efforts to oust US President Barack Obama in 2012.
Gary Johnson has launched a, bid for the White House.
Indian tennis star Sania Mirza is going to marry Pakistani cricketer Shoaib Malik next month, April.
Sania Mirza is going to marry Shoaib Malik next month.
European new car sales rose 11.2 per cent year on year in October, figures boosted by the continued success of scrappage incentive schemes across the continent.
European car sales rose 11.2 per cent year.
Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra on Tuesday led a government roadshow to Hong Kong to extol the virtues of investing in Thailand.
Yingluck Shinawatra led a roadshow to Hong Kong.
Conn. state marshal apologizes for taking lap dance at club where he was to serve warrant
Conn. marshal apologizes for taking lap dance.
For the second time in a little more than a month a deer has crashed into a Brainerd senior residence, breaking windows, but not harming anyone.
A deer has crashed into a senior residence.
A refugee family welcomed to West Michigan by their church, is now paying it forward.
A refugee family, is paying forward.
Boeing won new orders for 44 737s, according to the weekly update to the company's orders and deliveries website.
Boeing won orders for 44 737s.
Here, he offers tips on how to create the ultimate A-list bachelor pad on a budget.
He offers tips on how to create the A-list bachelor pad.
Zdeno Chara was hospitalized for dehydration late on Friday night, according to a report from the team on Saturday morning.
Zdeno Chara was hospitalized for dehydration late on Friday night.
Weezer kicks off its ``Memories'' tour this month in Los Angeles in support of its latest release, Hurley.
Weezer kicks off its Memories tour this month in Los Angeles.
North Alabama is exploring a move to Division I with a looming exodus from the Gulf South Conference threatening to leave the small college power stranded in a shrinking league.
North Alabama is exploring a move to Division I.
Opposition leader Tzipi Livni congratulated the Shalit family following the Cabinet's approval of the prisoner exchange deal that would see their son Gilad Shalit released from captivity.
Tzipi Livni congratulated the Shalit family.
The UK Tornado fighter jet crashed soon after taking off at a major NATO base in southern Afghanistan on Monday.
The UK Tornado fighter jet crashed after taking off at a NATO base in Afghanistan.
Top oil exporter Saudi Arabia will expedite work on two offshore gas fields in the kingdom as it seeks to meet growing domestic energy demand, a report said.
Saudi Arabia will expedite work on two gas fields.
FAA to staff 72 airport control towers at night Seventy-two airport towers and other air traffic control facilities that were slated to close at night due to budget cuts will get to stay open, the Federal Aviation Administration said Wednesday.
FAA to staff 72 airport control towers at night.
Wayne Bridge is refusing to play for England in the wake of teammate John Terry's alleged affair with his former partner, saying Thursday that his presence in the World Cup squad could be ``divisive.''
Wayne Bridge is refusing to play for England.
A WOMAN from Gwabalanda in Bulawayo was burnt to death after an unidentified object burst into flames when she lit garbage collected from a section of the suburb on Tuesday last week.
A WOMAN was burnt to death.
Former Governor General of Canada Romeo LeBlanc died on June 24, 2009 at his home in New Brunswick after a long struggle with Alzheimer's disease.
Former Governor General of Canada Romeo LeBlanc died.
The French government on Friday informed that three hostages held captive by al-Qaeda were freed in Niger, Radio France Internationale reported.
Three hostages held by al-Qaeda were freed in Niger.
British comedy legend Sir Norman Wisdom has died at the age of 95 after a prolonged period of ill-health, his family have said.
Sir Norman Wisdom has died.
Chinese soldiers are banned from opening blogs on the Internet for confidentiality concern, according to revised regulations of the People's Liberation Army, Xinhua reported Saturday.
Chinese soldiers are banned from opening blogs on the Internet.
Mary O'Leary and Mary Legnard, Bethel's Registrar of Voters, have announced that the voter redistricting map has been completed and a new district has been added.
The voter redistricting map has been completed.
Brian Belo thinks 'Big Brother' needs ``sexy'' contestants if it is to be a success on Channel 5.
Big Brother needs sexy contestants.
Undeclared curfew continued in the downtown and Shehar-e-Khas areas of the summer capital, Srinagar, for the second day today to prevent any untoward incident.
Undeclared curfew continued in the downtown areas of the capital, Srinagar.
But, according to experts, landowners should consider whether their particular ag exemption is the best for their situation.
Landowners should consider their exemption is.
A Tory MP was stopped and searched by police on suspicion of being a terrorist after taking photos of a cycle path, he revealed yesterday.
A MP was stopped and searched by police on suspicion of being a terrorist after taking photos of a cycle path.
A Japanese woman was allegedly gangraped in Bihar by four people, including an autorickshaw driver, police said Saturday.
A Japanese woman was gangraped in Bihar.
WWF says LNP breaks Qld land law promise Updated: 16:25, Thursday May 16, 2013 Queensland's premier has backflipped on an election promise by allowing farmers to clear protected bushland, an environmental group says.
WWF says LNP breaks Qld land law promise.
Zambia has asked mining companies operating in the copper rich nation to protect their investment in the country by making their operations relevant to local communities and remitting taxes to the treasury.
Zambia has asked mining companies operating to protect their investment in the country.
Asian stocks gained led by higher commodity prices, US proposals to shore up the world`s largest economy.
Asian stocks gained led by commodity prices.
But that does not seem to be the case with Alyson Hannigan, who treated her daughter Satyana when she went on a coffee run in Los Angeles today.
Alyson Hannigan treated her daughter Satyana she went on a coffee run.
New Delhi, May 21 In steps to provide quality healthcare to citizens of Delhi, NDMC will upgrade all its healthcare facilities in collaboration with Quality Council of India.
New Delhi NDMC will upgrade its healthcare facilities.
Uquery.com have launched today a new AppStore search engine that allows every iPhone \u0026 iPod Touch fanatic to easily find the apps that they are looking for.
Uquery.com have launched a new AppStore search engine.
A woman has been charged after allegedly stabbing a man in the chest with a kitchen knife in Sydney's northwest, police say.
A woman has been charged after stabbing.
Bill Bray underwent Tommy John surgery on his elbow Tuesday morning and is expected to miss up to a year.
Bill Bray underwent Tommy John surgery.
Caroline Lucas has been elected as the UK's first Green MP after winning the seat of Brighton Pavilion.
Caroline Lucas has been elected as the UK's first Green MP.
ZIMBABWEAN leader Robert Mugabe is ready to step down after he accepted he failed to win the country's presidential election, a senior source in his ruling party and diplomats said today.
Robert Mugabe is ready to step, said.
Vision Critical, a leading provider of insight community technologies, has taken over DiscoverText, a robust cloud-based text analytics solution.
Vision Critical has taken over DiscoverText.
The City of Austin is considering extending downtown parking meter hours to the weekends and later during the week.
The City is considering extending meter hours.
Alfa Laval -- a world leader in heat transfer, centrifugal separation and fluid handling -- has completed the acquisition of Aalborg Industries Holding A/S, after having received clearance from the competition authorities.
Alfa Laval -- has completed the acquisition of Aalborg Industries Holding A / S.
Beth Jeans Houghton has plans to record her second album in Los Angeles after meeting Neil Young.
Beth Jeans Houghton has plans to record her album in Los Angeles.
Congressmen Patrick Kennedy, D-RI, has once again checked himself into a medical facility.
Patrick Kennedy has checked himself into a medical facility.
Two people were killed Tuesday evening when an ultra-light plane crashed in Kauhava, in southern Ostrobothnia.
Two people were killed an ultra-light plane crashed.
As pointed out by Josh Alper in the one-liners today, the Steelers are adding yet another minority owner to the ever-growing roster of folks who own slivers of the franchise.
The Steelers are adding another owner.
HOUSTON -Houston center Yao Ming left the Rockets' game against Indiana on Wednesday night with a cut over his right eye.
Yao Ming left with a cut over his eye.
ONE Training, a total wellness company dedicated to helping people live in balance, opened in Novi at 40400 Grand River, Suites I \u0026 J on Monday.
ONE Training opened in Novi.
Mobile phone giant Orange said it planned to axe up to 450 jobs under an overhaul of the UK business.
Orange planned to axe up to 450 jobs.
A Naperville man accused of masturbating outside an ice cream parlor has been charged with sexual exploitation of a child, police said Friday.
A Naperville man has been charged with sexual exploitation of a child.
Gary Coleman was formally charged Wednesday with reckless driving and disorderly conduct following an altercation at a bowling alley in Utah.
Gary Coleman was formally charged with reckless driving.
Boxing's pound-for-pound king Manny Pacquiao hinted at retirement on Monday, saying he didn't need to face Floyd Mayweather to cement his legacy in the ring.
Manny Pacquiao hinted at retirement.
It's hard to believe, but Summerfest starts tomorrow and the preparations are underway today.
It 's, but Summerfest starts tomorrow.
Paceman Munaf Patel will join the struggling Indian squad in Sri Lanka on Friday to bolster its attack for the ongoing cricket tri-series in Dambulla.
Munaf Patel will join the squad in Sri Lanka.
Actress Sienna Miller today accepted £35,000 damages in settlement of her privacy action against News Group Newspapers.
Sienna Miller today accepted 35,000 damages.
Russia successfully test launched two Bulava ballistic missiles on Friday, Defense Ministry spokesman Col Igor Konashenkov said.
Russia test launched two Bulava missiles.
50 Cent has launched his brand new wireless waterproof headphones in Germany, and took the opportunity to open up about his new movie.
50 Cent has launched his new headphones.
TWO-time A-League Golden Boot Shane Smeltz has confirmed he will make his return for Gold Coast United in Sunday's pre-season friendly against North Queensland Fury at Carrara Stadium after the disintegration of his short-lived move to Chinese outfit Shandong Luneng.
Shane Smeltz will make his return for Gold Coast United.
New Jersey Sen. Robert Menendez said ``nobody has bought me'' in an interview to be aired Sunday on Spanish-language channel Univision regarding allegations that he helped friend and campaign donor Dr. Salomon Melgen.
Robert Menendez said nobody has bought.
Russian fifth seed Maria Sharapova won the Australian Open final against fourth seed Ana Ivanovic of Serbia 7-5, 6-3 Saturday, claiming her third Grand Slam title.
Maria Sharapova won the final.
Gold rose on Friday on bargain hunting after it dropped to a three-week low, but gains may be limited with a firming dollar robbing the metal of some of its appeal as an alternative investment.
Gold rose on bargain hunting.
Perth's 800th anniversary celebrations are to get underway next weekend, when several events are held to officially launch the year-long event.
Perth's 800th anniversary celebrations are to get underway weekend.
Libya is facing a mental health crisis with experts warning of a lack of qualified health professionals to deal with the problem.
Libya is facing a mental health crisis.
A Columbus man who was wanted in Franklin County, Ohio, surrendered Wednesday after a standoff with Pittsburgh Police SWAT officers in Lawrenceville.
A man surrendered after a standoff with officers in Lawrenceville.
GLENDALE, Calif. DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. is buying AwesomenessTV, a YouTube teen network, for about $33 million in cash as it looks to tap into the popularity of online content.
DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. is buying AwesomenessTV for about $ 33 million.
centric digital company Break Media has acquired FileFront, a Web site geared for hardcore gamers.
Break Media has acquired FileFront.
Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari is likely to appoint former Attorney General Sardar Latif Khosa as the new Punjab Governor, according to Advisor to the President Qayyum Soomro.
Asif Ali Zardari is likely to appoint Attorney General Sardar Latif Khosa as the Punjab Governor.
A Phoenix woman arrested in connection with three homicide cases has pleaded not guilty to trafficking in stolen property and other charges.
A Phoenix woman arrested in connection with three homicide cases has pleaded not guilty to trafficking in stolen property.
Kazuo ``Kaz'' Hirai, considered by many to be the father of the PlayStation brand, will be stepping down from his position of Representative Director and Chairman of Sony Computer Entertainment, the division recently announced on its executive appointments briefing.
Kazuo ``Kaz'' Hirai will be stepping down from his position of Representative Director and Chairman of Sony Computer Entertainment.
The trade deficit widened to $2.027 billion in August, from a $1.53 billion deficit in July, as iron ore and coal prices plummeted, figures released by the Australian Bureau of Statistics today show.
The trade deficit widened.
His publicist says Academy Award-winning director Sydney Pollack was surrounded by family when he died at his home in Los Angeles.
Sydney Pollack was surrounded he died.
Pakistan rejects NATO statement of regret on the raid that killed 24 Pakistani troops.
Pakistan rejects NATO statement of regret.
The city of Morris is officially celebrating Halloween on Saturday, since the day falls on Sunday this year.
The city is celebrating Halloween on Saturday.
Rupert Everett has labeled Michael Jackson a ``freak'' and claimed that it was ``fortuitous'' he died when he did because he could never have completed his 50 gigs in London this summer.
Rupert Everett has labeled Michael Jackson a freak.
The Colombian priest who disappeared Sunday while on a nature walk was found dead Wednesday afternoon in a dense forest.
The Colombian priest who disappeared was found dead.
Crude oil prices fell by more than $9 a barrel Thursday, closing below $100 for the first time since March, but a proportional decrease in gas prices at the pump may not follow.
Crude oil prices fell.
Terrorist acts are violations of human rights, visiting Slovenian President Danilo Turk said on Tuesday in a lecture delivered at Kuwait University School of Law, Kuwait News Agency has reported.
Terrorist acts are violations of human rights.
SPIRIT DSP, the world's top voice and video over IP engines provider, today announced a significant upgrade to its TeamSpirit ® cross-platform voice and video engines, a set of sophisticated SDKs for service providers, software application developers and OEMs/ODMs to quickly launch
SPIRIT DSP, the world's voice and video, today announced a significant upgrade to its engines, a set of SDKs for service providers, application developers and OEMs / ODMs.
The Australian share market has closed marginally higher, with strength in the energy sector and positive company earnings reports offset by lower property and healthcare stocks.
The market has closed marginally higher.
Guns N' Roses and Marilyn Manson have been tapped to headline a new music festival in Spain which will feature 3 stages and 50 artists.
Guns N ' Roses and Marilyn Manson have been tapped to headline a new festival.
AP The war story ``The Hurt Locker'' and the recession tale ``Up in the Air'' have won top honors at the Writers Guild of America Awards.
The story The Hurt Locker and the tale Up in the Air have won top honors.
Schizophrenia with comorbid panic disorder, also known as panic psychosis, appears to be a distinct subtype of schizophrenia, according to a study published in Psychiatry Research.
Schizophrenia with panic disorder appears to be a distinct subtype.
WHILE Deputy Minister for Co-operative Governance and Traditional Affairs, Yunus Carrim was in the province to monitor municipalities yesterday, ANC councillors walked out of a Buffalo City council meeting in a dispute over an oversight committee.
ANC councillors walked out of a meeting.
Sri Lankan patriots in several thousands marched on foreign embassies on Thursday and Friday to express their anger and protest on US meddling in Sri Lanka's internal affairs.
Sri Lankan patriots in thousands marched on embassies.
AP Writer James Levine will have a kidney removed in surgery this week, causing the conductor to miss the remainder of the Boston Symphony Orchestra's Tanglewood season.
Writer James Levine will have a kidney removed.
A Syrian official on Monday confirmed that a teenage blogger was accused of spying for a foreign country after pro-Palestine writing, media reports said.
A Syrian official confirmed a teenage blogger was accused of spying for a foreign country.
US researchers have said that the best way to keep weight off long term is to lose it quickly, not gradually, in the initial stages of obesity treatment.
The best way to keep weight off long term is to lose quickly.
Swiss rider Fabian Cancellara won a record fourth time trial title with a dominant ride at the road world championships on Thursday.
Fabian Cancellara won a fourth time trial title.
Gujarat government today filed a chargesheet on IPS officer Rahul sharma over the issue of year 2002 Gujrat riot call record CDs.
Gujarat government today filed a chargesheet on Rahul sharma.
A 63-year-old Los Banos man died just after 6 pm Friday on Highway 152 near Chowchilla after his motorcycle crashed.
A Los Banos man died after his motorcycle crashed.
The Greek election over the weekend looms large over the currency markets.
The Greek election looms large over the markets.
The featured article is titled ``It's Called Search Engine ''Optimization`` for a Reason'' by George Qualley IV (Site Reference Newsletter) The latest Site Reference newsletter has been released.
It's Called Search Engine Optimization for a Reason by George Qualley IV (Site Reference Newsletter) The newsletter has been released.
Aflac Inc. said Monday that it will lose roughly $67 million after selling all its Greek sovereign debt as the insurer shifts to securities that are currently considered safer.
Aflac Inc. will lose roughly $ 67 after selling its Greek debt.
Breakaway Resources Limited is pleased to announce a new gold exploration initiative initially focused on two high quality gold projects in Western Australia identified as part of a recently completed strategic review of its exploration portfolio.
Breakaway Resources Limited is pleased to announce a gold exploration initiative.
Daisy Fuentes will launch a new fragrance called Mysterio at Kohl's in February 2011.
Daisy Fuentes will launch a new fragrance.
Filmmaker Sam Raimi is going to remake horror movie The Evil Dead, his first big directorial hit.
Filmmaker Sam Raimi is going to remake horror movie.
A church deacon from Preston was today due to be sentenced for 14 indecent assaults on children under the age of 13.
A church deacon was today due to be sentenced.
ESKOM said yesterday it could not afford wage demands sought by unions, adding to fears of a strike that could disrupt power supply during the Fifa World Cup.
ESKOM said it could not afford wage demands.
Bharti Airtel, India's leading telecommunications service provider, has launched an online contest termed 'It happens only in India', aimed at creating a buzz around its popular virtual calling card service - Airtel CallHome.
Bharti Airtel has launched an online contest It happens only in India.
US Representative Blaine Luetkemeyer visited Kirksville on Thursday.
Representative Blaine Luetkemeyer visited Kirksville.
The Memphis Grizzlies waived forward/center Brian Skinner, Grizzlies General Manager and Vice President of Basketball Operations Chris Wallace announced today.
The Memphis Grizzlies waived / Brian Skinner.
South Korea will become the fourth country in the world to allow the killing of whales, despite their status as an endangered species.
South Korea will become to allow the killing of whales.
On 2nd term eve, Obama cites commitment to service On the brink of a second term, President Barack Obama invoked Martin Luther King Jr.'s commitment to service Saturday as inauguration-goers flocked to the capital city for a distinctly American celebration including an oath-taking as old as the republic, a splashy parade and partying enough to last four years.
On 2nd term eve, Obama cites commitment to service.
Medical devices firm Smith \u0026 Nephew posted a better than expected 27% jump in first quarter profit and said it is on the right track for the rest of the year.
Smith \u0026 Nephew posted a 27% jump in profit.
Probably for Georgia it could be very important, however Georgian wine can only occupy about 4% of the entire Russian market which Onishenko thinks is not significant.
Georgian wine can occupy about 4% of the Russian market.
Kaco new energy, one of the world's largest solar inverter manufacturers with over three GW of PV inverters in the field to date, announces its US manufacturing partnership with Sanmina-SCI Corporation.
Kaco new energy announces its US manufacturing partnership with Sanmina-SCI Corporation.
A 29-year-old Wood River man has been formally charged with false imprisonment, assault and criminal mischief and the case has been bound over to York County District Court.
A man has been charged with false imprisonment, assault.
Actress/model Kelly Brook is upset and annoyed with magazine bosses at Top Sante magazine after they published a ``completely false'' interview with her, during which she appeared to discuss her 2011 miscarriage.
Kelly Brook is upset after they published a completely false interview.
More than 3,000 people -- mostly lawyers -- rallied on The Mall on Thursday.
More than 3,000 people -- lawyers -- rallied on The Mall.
Pakistan Saturday released 180 Indian prisoners - 179 fishermen and a civilian as a New Year gift for Indian fishermen.
Pakistan Saturday released 180 Indian prisoners.
Ghana and Gambia has agreed on a joint panel to investigate and establish the truth in the killings of some Ghanaian nationals in the neighbouring West African State.
Ghana and Gambia has agreed on a panel to investigate in the killings.
USD/JPY looking tired, I am told stop loss sell orders are in place below 92.85 Dollar bulls could see better levels to establish long positions 92.50?
USD / JPY looking tired.
City Theatre closes its 2007/08 season with Bust, written and performed by Lauren Weedman.
City Theatre closes its 2007/08 season with Bust.
Even though rare earth prices are soaring, many investors have overlooked a key sector which has pulled back providing a bargain opportunity before the rare earth crisis intensifies.
Rare earth prices are soaring.
Medical laboratory workers have accepted a pay offer by district health boards, ending a bitter 14 month dispute.
Medical laboratory workers have accepted a pay offer.
Today, The Washington Post``s Ruth Marcus reveals another leading journalistic value -- extreme deference to those in political power -- with a column denouncing Emma Sullivan, the 18-year-old high school student in Kansas who committed the crime of saying something disrespectful about the Hon. Sam Brownback, her state's Governor.
Ruth Marcus reveals another journalistic value.
A Spanish military helicopter fired on Somalian pirates in a failed bid to stop them from fleeing after they released the Alakrana tuna trawler, Spain's top military officer said Wednesday.
A Spanish military helicopter fired on pirates.
Suspicion that mobile phones could cause cancer has been around for many years, but the World's Health Organization has recently published an unsettling discovery to this regard: mobile phones can indeed cause cancer, actually a form of brain cancer called glioma, to be more exact.
Mobile phones can cause cancer.
A Lumberton man was killed Tuesday night in a single vehicle wreck on Rozier Church Road.
A man was killed Tuesday night in a wreck.
THE winds of change sweeping through Carlton appear to be gaining even greater force, with Blues midfielder Brock McLean believing the time is right for Chris Judd to step down as captain.
The time is right for Chris Judd to step down.
A man has been rebooked on drug charges in connection with a police-involved shooting in November.
A man has been rebooked on drug charges.
2012-07-02T23:55:24Z 2012-07-03T02:05:16Z Calif. ski town votes to file for bankruptcyThe Associated Press The Associated Press Councilmembers in a small ski town high in California's Sierra Nevada voted unanimously Monday to file for bankruptcy, the second local government in the state to recently make that decision.
2012 Calif. ski town votes voted to file for bankruptcy.
A Spanish man will reportedly set a world first when he gives birth to twins at the end of September.
He gives birth to twins.
Optoma has extended its full 1080p range with the EH1060 projector that boasts 3500 lumens and incorporates Crestron RoomView support.
Optoma has extended its 1080p range.
Max Angelelli and Ricky Taylor won the rain-shortened Grand Prix of Miami on Sunday at Homestead-Miami Speedway, in the No. 10 SunTrust Racing Corvette DP.
Max Angelelli and Ricky Taylor won the Grand Prix of Miami.
Country music icon Merle Haggard has returned home following lung cancer surgery last week at a hospital in Bakersfield, Calif., a publicist said Sunday.
Merle Haggard has returned home following surgery.
Stags won the final of 2nd SPM club cricket league final defeating Ludhiana Gymkhana by 26 runs here on Monday at Ali Garh cricket ground.
Stags won the final of 2nd SPM club cricket league.
The 19-year-old's lawyer Rex Butler says it is a ``foregone conclusion'' Johnston will pose nude in a Playgirl spread.
Johnston will pose nude in a Playgirl spread.
The CMU football team prepares for its game against MSU at Spartan Stadium in East Lansing.
The CMU team prepares for its game against MSU.
Secretary of Aging Brian Duke issued the following statement about the death of former Pennsylvania Governor George Leader.
Secretary of Aging Brian Duke issued the statement about the death of Governor George Leader.
Greenpeace could face fines of tens of thousands of dollars for multiple breaches of local maritime law after Tuesday's protest in Lyttelton Harbour.
Greenpeace could face fines.
A man accused of first-degree murder in northeastern New Brunswick has been sent for a 30-day psychiatric assessment.
A man accused of murder in New Brunswick has been sent for a psychiatric assessment.
HURRICANE Ernesto made landfall late Tuesday in Mexico's Yucatan peninsula after churning across the Caribbean Sea and drenching the coasts of Honduras and Belize, forecasters said.
HURRICANE Ernesto made in Mexico's Yucatan peninsula.
Days after his sister pulled out of the Olympic torch relay, Actor Saif Ali Khan reacts to the torch fiasco and says politics and sport should be kept separate.
Politics and sport should be kept separate.
A group of scientists headed by Nina Rohringer from the Hamburg Center for Free-Electron Laser Science realized the first X-ray laser based on atoms at the Californian research centre SLAC.
A group of scientists realized the first X-ray laser based on atoms.
A truck trailer loaded with cargo was stolen from a lot in Manheim Township Sunday night.
A truck trailer was stolen.
Many firms will take a ``gap year'' from green IT projects in 2009 as they look to shore up balance sheets hit by the global economic recession, according to Gartner.
Firms will take a gap year from green IT projects.
Maoist rebels killed eight villagers in an apparent revenge attack on suspected informers in a central Indian state, police said Sunday.
Maoist rebels killed eight villagers in an revenge attack.
Grupo Planeta's national private broadcaster Antena 3 has a new investor:
Antena 3 has a new investor.
A 73-year-old woman was grievously injured after being involved in a car incident on Triq San Annard in Zejtun yesterday afternoon.
A woman was grievously injured.
Mexican singer and TV personality Thalia announced via Twitter she has given birth to her second child, a son.
Thalia has given birth to her child, a son.
ABOUT 300 properties have been flooded in north and western Victoria.
ABOUT 300 properties have been flooded in Victoria.
Weather Channel meteorologist Tom Saunders said today that western Sydney had so far experienced its coldest summer on record, with average temperatures at Parramatta down three degrees on normal.
Sydney had experienced its coldest summer on record.
A suspected serial burglar who tried fleeing a courtroom in April pleaded not guilty Wednesday to 20 felonies related to a six-month string of break-ins across Spokane County -- including one a business owner discovered on Christmas Day.
A suspected burglar pleaded not guilty.
London, Nov 17 Australia strike bowler Mitchell Johnson says he has unfinished business with England and is ready to 'knock over guys like Strauss and Pietersen' in the Ashes series beginning next week in Brisbane.
Mitchell Johnson has and is ready to knock over guys like Strauss.
Regis High School will hold its annual open house at the end of the month for families who are considering their educational options, the school announced in a press release.
Regis High School will hold its open house.
Private operators can explore a variety of renewable energy sources in Mozambique, the country's Energy Minister said in Maputo at the end of a Council of Ministers meeting to approve the strategy for development of new and renewable energies.
Private operators can explore a variety of renewable energy sources in Mozambique.
A new species of the Brazilian porcupine has been discovered along Brazil's Atlantic coast.
A new species of the Brazilian porcupine has been discovered.
Spectrum Brands Inc. has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection as it lumbered under a heavy debt load.
Spectrum Brands Inc. has filed for bankruptcy protection.
FIFTH seed Ana Ivanovic has been knocked out of the Australian Open in the third round by Russian teenager Alisa Kleybanova.
Ana Ivanovic has been knocked out of the Australian Open.
Kuldeep Bishnoi, who was elected to the Lok Sabha from Hisar in Haryana, on Tuesday took oath as member of Parliament.
Kuldeep Bishnoi took oath as member.
A new report shows that little progress has been made in reforming the land sector since the implementation of the new law started a year ago.
Little progress has been made in reforming the land sector.
US stocks fell on Wednesday, with the S\u0026P 500 index posting its biggest daily decline in more than a month, after a weaker-than-expected survey of private employers raised concerns about the strength of the economy.
US stocks fell.
Sharjah-based low cost carrier Air Arabia, has added its second destination in Sri Lanka to its route network with the launch of non-stop flights to Mattala.
Carrier Air Arabia, has added its second destination in Sri Lanka.
Fayetteville police on Monday identified the woman killed in a Sunday morning motorcycle crash as Samantha Langston, 23, of Van Buren.
Police identified the woman killed in a motorcycle crash.
The Swedish Minister for Foreign Affairs, Mr. Carl Bildt, visits Indonesia 21-22 April at the invitation of the Indonesian Minister for Foreign Affairs, Dr. N. Hassan Wirajuda.
The Swedish Minister, Mr. Carl Bildt, visits Indonesia 21.
A ``majority'' of Church Street businesses oppose an outdoor smoking ban on the pedestrian mall, according to a new survey by the Church Street Marketplace District Commission.
A majority of Church Street businesses oppose an outdoor smoking ban.
The construction worker injured in a fall from a Wythe County building Monday has been identified as Jose Murilio.
The worker injured in a fall from a Wythe County building has been identified.
A family of four was rescued from a house fire in Stony Stratford in the early hours of this morning.
A family of four was rescued from a house fire.
Michael Wolff leaves his post as Editorial Director of leading media industry publication Adweek, parent company Prometheus Global Media announces today.
Michael Wolff leaves his post as Director of publication Adweek.
Illegal mining has been continuing unabated in Karnataka despite the ban imposed by the state government on iron ore exports.
Illegal mining has been continuing unabated despite the ban.
Kaohsiung County will connect 100km of bicycle trails by the end of this year to promote tourism in the area and offer a bicycle-friendly environment, a top official said yesterday.
Kaohsiung County will connect 100km of bicycle trails.
Radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh said that he will move to Costa Rica if Barack Obama's health care reform plan passes.
Rush Limbaugh will move to Costa Rica if Barack Obama's health care reform plan passes.
Chelsea centre-back Alex has been ruled out for up to three weeks with a thigh injury.
Chelsea centre-back Alex has been ruled out for up to three weeks.
A case was Monday registered against three CBI officials for allegedly beating and threatening suspended crime branch DYSP, N Abdul Rasheed,arrested in connection with the attack on a reporter of a Malayalam daily at Kollam last year.
A case was registered against three CBI officials.
BRITAIN edged ever closer to a recession on Tuesday and the IMF's top economist warned of a second Great Depression, as stock markets awaited fresh US growth data in the hope of some Christmas cheer.
BRITAIN edged closer to a recession.
Saif Ali Khan`s 'Go Goa Gone' will hit the screens in the New Year, and director Raj Nidimoru says it might release Feb 14, which happens to be Valentine`s Day.
Saif Ali Khan`s ' Go Goa Gone might release Feb 14, which happens to be Valentine`s Day.
Guide Dogs Scotland is calling for ``talking buses'' to be introduced across the country to cater for the needs of blind and partially sighted people.
Guide Dogs Scotland is calling for talking buses.
Like the song ``The Boys are Back'', the black bears are back in town.
The bears are back in town.
National energy company Ukrenergo has sold 550 MWs of electricity for export from March 1st 2012 to March 31st 2012 to two companies at an auction for access to the Ukrainian power grid for UAH 6,000.
National energy company has sold 550 MWs of electricity for export from March 1st 2012.
Haryana managed to take a slender first innings lead over Orissa before reducing them to 64 for five in their second essay at the end of the second day of their Ranji Trophy Super League Group B match on Thursday.
Haryana managed to take a first innings lead over Orissa.
In an Olympic medley of sports and politics, President Bush on Sunday called for more religious freedom in China, sought an end to an escalating conflict between Russia and Georgia and cheered US athletes as they dribbled and swam for the gold.
Bush called for more religious freedom in China.
Happy Sindane was found dead in Tweefontein, next to Kwamhlanga, on Monday, Mpumalanga police said.
Happy Sindane was found dead.
Tampa businesses are bracing for impact -- not from Tropical Storm Isaac, but protesters gearing up for the start of the Republican National Convention Tuesday.
Tampa businesses are bracing for impact, but protesters gearing up.
OIL prices dived below US$63 per barrel on Tuesday, hitting the lowest levels since May, amid heightened concerns about energy demand in a struggling global economy.
OIL prices dived below US $ 63.
A Rome woman told police that a laptop and cash was taken from her residence in a burglary, reports stated.
A laptop and cash was taken in a burglary.
The challenge at the current juncture was to revive private credit demand, a Reserve Bank deputy governor, told a conference on Wednesday, a day after the bank announced its second quarter monetary policy review.
The challenge was to revive private demand.
The Timbers announced they agreed to a deal with Songo'o on Thursday, signing the former Barcelona youth product after his solid showing in Portland's first four preseason games.
The Timbers agreed to a deal with Songo'o, signing.
Twitter has just officially announced Vine, a new way to share video directly through tweets.
Twitter has officially announced Vine, a new way to share video.
British band Coldplay won two top prizes at the Q music magazine awards on Monday, taking the Best Album title for chart-topper ``Viva La Vida or Death and All His Friends'' and the Best Act in the World accolade.
Coldplay won two top prizes at the Q music awards.
Transocean Ltd, the world's largest offshore drilling contractor, has found more work for four of its 28 midwater rigs, and three secured higher rates, according to its fleet update out on Thursday.
Transocean Ltd has found more work for four of its 28 midwater rigs.
Nova Scotia Power has pleaded guilty to a charge under the provincial Occupational Health and Safety Act over a fatal workplace accident.
Nova Scotia Power has pleaded guilty to a charge over a fatal workplace accident.
Orissa has begun probing the Sep 9 cargo ship mishap near Paradip port in which one crew member was killed, officials said Thursday.
Orissa has begun probing the cargo ship mishap.
North Korean rice farmers are starving to death on meagre government-mandated rations.
North Korean farmers are starving to death.
In the latest issue of Famitsu, a Japanese magazine, Hideo Kojima told the reporters he is working on a new game.
Hideo Kojima told he is working on a new game.
Netizens could obtain ``online Expo passports'' after the official launching of a 3-D Expo park in the virtual world on May 1, Shanghai World Expo organizers said Thursday.
Netizens could obtain online Expo passports, organizers said.
A short circuit caused a fire that broke out in an institution specialised in organising wedding ceremonies in Waset area in Al Ain.
A short circuit caused a fire.
A series of powerful explosions at an arms storage complex on the outskirts of Sofia rocked the Bulgarian capital on Thursday, panicking thousands and breaking windows, authorities and eyewitnesses said.
A series of powerful explosions rocked the Bulgarian capital.
A Jefferson City Public School bus was involved an accident during the morning commute to school on Wednesday.
A bus was involved an accident.
By Gavin Aitchison '' CHEERING crowds have welcomed HMS York home to Britain following a wide-ranging deployment to the South Atlantic and Libya.
CHEERING crowds have welcomed HMS York home.
Oscar winner Pookutty said, ``Satyamev Jayate was a completely doctored show.
Satyamev Jayate was a doctored show.
But according to a well-placed source, Gavin Rossdale is most definitely not cheating on Gwen Stefani with the nanny.
Gavin Rossdale is not cheating with the nanny.
SmarTrend's candlestick pattern scanner has detected a bullish engulfing pattern for shares of Ezcorp since the stock closed above $18.99.
SmarTrend's candlestick pattern scanner has detected a bullish engulfing pattern for shares of Ezcorp.
It is curtains for the well-known Anand theatre on SP Road in Secunderabad.
It is curtains for the Anand theatre.
The Sioux Falls school board has suspended the distribution of pamphlets and fliers from non-profit organizations until at least Nov. 10.
The school board has suspended the distribution of pamphlets from non-profit organizations.
His Majesty King Abdullah, the Supreme Commander of the Jordan Armed Forces, on Tuesday stressed that national unity is everyone's responsibility.
National unity is everyone's responsibility.
Former US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner will rejoin the Council on Foreign relations later this month, the organization announced on Wednesday.
Timothy Geithner will rejoin the Council on Foreign relations.
An arrest was made Thursday morning in the poisoning of the age-old oak trees at Toomer's Corner in Auburn.
An arrest was made in the poisoning of the oak trees.
Actress-turned-director Pooja Bhatt hopes Jism 2 would be lucky for her the way Arth was for her father Mahesh Bhatt.
Jism 2 would be the way Arth was.
Dunkin' Brands Inc. said on Monday, March 5, 2012 that NBA superstar James agreed to promote Dunkin' Donuts and Baskin-Robbins ice cream in Asia where the company has about a third of its stores.
March 5, James agreed to promote Dunkin ' Donuts and cream in Asia.
Stocks broke a three-day losing streak today with the Dow staging a triple-digit rally finding its footing above 15,000 again.
Stocks broke a losing streak.
A Parke County teenager has died of injuries sustained in an accident Sunday afternoon on US 41, near Lyford.
A Parke County teenager has died of injuries sustained in an accident.
A new invasive pest that can damage hardwood and fruit trees has been discovered in Maine.
A new invasive pest has been discovered in Maine.
I enjoy the fact that Jacobs is ripping Romo because he's a Cowboys QB and for that I hate him, but Romo does have some talent.
Jacobs is ripping Romo.
County and state officials are joining together to organize a forum that will allow parents and their children in grades 6 through 8 to discuss violence, bullying, drugs and gangs.
That will allow parents and their children to discuss violence, bullying, drugs and gangs.
Apache Corporation, an energy company that explores, develops and produces natural gas, crude oil and natural gas liquids, has resumed operations at the Stag field offshore Western Australia after the passage of a tropical low pressure system.
Apache Corporation has resumed operations at the Stag field offshore Western Australia.
Former England coach Sir Clive Woodward praised Jonny Wilkinson as a ``marvellous team man'' after the fly-half announced his retirement from international rugby union on Monday.
Clive Woodward praised Jonny Wilkinson.
A majority of Argentines want Diego Maradona sacked as national team coach after their poor results in World Cup qualifiers, according to a survey published on Friday.
A majority of Argentines want Diego Maradona sacked.
JASON ROBINSON is coming out of retirement to play for National North Two side Fylde next season.
JASON ROBINSON is coming out of retirement.
Seventeen years after he suddenly left a West End production following a critical review, actor Stephen Fry is returning to the London stage today.
Stephen Fry is returning to the London stage.
Today, Friday, July 23, Peru will send its first shipment of Hass avocados to the United States, with a total of 40 metric tons, announced Peru's Agriculture Minister, Adolfo de Córdova.
Peru will send its first shipment of Hass avocados to the United States.
Erik Bedard is set to return for the Mariners this Friday when the lefty will take the mound for Seattle against the Rays.
Erik Bedard is set to return for the Mariners this Friday.
There is positivity in the housing market but more needs to be done for first-time buyers, according to a leading economist.
There is positivity in the housing market but more needs to be done.
Germany is planning annual cuts and tax hikes of €10bn to set an example for the Eurozone and also to cut its debt in compliance with a ``debt guillotine'' that has been written into the German constitution.
Germany is planning annual cuts and tax hikes of € 10bn.
Police are investigating death threats directed at Sunderland and Ireland winger James McClean on Twitter from a man claiming to be a former British soldier.
Police are investigating death threats directed at Sunderland and James McClean.
The Jamaat-e-Islami has announced to launch 'Go America Go' movement across the province, as according to the party the US presence in Afghanistan and its increased influence in Pakistan is the root cause of all the mess in the country.
The Jamaat-e-Islami has announced to launch Go America Go ' movement.
Federal Minister for Petroleum and Natural Resources Dr Asim Hussain on Monday said that the natural gas supply position will improve next month.
The natural gas supply position will improve next month.
Enterprise Software and Ortec have joined forces to develop an integrated transport management and routeing system.
Enterprise Software and Ortec have joined forces.
Social conservatives -- abortion foes, gay marriage opponents, transgender rights critics -- may sit out the 2010 election, a Massachusetts hard-line conservative activist said Tuesday, arguing that no statewide candidates for office have championed their views.
Social conservatives -- may sit out the 2010 election.
A gaffe-prone Indonesian minister has backed the idea of state-run cannabis farms in a country that imposes the death penalty for people caught trafficking the drug.
A Indonesian minister has backed the idea of cannabis farms.
A 12-year-old boy claims Bieber hit him while playing a game.
Bieber hit A boy.
Coach Pat Shurmur said he'll address the bounty scandal with his players to ``make sure we do things the right way.''
Pat Shurmur 'll address the bounty scandal with his players.
Late last week in the early parts of this week showed Bank of America refinance mortgage rates up slightly to around 4.35%.
Bank of America refinance mortgage rates.
A GROUP of pupils from a Trowbridge school witnessed dramatic wilderness rescues while on a training expedition.
A GROUP of pupils witnessed dramatic rescues.
Virgin Media is pinning hopes on Hollywood star Samuel L Jackson after racking up heavy losses at the end of last year.
Virgin Media is pinning hopes on Samuel L Jackson after racking up heavy losses.
actually 85 street signs -- stolen from areas all over the city.
Actually 85 street signs -- stolen.
Bow Wow, formerly known as Lil Bow Wow, revealed on his website that he has a daughter who he and his estranged baby momma named Shai Moss.
Lil Bow Wow has a daughter.
Sydney forward Ben McGlynn was due to have surgery in a Perth hospital after suffering a depressed fracture of the cheekbone in the Swans' win over Fremantle.
Sydney forward Ben McGlynn was due to have surgery.
French media are reporting that French tennis player Mathieu Montcourt had died at the age of 24.
French tennis player Mathieu Montcourt had died.
Kolkata Railway Minister Mamata Banerjee today said that work for the Eastern freight corridor of the Railways would start next week and it will be done without any assistance from any financial institution.
Work for the Eastern freight corridor would start next week.
Vice President Mohammad Hamid Ansari on Tuesday said Vietnam has emerged as a regional power in South-East Asia with political stability and a dynamic economy.
Vietnam has emerged as a regional power in South-East Asia.
Angola will update its electoral register between July and September, according to the Minister of Territory Administration, Bornito de Sousa.
Angola will update its electoral register.
International Business Machines, Armonk, NY, has been assigned a patent developed by seven co-inventors for a ``user pivot navigation of shared social media.''
International Business Machines, has been assigned a patent developed by seven co-inventors for a user pivot navigation of shared social media.
THE NSW Greens have delivered another marathon speech to delay the government's industrial relations bill - but failed to break their own record.
THE NSW Greens have delivered another marathon speech.
England won against West Indies because of a very English invention, Hawk-Eye, a system created with science and technology in deepest Hampshire.
England won because of a invention, Hawk-Eye.
Australia's Qantas Airways said Friday it has canceled orders for 15 Boeing 787s and delayed the delivery of another 15 aircrafts due to turbulent market conditions.
Australia's Qantas Airways has canceled orders for 15 Boeing 787s.
``We're still actively investigating her death,'' the Niagara Regional Police sergeant said Thursday.
We 're still investigating her death.
Gabriele Tarquini has taken pole position for the second time in 2012 at Portimão, setting a new lap record around the Portuguese circuit of 1:53.966.
Gabriele Tarquini has taken pole position at Portimão.
Amedica and Medline Industries entered into a strategic business alliance to align Amedica's spinal surgical device business with Medline's medical and surgical products network.
Amedica and Medline Industries entered into a strategic alliance.
An Arima man was murdered and his girlfriend injured during a gun attack on the man's home on Wednesday night.
An Arima man was murdered and his girlfriend injured.
By Troy Wolverton, San Jose Mercury News, Calif. Oct. 12--twolverton@mercurynews.com AT\u0026T on Monday announced new features for subscribers of its U-verse pay TV service who own Microsoft-powered devices.
AT\u0026T announced new features for subscribers of its pay TV service.
Vega is offering places at its Pactware training days at its headquarters in Burgess Hill on 30 September, 28 October and 25 November, 2009.
Vega is offering places at its training days.
The Harrington New Century Club will hold a craft show and bake sale from 10 am to 3 pm March 31 at the club, 103 Dorman St.
The Harrington New Century Club will hold a craft show and bake sale at the club.
Powerscreen of Florida, a dealer of aggregate processing equipment made by Ireland-based Powerscreen, has opened a new support center in the Dominican Republic.
Powerscreen, a dealer, has opened a support center in the Dominican Republic.
Stocks closed moderately higher Friday after an erratic session that had investors tussling with concerns about the ongoing problems in the banking industry in response to more billion-dollar losses at Citigroup Inc. and Bank of America Corp. Yet investors were also heartened by plans for both banks to restore themselves to profitability, and they were also willing to place bets on a range of consumer and industrial stocks.
Stocks closed higher.
I write these words in a Ramada Inn in Saginaw, Michigan, hometown of the poet Theodore Roethke, who wrote a poem that began, ``I knew a woman, lovely in her bones, when small birds sighed she would sigh back at them.''
I knew a woman when small birds sighed she would sigh back.
Jennifer Aniston is determined to find a husband so she can have children, according to source.
Jennifer Aniston is determined to find a husband.
Auto major Mahindra and Mahindra said it will launch its mini truck Maxximo, the first product from its new facility in Chakan,at the Auto Expo during January 5-11.
Mahindra and Mahindra will launch its mini truck Maxximo at the Auto Expo.
Sobrexa reviews report is released by Down to earth video Ltd. The news has received positive comments from people on the Company's site.
Sobrexa reviews report is released by Down to earth video Ltd..
``We are going to insist, we must insist on a grade separated junction - a flyover, underpass, it has to be something like that.''
We must insist on a grade separated junction.
ROSCOMMON retained their title at the expense of an out-of-sorts Mayo.
ROSCOMMON retained their title.
A 17-year-old high school soccer player was shot several times in front of his home in Winnetka Wednesday evening.
A high school soccer player was shot in front of his home in Winnetka.
General Motors is expanding an earlier recall of some 2011 model-year trucks and SUVs to fix a problem that could cause the vehicles' rear axles to lock.
General Motors is expanding an recall of some 2011 trucks and SUVs.
Taiwan saw machinery exports grow 5.1% year-on-year to reach US$1.341 billion in January, according to customs-cleared statistics conducted by the Taiwan Association of Machinery Industry.
Taiwan saw machinery exports grow 5.1% to reach in January.
A man convicted of murder in Oklahoma County was sentenced to life in prison.
A man convicted of murder was sentenced to life in prison.
CHICAGO -The Chicago Bears released former Pro Bowl wide receiver Muhsin Muhammad on Monday, cutting the veteran after three seasons.
Chicago Bears released wide receiver Muhsin Muhammad.
It is also one of the most prescribed psychiatric drugs in America.
It is one of the most prescribed psychiatric drugs.
Boise police and a city mechanic will be at Timberline High School, on the corner of Boise Avenue and Apple Road, from 2:45 to 4 pm Wednesday to offer free safety checks on student vehicles.
Boise police and a mechanic will be to offer free safety checks on student vehicles.
Adele gave birth to a baby boy last week, according to various tabloid reports.
Adele gave birth to a baby boy.
Former New Mexico Governor Gary Johnson is running for president -- one of at least a dozen ``Republican'' candidates who is at some stage of flirtation with the quest.
Gary Johnson is running for president.
In a magazine interview, Pitt said a secret grotto behind a waterfall in his swimming pool is a ``great place for sex'' with his movie siren wife Angelina Jolie.
Pitt said a secret grotto is a great place for sex.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 161 points today as investors worried that lawmakers were losing the sense of urgency seen last week, when the government proposed a massive bailout for financial institutions as a way to revive ailing credit markets.
The industrial average fell 161 points.
Pop star Lady Gaga made a surprise visit to Olympic Stadium in Seoul, the country's biggest sports and entertainment venue, on Sunday, expressing her excitement to her fans via Twitter.
Pop star Lady Gaga made a visit to Olympic Stadium, expressing her excitement.
Holden will cut production at its Adelaide assembly operations in July and August on the Commodore.
Holden will cut production on the Commodore.
President Rafael Correa, a feisty leftist popular for his social programs, was widely favored to win re-election Sunday.
Rafael Correa was favored to win re-election.
Rebekah Brooks's resignation has been welcomed by David Cameron, but he says she must still face a select committee of MPs next week over phone hacking.
She must still face a committee of MPs.
New Delhi, Aug 25 With the Team Anna pressing for the passage of the Jan Lokpal Bill, LJP chief Ram Vilas Paswan today said Parliament was the only forum to frame and enact laws and no one should be allowed to impose their demands on it.
Parliament was the only forum to frame and enact laws.
The world oil market could be set for a lengthy slowdown, the International Energy Agency said on Wednesday, signalling a sharp shift in the climate that pushed the oil price to 100 dollars last month.
The world oil market could be set for a lengthy slowdown.
A Maquoketa, Iowa, man and four others have pleaded guilty to federal drug and money laundering charges in a scheme to smuggle marijuana from Canada to the United States.
A Maquoketa man have pleaded guilty to drug charges.
Tomb Of The Dragon Emperor had a strong opening in mainland China, where it was filmed as a co-production between Universal Pictures and Shanghai Film Group, despite a delayed release date.
Tomb Of The Dragon Emperor had a strong opening in mainland China.
Over 10.7 million passengers used air flights to and from Romania, but also domestic air flights, in 2011, according to the statistics of the Transports and Infrastructure Ministry.Out of the 10.78 million passengers, 9.31 million used the international air flights and 1.46 million the domestic air flights.The total number of passengers using the air transport in 2011 is slightly declining compared with 2010, when 10.12 million passengers ...
Over 10.7 million passengers used, but also air flights, in 2011.
United States said they have right to defend themselves as Pakistan has.
They have right to defend.
A 40-year-old teacher, who was allegedly pressurised by village education committee to own up some financial irragularities in an eduactional project, committed suicide inside a class room at a school here, police said today.
A teacher committed suicide inside a class room.
Fox Business reported that global oil demand is likely to surge by 1.2% in 2012 to 88.96 million barrels a day.
Global oil demand is likely to surge by 1.2% in 2012.
Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani has declared a dengue outbreak in Pakistan's Punjab province as an ``epidemic'' and announced the formation of a Coordination and Strategy Cell to help control vectors and infectious diseases.
Yousuf Raza Gilani has declared a dengue outbreak as an epidemic.
After defeating Algeria, the United States will now play Ghana in the second round of the World Cup this Saturday at 2:30pm ET.
The United States will play Ghana in the round of the World Cup this Saturday.
NASA said two communications satellites have collided in the first-ever crash of two intact spacecraft in orbit.
Two satellites have collided.
An accident closed the Seward Highway in both directions near Mile 111 and McHugh Creek Sunday night.
An accident closed the Seward Highway.
Banks seem keen to lend more to businesses and households but both sectors have became more cautious as they deal with fallout from the recession, Reserve Bank Governor Alan Bollard told MPs today.
Banks seem keen to lend more.
The Phoenix Suns traded guard DJ Strawberry to the Houston Rockets on Monday for rookie guard Sean Singletary.
The Phoenix Suns traded DJ Strawberry to the Houston Rockets for Sean Singletary.
Former New Zealand international Chris Cairns has won his libel case against Lalit Modi and been awarded £90,000 in damages.
Chris Cairns has won his libel case against Lalit Modi.
New Delhi, July 31 India's economic growth will fall below 6 percent in the first half of the current fiscal but would pick up thereafter and inflation would moderate to 7 percent by September, Kaushik Basu, outgoing chief economic advisor, said Tuesday.
New Delhi, India's economic growth will fall below 6 percent.
Officers investigate the scene in East Cloverdale Friday where a pedestrian was struck and killed.
A pedestrian was struck and killed.
A toddler nearly drowned accidentally at a Ventura home this morning when his father briefly left him alone in a bathtub, police said.
A toddler nearly drowned at a Ventura home.
Marshall County is one of eight Indiana cities and counties selected to host community conversations customized to meet their region's most critical needs.
Marshall County is one of eight cities selected to community conversations.
An Omaha firefighter fell through the floor and into the basement of a house Tuesday, but he walked away uninjured.
An firefighter fell through the floor.
A London court has ruled this morning that WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange will be extradited to Sweden to face sex crime charges.
Julian Assange will be extradited.
Mollie Sugden, the comedy actress best-loved for her role as Mrs Slocombe in Are You Being Served?, has died aged 86.
Mollie Sugden, the comedy actress Are You Being Served?, has died.
Wales staged a remarkable second-half comeback with two tries in three minutes to beat England 26-19 at Twickenham in the Six Nations on Saturday.
Wales staged a comeback to beat England 26 at Twickenham in the Six Nations.
Yankees third baseman Alex Rodriguez will seek a second opinion after an MRI revealed that he has a slight meniscus tear in his right knee.
Alex Rodriguez has a meniscus tear.
A Henderson man was arrested yesterday on felony charges of being a felon in possession of a firearm.
A Henderson man was arrested on felony charges.
The Lions signed veteran defensive back Domonique Johnson, two days after his release from the Washington Redskins.
The Lions signed defensive back Domonique Johnson.
Ubidyne, a provider of digital radio technology for the wireless industry, has raised $34 million in Series B funding.
Ubidyne has raised $ 34 million.
Korea's rice reserve exceeded 1.5 million tons in the 2010 food grain year, the highest reached since 1994, the government said Tuesday.
Korea's rice reserve exceeded 1.5 million tons.
On Wednesday, 27th June, Israeli Occupation forces arrested at dawn, six Palestinians in several raids on the West Bank governorates.
Israeli Occupation forces arrested at dawn, six Palestinians in raids on the West Bank governorates.
The NBA will reportedly take ownership of the New Orleans Hornets some time this week in an attempt to facilitate a sale of the franchise.
The NBA will take ownership of the New Orleans Hornets.
Hornets sale talks between George Shinn and minority owner Gary Chouest have reached an ``impasse,'' according to source close to the negotiations.
Hornets sale talks have reached an impasse.
North Korea fired another short-range missile from its east coast on Sunday, following the launch of three missiles Saturday, South Korea's Yonhap news agency reported.
North Korea fired another missile from its east coast.
US Sen. Larry Craig, R-Idaho, is writing a book that will reflect on the turmoil after his arrest last year in an airport sex sting.
Larry Craig is writing a book.
The investigation continues into the death of a Caltrans worker who was struck Thursday by a panel truck on southbound Highway 99 in Lodi.
The investigation continues into the death of a Caltrans worker.
China Eastern Airlines, the country's third largest carrier by fleet size, is considering merging with Shanghai Airlines and leaving the door to future investment by Singapore Airlines, said Cao Jianxiong, President of China Eastern.
China Eastern Airlines is considering merging with Shanghai Airlines.
The Philippines ordered imports of 250,000 tons of rice on Monday as officials said two typhoons over the past 15 days had badly damaged farmlands and roads in the north and killed over 650 people.
The Philippines ordered imports of 250,000 tons of rice.
Honda has extended its North American production slowdown because of a parts shortage caused by the floods.
Honda has extended its production slowdown.
Community cleanups are scheduled in three Harrisburg neighborhoods Saturday and organizers are hoping the expected good weather will bring out plenty of volunteers.
Cleanups are scheduled Saturday.
India, which has witnessed numerous terror attacks and still remains a potential target for such strikes, faces significant money laundering and terrorist financing risk, the IMF has warned.
India, remains, faces money laundering and terrorist financing risk.
Polish rock band Acid Drinkers has announced that their guitarist Aleksander ``Olass'' Mendyk passed away yesterday at the tender age of 29.
Their guitarist Aleksander ``Olass'' Mendyk passed away at the age of 29.
Dog Whisperer star Cesar Millan and his wife, Illusion have filed for divorce after 16 years of marriage.
Dog Whisperer star Cesar Millan, have filed for divorce.
Minnesota Secretary of State Mark Ritchie will speak at Gustavus Adolphus College from 12 to 1:30 pm Friday, April 9 in The Dive, located on the lower level of the OJ Johnson Student Union.
Mark Ritchie will speak Friday.
Virgin Media has launched arrange of mobile Internet and mobile broadband travel passes that allow customers to surf the web anywhere in the European Union.
Virgin Media has launched arrange of mobile Internet and mobile broadband travel passes.
News has recently broken that Matt Hamill a graduate of RIT has been inducted into the US National Wrestling Hall of Fame.
Matt Hamill has been inducted into the US National Wrestling Hall of Fame.
A flight captain who was remanded for allegedly causing the death of a garment worker was further remanded till May 2 by the Additional Magistrate of Mt.
A flight captain was further remanded.
The NEC headquarters at Tower Hill, Freetown has been transformed.
The NEC headquarters, has been transformed.
A source told gossip website X17Online: ``Chris is a mess.
Chris is a mess.
France football star Thierry Henry has signed for York Red Bulls on a long-term deal, the US club announced on Wednesday.
Thierry Henry has signed for York Red Bulls.
A new human rights report says more Afghan women are choosing suicide to escape the violence and brutality of their daily lives.
Afghan women are choosing suicide to escape the violence and brutality.
Best Buy, one of the biggest US sellers of DVDs, is expected to launch its own movie download service on Tuesday for consumer electronics sold in its stores.
Best Buy is expected to launch its movie download service.
A member of a New York college volleyball team suspended for alleged hazing says she and other freshman players were handcuffed, blindfolded and forced to drink shots of liquor.
A member of a New York college volleyball team suspended for hazing says.
Melbourne, April 17 Some career women in Australia still enjoy doing household chores, a study reveals.
April 17 Some career women still enjoy doing household chores.
Rush Limbaugh was officially inducted Monday into the Hall of Famous Missourians.
Rush Limbaugh was inducted into the Hall of Famous Missourians.
Today is the last day for Frederick County property owners to request a rezoning, potentially boosting their development rights.
Today is the last day for owners to request a rezoning.
Chase Cartwright and Jordan Perry threw two touchdown passes apiece, Zach Bauman and Casey Jahn each added two more, and Northern Arizona picked up where it left off Saturday, blowing out Fort Lewis 69-0 in NAU's home opener.
Northern Arizona left off, blowing out Fort Lewis 69 0.
MySpace says it will cut 300 international positions and close at least four offices outside the US as it looks to cut costs and narrow its territory coverage.
MySpace will cut 300 international positions.
A Yankees fan once asked me why all Red Sox fans hate A-Rod.
Why all fans hate A-Rod.
Australian parliament today passed a landmark carbon pricing law that would impose a price on carbon emissions.
Australian parliament today passed a carbon pricing law.
Manny Pacquiao, the world welterweight champion who was elected to the Philippines Congress earlier this month, was hospitalized with a mild stomach ulcer, according to The Associated Press.
Manny Pacquiao was hospitalized with a mild stomach ulcer.
Qatar Airways has appointed Marwan Koleilat as Chief Commercial Officer responsible for all commercial operations of the company, which operates a fleet of 97 aircraft to 100 destinations, worldwide.
Qatar Airways has appointed as Chief Commercial Officer.
A Caltrans worker driving an orange state-owned Caltrans vehicle was arrested on a DUI charge Tuesday morning.
A Caltrans worker was arrested on a DUI charge.
Cardiff chairman Peter Ridsdale has vowed to ``move quickly'' in the loan market if the right player becomes available.
Peter Ridsdale has vowed to move quickly.
A group of Pakistani internet hackers has waged a cyber war on Indian sites, claiming to have infected over 200 of them and said the act was a revenge for a similar attack on Pakistani websites by a self-proclaimed ''Indian Cyber Army''.
A group of Pakistani hackers has waged a cyber war on Indian sites.
STORM clouds gathered over the global economy yesterday, as a raft of gloomy data poured doubt on the strength of the UK and world recovery.
STORM clouds gathered over the economy, poured.
Tokyo: 'If Jane Austen lived today, she'd be a blogger' Dear reader, if Jane Austen lived today, she'd be an avid blogger, she'd be on Facebook, and of course she'd also be tweeting away -- but mostly about other people, not herself.
Tokyo : If Jane Austen lived today, she 'd be a blogger reader.
Protests are continuing for a third day in Lomé after two days of clashes between security forces and demonstrators calling for reforms ahead of upcoming elections.
Protests are continuing for a third day in Lomé.
Black Panther Donald Neilson -- who murdered Shropshire heiress Lesley Whittle in 1975 -- has died in hospital, it was announced this afternoon.
Black Panther Donald Neilson has died in hospital, it was announced.
Detroit Mayor Dave Bing is being treated for blood clots in his lungs, one day after he was readmitted to a hospital where he'd recently undergone surgery for a perforated colon.
Detroit Mayor Dave Bing is being treated for blood clots in his lungs.
Shelby County District Attorney General Bill Gibbons said Tuesday that the Memphis city attorney, who is under state and federal investigation, has been temporarily suspended.
The Memphis city attorney has been temporarily suspended.
As of Halloween, you're one in seven billion.
You 're one in seven billion.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia star Kaitlin Olson talks about her homebirth plan for the delivery of her first child with Sunny creator/co-star and husband, Rob McElhenney.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia star Kaitlin Olson talks about her homebirth plan.
It's rumored that Amazon is selling more ebooks than Apple at a rate of 60 to 1.
Amazon is selling ebooks.
Growth hormone therapy can significantly increase height in children with short stature, says a new study.
Growth hormone therapy can increase height.
Terror infrastructure in Pakistan is ``existing and active'', according to Army Chief General Deepak Kapoor, who puts the number of terror camps there in between 30 and 50.
Terror infrastructure in Pakistan is existing and active.
If he were alive today, what would Karl Marx drive?
What would Karl Marx drive.
Cleveland Browns receiver Donte Stallworth has been suspended for the entire 2009 season without pay, the NFL announced Thursday morning.
Donte Stallworth has been suspended for the 2009 season.
ACTA, the international copyright infringement treaty, hit delays in Germany, after a vote was postponed.
ACTA hit delays in Germany.
The Australian Counselling Association, the peak national body for registered counsellors and psychotherapists, has received a huge response overnight from its 3000-strong membership base from counsellors willing to provide pro bono counselling support to Victoria's bushfire victims, their families and the community at large.
The Australian Counselling Association has received from counsellors willing to provide to Victoria's bushfire victims.
India has been granted a 'lifeline' after most Kashmiris voted in landmark elections but the government must avoid complacency and intransigence if it is to bring peace, Indian Kashmir's new leader said on Tuesday.
India has been granted a lifeline after Kashmiris voted in elections.
Asda has axed its final salary pension scheme in a move that affects 3,800 managerial staff.
Asda has axed its final salary pension scheme.
A Fremantle grain handling company has been fined $8000 after pleading guilty in the Fremantle Magistrates Court following a workplace accident.
A grain handling company has been fined $ 8000.
Chris Pronger will make his preseason debut tonight against the Devils.
Chris Pronger will make his preseason debut tonight.
An RDX bomb was found planted by unidentified miscreants near the outer wall of the residence of one Salam Jugindro of Sagolband Sayang Kurao Makhong today at around 9 am.
An bomb was found planted.
Model Katie Price will not be making a statement to police over claims she was raped by an unnamed celebrity.
Katie Price will not be making a statement to police.
Tottenham defender Vedran Corluka has joined Bayer Leverkusen on loan until the end of the season, the Barclays Premier League club have announced.
Tottenham defender Vedran Corluka has joined Bayer Leverkusen on loan.
Just off his divorce of Madonna it appears that Guy Ritchie already has a new girlfriend.
Guy Ritchie has a new girlfriend.
A Fort Carson soldier badly wounded while serving in Operation Iraqi Freedom has received a Purple Heart.
A Fort Carson soldier has received a Purple Heart.
Prince William met Joe Jonas yesterday at a soccer coaching event at Maun Stadium in South Africa.
Prince William met Joe Jonas.
A motorcyclist has died in a collision with a truck on SH6 between Nelson and Rai Valley this afternoon.
A motorcyclist has died in a collision with a truck.
Veteran welterweight fighter Josh Neer has signed a four fight contract extension with the UFC, keeping his fourth stint in the promotion alive.
Josh Neer has signed a four contract extension with the UFC.
The Red Sox missed a chance to move into a first-place tie in the AL East, losing to the Tampa Bay Rays 9-4.
The Red Sox missed a chance.
Saint Paul's College, the struggling historically black school in Lawrenceville, has regained its accreditation via a preliminary injunction, pending further action by a federal judge.
Saint Paul's College has regained its accreditation via a injunction.
Brown, who lost his re-election bid to Democrat Elizabeth Warren, gave a farewell speech on the Senate floor Wednesday.
Brown, who lost, gave a farewell speech on the Senate floor.
A train incident late Wednesday afternoon, Jan. 6, shut down several railroad crossings for about 2 1/2 hours in New Miami and St. Clair Twp., according to Butler County Sheriff's dispatchers.
A train incident shut down crossings.
Suncorp merges its retail and banking business operations on the back of a decline in after tax profits.
Suncorp merges its retail and banking business operations.
Ventura-based Clean Diesel Technologies, a developer of emissions control systems for the heavy duty diesel and light duty vehicle markets, said today that it has raised $3M in a convertible note financing.
Clean Diesel Technologies has raised $ 3M.
GRI is currently developing sustainability reporting guidelines for the oil and gas sector.
GRI is developing sustainability reporting guidelines for the oil and gas sector.
ITV have come out saying that there are no plans to reschedule the ``X Factor'' after reports that Simon Cowell is trying to move the competitive singing show from its usual autumn slot.
ITV have come out saying there are no plans to reschedule the X Factor.
The number of NHS apprenticeships is set to treble to more than 5,000 after the government announced £25m for NHS organisations to help create them.
The number of NHS apprenticeships is set to treble.
After a week break, Cellformer is back in action.
Cellformer is back.
Dannii Minogue has turned down magazine offers worth large sums of money, according to reports.
Dannii Minogue has turned down magazine offers.
A weather warning has been issued for this weekend with strong winds up to 100km/hr and heavy rain expected to hit the country.
A weather warning has been issued for this weekend.
A police officer was dragged alongside a moving car for up to 150 metres after he pulled over a motorist in Geelong today.
A police officer was dragged alongside a moving car.
Former Jharkhand ministers Enos Ekka and Harinarain Rai were today released from the Birsa Munda Central jail here, two days after getting provisional bail from the Supreme Court.
Former Jharkhand ministers were today released from the jail.
Per CNN, comedian Dom DeLuise died late Monday night in a Los Angeles hospital after battling cancer for more than year.
Comedian Dom DeLuise died.
Freddie Mac on Monday said it sold $3 billion of bills at higher rates and mixed demand compared with last week's sale of similar maturities.
Freddie Mac sold $ 3 of bills at higher rates.
A man has pleaded guilty to assaulting his girlfriend and stealing groceries from Tesco in Tunbridge Wells.
A man has pleaded guilty to assaulting.
A West Orange man was carjacked Monday night in front of his High Street house, police said.
A West Orange man was carjacked in front of his house.
Waukesha is considering banning the sale of K2, joining a growing number of Wisconsin cities trying to get rid of what's described as ``fake pot.''
Waukesha is considering banning the sale of K2.
Anil Ambani Group company Reliance Power said on 20 February it has asked shareholders to make balance payment by 26 February on shares alloted to them in the IPO to be eligible for bonus shares.
Reliance Power has asked shareholders to make balance payment.
Job Growth in Florida holds steady, according to The Florida Department of Economic Opportunity.
Job Growth in Florida holds steady.
Gold futures continued to glitter as investors kept the risky assets at bay amid the unhealthy global atmosphere.
Gold futures continued to glitter as investors kept the risky assets at bay.
The currency board will remain until Bulgaria joins the euro area, Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs Ivaylo Kalfin said at a press conference in the southern town of Hisarya where the political council of the ruling three-party coalition finished the first day of its session, Focus News Agency reported.
The currency board will remain until Bulgaria joins the euro area.
Lisa Ling, the former co-host of ``The View'' announced on Wednesday that she is expecting her first baby.
Lisa Ling is expecting her first baby.
Crist is arriving in Russia today as his 10-day trade mission continues.
Crist is arriving in Russia as his trade mission continues.
After record rainfall Sunday in Key West, the wet weather continues early Monday for South Florida.
The wet weather continues Monday for South Florida.
A Hancock firefighter won't have to pay a careless driving ticket, after police cited him on the way to a fire call.
A firefighter won't have to pay a ticket.
Bank of America Corp. has agreed to buy Merrill Lynch \u0026 Co. for about $44 billion, or around $29 a share, according to The Wall Street Journal.
Bank of America Corp. has agreed to buy Merrill Lynch \u0026 Co. for about $ 44 billion.
Boxing promoter Don King on Tuesday sold his two-home Manalapan estate for $15.95 million -- $4 million less than the asking price.
Don King sold his two-home estate for $ 15.95 million.
The brother of a Naperville woman whose murder remains unsolved has been extradited from Florida to face identity theft charges, while police say he remains a ``person of interest'' in his sister's death.
The brother of a Naperville woman has been extradited.
Shabwa Governor Ali al-Ahmedi said on Monday that a security campaign had headed for the Hada district, Shabwa, to release two Chinese experts and two Yemeni soldiers and two drivers who were abducted on Sunday.
A campaign had headed to release two Chinese experts.
Apr. 3, 2008 06:39 AM A teenage girl was shot in the neck and taken to an area hospital after a shooting near 52nd and Roosevelt streets in Phoenix, according to reports.
A teenage girl was shot in the neck.
Steve Holliday, the chief executive of National Grid, has become the chair of the homelessness charity Crisis.
Steve Holliday has become the chair of the Crisis.
Zynga shares have fallen by 30 cents or five percent following its 'Unleashed' press conference, reports Develop.
Zynga shares have fallen following its press conference.
Brisbane's first victory in five games has been soured substantially by the news that star winger Israel Folau is to be sidelined for up to eight weeks with a fractured ankle.
Israel Folau is to be sidelined for up to eight weeks.
CONCERNS have been raised that the ambulance service is being ``stretched to the brink'' in rural Gwynedd, with increased dependence on A\u0026E services -- a claim denied by the health board.
The ambulance service is being stretched to the brink in rural Gwynedd.
After months of deliberation, the KSA board of directors adopted new sports leases at the quarterly KSA meeting on July 15.
The KSA board adopted sports leases.
Cormega says he'll retire if fans don't react properly to his new album....
Cormega says he 'll retire.
An AR-15 giveaway has been shut down by Facebook.
An AR-15 giveaway has been shut down.
Korea's first-ever immigration studies center was opened Thursday in Goyang City, Gyeonggi Province.
Korea's immigration studies center was opened.
LSU coach Johnny Jones says starting guard Anthony Hickey has been suspended indefinitely because of an unspecified violation of athletic department and university policies.
LSU coach Johnny Jones says starting guard Anthony Hickey has been suspended indefinitely.
Japan will nationalise a group of islands at the centre of a territorial row with China, the government said yesterday, prompting an angry rebuke from Beijing which vowed to ``never yield an inch''.
Japan will nationalise a group of islands at the centre of a territorial row.
Cincinnati Reds manager Dusty Baker left Wrigley Field in street clothes more than two hours before first pitch Wednesday night to get chest X-rays to ``rule out pneumonia,'' a Reds spokesperson said.
Dusty Baker left to get X-rays to rule out pneumonia.
Royal Challengers Bangalore has taken the social media route for building its fan club and announced the Fanatic Fans Challenge.
Royal Challengers Bangalore has taken the social media route.
Former LSU offensive lineman Herman Johnson has signed a three-year deal with the Arizona Cardinals.
Herman Johnson has signed a deal with the Arizona Cardinals.
Morgan Pressel has shot a course record 7-under 65 at Royal Birkdale to get back up among the leaders at the British Women's Open.
Morgan Pressel has shot a course record 7 - under 65 at Royal Birkdale.
A man faces charges after he fled from police during a traffic stop last night in Dartmouth.
A man faces charges after he fled from police.
A student of Kailashkut Multiple Campus, Chabahil, attacked his senior with khukuri on Monday and injured him.
A student attacked his senior with khukuri.
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation on Tuesday announced 78 grants of $100,000 each to support research in 18 countries in a bid to promote family health.
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation announced 78 grants to support in a bid to promote family health.
The private airliner Bhoja Air was issued an Air Operator Certificate early this year under political pressures, as the issuance of a Regular Public Transport licence does not enable an airliner to launch its operations, The News learnt Monday.
The Bhoja Air was issued an Air Operator Certificate under political pressures.
The Kenya shilling weakened against the dollar on Thursday as traders covered short positions after the close of a share offer which had lent the local unit a bullish outlook, dealers said.
The Kenya shilling weakened as traders covered short positions.
Rock Solid Youth Center sold two downtown buildings earlier this month, including its primary site, but officials with the nonprofit continue to work toward reopening.
Rock Solid Youth Center sold two buildings.
Motion upholstery producer Ekornes said its second annual Charity of Choice promotion, which offers discounts to consumers who make a charitable donation, raised more than $280,000 for a variety of charities.
Ekornes said its Charity of promotion raised more than $ 280,000.
LOS ANGELES, Calif. ``Today'' weekend anchor Jenna Wolfe says she and NBC news correspondent Stephanie Gosk are expecting a baby girl in August.
Calif. Today weekend anchor Jenna Wolfe says she and NBC news correspondent Stephanie Gosk are expecting a baby girl.
Morrison County Republicans conducted their annual convention Saturday at the Little Falls VFW Hall.
Morrison County Republicans conducted their annual convention.
Iranian Nobel Peace laureate Shirin Ebadi on Tuesday called on the UN chief to visit Iran to receive a first-hand account of human rights abuses and warned against sanctions because they would hurt the Iranian people.
Shirin Ebadi called on the UN chief to visit Iran.
Former interior minister of Sindh and PPP dissident leader Zulfiqar Mirza has said that the nation, disappointed by the government and judiciary, is looking towards army.
The nation is looking towards army.
Nigerian group claims 7 hostages killed Updated: 11:29, Sunday March 10, 2013 A Nigerian Islamist group claims it has killed seven foreign hostages abducted from a construction site last month.
7 hostages killed, A Nigerian group claims.
Singh said, ``they must make sure that Air India does not lose credibility''.
Air India does not lose credibility.
A Las Vegas food company is recalling nearly 14,000 pounds of lasagna because the packaging doesn't say it contains soy.
A Las Vegas company is recalling nearly 14,000 pounds of lasagna.
The government Saturday said Home Minister P. Chidambaram was not responsible for the 2G spectrum scam and that charges against him were ''politically motivated''.
P. Chidambaram was not and charges were politically motivated.
To prevent Manchester City from replacing arch rivals United as the dominant force in the English Premier League, Sir Alex Ferguson is all set to spend 100 million pounds to get new players this summer.
Alex Ferguson is set to spend 100 million pounds to get new players.
The City Council passed the underage drinking ordinance at their regular Council meeting on Monday, Dec. 5.
The City Council passed the drinking ordinance.
Boeing Co said its quarterly profit narrowed due to order deferrals by cash-strapped airlines but its shares rose as the planemaker did not increase cuts in production rates.
Boeing Co said its quarterly profit narrowed.
President Barack Obama has renewed Syria sanctions for a year, noting among other factors its continued backing of terrorist groups.
Barack Obama has renewed Syria sanctions.
The Newark Bears announced on Friday that they have hired former Yankee Jim Leyritz as the team's new pitching coach.
The Newark Bears have hired Jim Leyritz.
The Indian government is offloading stakes in metal companies in an effort to pump revenue into its slowing economy.
The Indian government is offloading stakes in metal companies.
A Pensacola woman was killed early Tuesday morning in a single vehicle crash on the Bayou Texar Bridge.
A woman was killed in a crash.
Sir David admitted that he too often cried over the fate of animals in his programmes, but said he never allowed himself to be filmed getting upset as that would be ``making an exhibition'' of himself.
David often cried over the fate of animals.
A House panel passed a sweeping tobacco regulation bill Wednesday, putting it on pace for passage by the full House far earlier in the congressional session than last year.
A House panel passed a tobacco regulation bill.
Dubai, July 17 The low cost airline Flydubai has launched its first flight to Iraq by flying to the city of Erbil, the capital of the Kurdish region, the company announced Saturday.
Flydubai has launched its flight to Iraq.
Gary Talcott, a longtime guide for Rainier Mountaineering Inc., reached the 14,411-foot summit of Mount Rainier Monday morning, Sept. 15, for the 300th time.
Gary Talcott, a guide, reached the summit of Mount Rainier for the 300th time.
The long wait for a dream home is almost over for some 300 buyers when an abandoned housing project in Relau was revived following a 12-year delay.
The long wait for a dream home is almost over.
The US trade deficit narrowed unexpectedly in April, official data showed on Thursday.
The US trade deficit narrowed unexpectedly in April.
Navua beat Ba 2-nil with Jesoni Takala scoring the first goal before Pita Bolaitoga increased the lead.
Navua beat Ba.
Army Chief General Deepak Kapoor on Friday said Pakistan was continuing to push in militants from across the border into Jammu and Kashmir but the Armed Forces deployed there were capable of tackling it.
Pakistan was continuing to push in militants from across the border.
A Task Force to enforce the Fisheries Act has been inaugurated in Accra.
A Task Force to enforce the Fisheries Act has been inaugurated.
BLACK RIVER FALLS, Wis. ― A Black River Falls couple has died in a rollover crash.
BLACK RIVER FALLS ― A couple has died in a rollover crash.
The officials for matches 33-40 were announced Monday, with two referees appointed to their third matches.
The officials for matches 33 40 were announced Monday.
SYDNEY FC has swooped to sign former Socceroo striker Joel Griffiths to bolster its struggling A-League squad.
SYDNEY FC has swooped to sign Joel Griffiths.
28 year old Conor Casey has scored two goals against the team of Honduras.
Conor Casey has scored two goals.
The government Thursday set up a technical panel to review the Tendulkar Committee methodology for deciding the poverty line for which it has under increasing criticism in recent months.
The government set up a panel to review for deciding the poverty line.
It has been more than a week since Best Buy announced it would close 50 stores nationwide, but employees at the Twin Falls outlet remain uncertain about their future.
Best Buy would close 50 stores.
``Sometimes I feel like a zoo animal,'' the Fox News quoted Kardashian as saying in the new issue of Cosmopolitan.
Sometimes I feel like a zoo animal.
Heather Mills is suing her former publicist for more than $460,000 for breach of confidence after the ex-employee slammed the one-time glamour model in a revealing newspaper interview.
Heather Mills is suing her former publicist.
Yankees manager and former Northwestern star Joe Girardi missed his second straight game Saturday with an upper respiratory infection.
Joe Girardi missed his game.
European leaders at the G20 Summit in Cannes have suggested that Greece may have to leave the euro if it does not come to an agreement on the financial bailout put forward by ministers.
Greece may have to leave the euro.
Marks \u0026 Spencer is to open its first standalone sandwich shop this spring in Kensington, London.
Marks \u0026 Spencer is to open its standalone sandwich shop.
We The Kings have announced they will be releasing a new song titled, ``Any Other Way,'' next week or next.
The Kings will be releasing a new song titled, Any Other Way.
Japanese supermarket chain Ito-Yokado has said it will open more of its 'The Price' discount stores, as it looks to cash in on the growing demand for low-priced food.
Ito-Yokado will open more of its The Price ' discount stores.
A Malin man arrested in February on domestic violence charges has pleaded guilty to kidnapping and assault.
A man has pleaded guilty to kidnapping and assault.
ZURICH -FIFA says it has lifted a threat to suspend Ukraine from world football but will continue monitoring the 2012 European Championship co-host to ensure politicians have stopped meddling in the national federation's business.
FIFA has lifted a threat to suspend Ukraine.
Tropical storms Talim and Guchol were battering Taiwan and Japan this week with high winds and heavy rain.
Tropical storms Talim were battering Taiwan and Japan.
A three and a half year toddler has been grabbed from a Montessori in Mundalama in the Chilaw District yesterday, police said today.
A toddler has been grabbed from a Montessori.
ZimOnline reported that investment in South Africa 's sugar sector has slowed on the back of uncertainty over the land reform process in South Africa - because of the slow pace at which the target of one third of farmland is being transferred to black ownership.
Investment in South Africa's sugar sector has slowed on the back of uncertainty over the land reform process in South Africa.
But footballer David Beckham made a rare appearance as a 'cover boy' for men's glossy Fantastic Man.
But David Beckham made a rare appearance as a boy for men's Fantastic Man.
Belden Inc., a global company in signal transmission solutions for mission-critical applications, has announced it has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its consumer electronics assets in China to Shenzhen Woer Heat-Shrinkable Material Co., Ltd. for consideration of approximately $43 million.
Belden Inc. has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its consumer electronics assets in China.
Dart Group says that it hopes to meet market expectations for the current year.
Dart Group hopes to meet market expectations.
Screenwriter and director Paul Schrader has donated his collection to the Harry Ransom Center, a humanities research library and museum at The University of Texas at Austin.
Screenwriter Paul Schrader has donated his collection to the Harry Ransom Center.
`` return to article LIRR works to bring back suspended trains 7:25 AM JOHN VALENTI The Long Island Rail Road, which restored train service on seven lines Monday night, was ... Comments Log in to comment Publish this comment to Facebook ``I truly hope that getting service restored on the Long Beach line is a priority for commuters sake instead of worrying to restore power and service so people can get out east for the weekend! Get your priorities in order! 3 m ago
LIRR works to bring suspended trains.
A drug used to treat heavy menstrual periods could also save the lives of heavily bleeding trauma patients, according to a new review.
A drug used to treat heavy periods could save the lives of bleeding trauma patients.
Kuwaiti ministers walked out of parliament today in protest at demands by MPs to interrogate the prime minister, triggering another political crisis.
Kuwaiti ministers walked out of parliament.
Astronaut Mark Kelly, the husband of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, retired from the Navy on Saturday.
Mark Kelly retired from the Navy.
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger has reportedly restructured his contract to help the club in its salary cap issues.
Ben Roethlisberger has restructured his contract.
French carmaker Peugeot has unveiled its new Partner electric van, which is developed in collaboration with Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors.
Peugeot has unveiled its new Partner electric van.
Despite strong growth in the Indian mobile phone market, just 15.2 million smartphones were sold in India during 2012, compared to 206 million featurephones, according to recent figures.
Just 15.2 million smartphones were sold in India during 2012.
A fatal bear mauling could have been prevented, according to a statement made by federal authorities on April 30, 2013.
A fatal bear mauling could have been prevented.
CHINA Eastern Airlines says it will buy 60 Airbus A320 aircraft in a deal worth $US5.39 billion to meet booming domestic travel demand.
CHINA Eastern Airlines will buy 60 Airbus A320 aircraft.
Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee returned home today from his US trip against the backdrop of the controversy created by a Finance Ministry note on 2G spectrum allocation.
Pranab Mukherjee returned from his US trip.
Indian corn futures hit highs at open on Monday on strong export demand from South East Asian countries, and increasing local demand.
Indian corn futures hit highs at open.
Toyota Motor Corp will slow some North American production because of supply disruptions caused by the earthquake and tsunami in Japan.
Toyota Motor Corp will slow some North American production.
Beijing, May 26 President Pratibha Patil arrived on a six-day trip to China Wednesday at a time when the two Asian giants are marking the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations that have lately been scarred by distrust, perceptional differences and border tensions.
Beijing, Pratibha Patil arrived to China the two Asian giants are marking.
Smartphone contracts are costing consumers more and resulting in more having debt problems as a result of paying their monthly fees.
Smartphone contracts are costing and resulting in more having debt problems.
A £600 million rail investment, which will improve stations and routes in Leicestershire, has been welcomed by the County Council.
A rail investment has been welcomed.
Titans wide receiver Kenny Britt walks out of general sessions court court after his charges for falsifying drivers license application were dropped Tuesday, Dec. 6, 2011 in Nashville, Tenn. / GEORGE WALKER IV / THE TENNESSEAN Prosecutors dropped charges against Tennessee Titans wide receiver Kenny Britt Tuesday.
Kenny Britt walks after his charges were dropped.
Italian utility Enel SpA said Thursday that first half results dropped 31 percent, as strong energy sales were offset by lower income from financial operations.
Italian utility Enel SpA said first half results dropped 31 percent.
Israeli author Naomi Ragen lost a plagiarism suit regarding her best-selling book ``Sotah.''
Naomi Ragen lost a plagiarism suit.
Vodafone Ghana has paid the outstanding medical bills of over 130 stranded patients in hospitals around the country, allowing hospitals to release them to go home to spend Valentine's Day with their loved ones.
Vodafone Ghana has paid the bills of over 130 stranded patients.
We're following up Monday's Law Blog story to tell you that the North Carolina Senate, as expected, rewrote the Racial Justice Act, approving a bill titled No Discriminatory Purpose in the Death Penalty.
The North Carolina Senate rewrote the Racial Justice Act.
Tony George denied a report Wednesday that he has been ousted as CEO of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
Tony George has been ousted as CEO of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
Sarah Harding came to the rescue of a drunken reveller while holidaying in Ibiza after seeing him lying in the street unconscious.
Sarah Harding came to the rescue of a drunken reveller.
ACCESS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.,a biopharmaceutical company specializing in products for cancer and supportive care, announced today it has signed an exclusive specialty distribution agreement with BioScrip for its lead product, MuGard -- an FDA-approved, ready-to-use mucoadhesive oral wound rinse for the management of oral mucositis, a debilitating side effect of radiotherapy and/or chemotherapy.
ACCESS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. has signed an exclusive specialty distribution agreement with BioScrip.
Reliance Mutual Fund on Wednesday said it would launch an open-ended index fund.
Reliance Mutual Fund said it would launch an index fund.
Prominent pianist, jazzman Tigran Hamasyan will give master class in Armenia and Artsakh from April 8 to May 10.
Tigran Hamasyan will give master class in Armenia and Artsakh.
Bruno Mars has retired his signature pompadour hairstyle to shave time off his morning routine.
Bruno Mars has retired his signature pompadour hairstyle.
David M. Ketchmark, Acting United States Attorney for the Western District of Missouri, announced that a Bethany man was sentenced in federal court on Monday for his role in a string of armed grocery store robberies.
A Bethany man was sentenced.
Halifax woman faces drug trafficking charges after police seized crack cocaine during a search Friday night.
Woman faces trafficking charges.
David Brooks used the money to pay for a $5,000 pen, a $60,000 replica of the bronze bull on Wall Street and a $3-million lawyer's fee, an FBI agent testified Monday in federal court in Central Islip.
An FBI agent testified.
Diamond Jo Casino will offer a free meal on Sunday, Sept. 11 for veterans and safety service personnel.
Diamond Jo Casino will offer a free meal on Sunday, Sept. 11.
A report from SI.com says that San Francisco coach Jim Harbaugh will start Colin Kaepernick against New Orleans this week.
Jim Harbaugh will start Colin Kaepernick.
Upstate skaters will soon have a new place to practice their triple salchows and double axels when the Bi-Lo Center opens its ice rink to the public later this month.
The Bi-Lo Center opens its ice rink to the public.
THE boyfriend of a grandmother whose body was found in a shallow grave today denied murdering her.
THE boyfriend denied murdering a grandmother.
Hyderabad, Aug 24 India tightened their grip on the first Test as New Zealand were struggling at 106 for five in the first innings, still needing 133 runs to avoid the follow-on, after the second day's play in the first Test at the Rajiv Gandhi International Cricket Stadium, Uppal, here Friday.
India tightened their grip on the first Test as New Zealand.
New Bristol City goalkeeper David James hopes to stay in the England squad despite playing in the Championship.
David James hopes to stay in the England squad.
Argentina legend Diego Maradona may coach in the English Premier League.
Diego Maradona may coach in the English Premier League.
Thousands thronged the fish medicine mela that started on Tuesday at 5 pm at the Nampally Exhibition Grounds.
Thousands thronged the fish medicine mela.
Air Astana formed a partnership with Aerosim Technologies to establish a pilot training center in Almaty.
Air Astana formed a partnership to establish a pilot training center in Almaty.
The Snaefell will be taken out of service next month for repair work to be carried out.
The Snaefell will be taken out of service.
The Sensex pared some of its gains as profit booking was seen at higher levels.
The Sensex pared some of its gains as profit booking was seen.
Although Anibal Sanchez was hoping to sign a long term deal with the Miami Marlins, the starter will be pleased to learn that he won his arbitration case against the Marlins Friday.
Anibal Sanchez won his arbitration case.
Whistleblower haven WikiLeaks will temporarily stop releasing leaks because of a lack of funds, the organization announced at a press conference in London on Monday.
WikiLeaks will temporarily stop releasing leaks because of a lack of funds.
British actor Robert Pattinson has denied romancing his 'Twilight' co-star Kristen Stewart and insists she is a ``professional partner'' who makes his ``every move, every sentence authentic.''
Robert Pattinson has denied romancing his co-star Kristen Stewart.
``West Bengal is marching ahead and we can safely go back and tell our colleagues that if they are interested, it is on the move,'' NRI industrialist Lord Swraj Paul said on Monday.
West Bengal is marching ahead.
Taiwanese pop diva A-mei will give a major concert in June on the occasion of the 125th anniversary of the world's leading beverage company.
A-mei will give a concert in June.
Chloe Madeley has said that she always agrees with Dancing On Ice judge Jason Gardiner.
Chloe Madeley always agrees with Dancing On Jason Gardiner.
Steel producer Corus, part of the Tata Steel Group, is to begin mothballing its Redcar plant, resulting in the loss of up to 1,600 jobs and possible industrial action.
Corus is to begin mothballing its Redcar plant.
LL Bean, the Freeport-ME-based apparel, outdoor gear and home goods cataloger, plans to lay off 200 to 240 workers due to declining sales, according to the Associated Press.
LL Bean, plans to lay off 200 to 240 workers.
Now, according to a recent Wall Street Journal article, mortgage rates should be lower based on a historical measure.
Mortgage rates should be lower.
'The Left should have withdrawn its support earlier as the government's intention on the nuclear deal had been clear all along,' Bardhan told reporters here.
The Left should have withdrawn its support earlier had been.
London, Oct 6 Hollywood superstar Leonardo DiCaprio will reportedly star in adaptation of Don Winslow''s best-selling novel ''Satori''.
Leonardo DiCaprio will star s novel Satori.
Pearl Jam plan on releasing a new live album titled Live on Ten Legs to celebrate their twentieth anniversary.
Pearl Jam plan on releasing a new live album.
A new association has formed to transfer longevity and mortality-related risk to the capital markets in the same way that some of the world's biggest perils, such as hurricanes and earthquakes, are protected against by shifting the risk to investors via catastrophe bonds.
A association has formed to transfer longevity and risk to the capital markets.
NBA commissioner David Stern says he has ``stopped the clock'' on a deadline he imposed on the NBPA during ongoing labor negotiations.
David Stern says he has stopped the clock.
The PAP regime has passed amendments to the Maintenance of Parents Act in its rubber-stamp parliament to strengthen rules forcing Singaporeans to support their aged parents.
The PAP regime has passed to strengthen rules forcing Singaporeans to support their aged parents.
Governor Jim Doyle has signed a trade agreement with Israel on research and technology development.
Jim Doyle has signed a trade agreement with Israel.
British Prime Minister David Cameron is on an important trip to America to meet US President Barack Obama.
David Cameron is to meet Barack Obama.
FRANKEL will face a maximum of 14 rivals in the Qipco 2,000 Guineas at Newmarket on Saturday.
FRANKEL will face a maximum of 14 rivals.
The stocks are set to crawl and inch up on moderation in risk aversion and expectations of a rally around the federal budget in two weeks, notes brokerage house Khandwala Securities.
The stocks are set to crawl and inch up on moderation in risk aversion.
The perception of financial experts regarding the evolution of Romanian economy for the next six months got worse in February, but this is second in Central and Eastern Europe as regards the attractiveness for foreign investment, according to a survey of ZEW institute.
The perception regarding the evolution of Romanian economy got worse.
Subscribe to David's RSS feed The BBC is preparing to launch a music streaming service called Playlister, similar to the hugely popular iPlayer catch-up service.
The BBC is preparing to launch a music streaming service called Playlister.
Evidence has revealed that a Khayelitsha mother accused of murdering her baby was a minor of 17, Western Cape police said on Thursday.
A Khayelitsha mother was a minor of 17.
Ashgabat/Moscow - Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad arrived Tuesday in Turkmenistan on the second leg of his Central Asia tour aimed at boosting Iran's economic and diplomatic relations with its neighbours.
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad arrived in Turkmenistan on the leg of his Central Asia tour.
Nancy Pelosi has announced that she will run for House Democratic Leader.
Nancy Pelosi will run for House Democratic Leader.
Former foreign secretary Douglas Hurd has attacked government plans to introduce VAT on church renovations, claiming the religious institution already has ``a raw deal''.
Douglas Hurd has attacked plans to introduce VAT on church renovations.
Netflix has recently updated their web video player and have not only refreshed its look, but also added some new features.
Netflix has updated their web video player.
England and Aston Villa midfielder Gareth Barry has joined Manchester City for 12 million pounds, the Premier League club said on Tuesday.
Gareth Barry has joined Manchester City for 12 million pounds.
Factoryville Boy Scout Troop 175, under the direction of Jamie Reese, built 10 handicapped accessible picnic tables for the Joint Municipal Park located at 150 Creek Rd., Factoryville.
Factoryville Boy Scout Troop 175 built 10 picnic tables.
Cincinnati Bengals receiver Chad Ochocinco was sidelined in the third quarter of the game with the New York Jets on Sunday night with a left knee injury.
Chad Ochocinco was sidelined with a left knee injury.
Billionaire Marc Rich, who invented oil trading and was pardoned by President Bill Clinton over tax evasion, racketeering and busting sanctions with Iran, died on Wednesday in Switzerland aged 78.
Billionaire Marc Rich, died in Switzerland 78.
In an encounter top Harkat-ul-Mujahideen militant was killed in Sopore town of North Kashmir on Wednesday, Jul 21.
Harkat-ul-Mujahideen militant was killed in Sopore town.
Dutch police on Tuesday arrested 150 squatters and their supporters who tried to prevent them from clearing a squat in central Amsterdam.
Dutch police arrested 150 squatters.
A Longmont man pleaded guilty to one count of DUI-related vehicular homicide last month and avoided a trial that was scheduled to begin Monday.
A Longmont man pleaded guilty to one count of vehicular homicide.
France does not plan to start arming opposition rebels in Libya although it does not oppose others doing so, a presidential source said on Wednesday.
France does not plan to start arming rebels, a source said.
Governor Tim Pawlenty announced today that President Obama has approved a major disaster declaration for Minnesota.
President Obama has approved a major disaster declaration for Minnesota.
Former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich pleaded not guilty as expected on Tuesday on 16 felony counts, including trying to sell the Senate seat of President Barack Obama.
Rod Blagojevich pleaded not guilty.
NMDC will acquire 26% stake in Brazilian iron ore co Amplus for around USD 10-15 million, reports CNBC-TV18.
NMDC will acquire 26% stake in Brazilian iron ore co Amplus.
Sirius XM has signed a multiyear deal with talk-show host Dr. Laura Schlessinger.
Sirius XM has signed a deal with Dr. Laura Schlessinger.
After Jessica Alba claimed that she will not give nude scenes in movies now singer/actress Jessica Simpson has vowed that she will never strip for the camera.
Jessica Simpson will never strip for the camera.
Ricky Schroder plays a man of God in his new film 'Blood Done Sign My Name,' telling a real-life civil rights story.
Ricky Schroder plays a man of God in his new film Blood.
On Sunday, December 9, 2012, 60 Minutes will feature a story on wrongful convictions and false confessions.
60 Minutes will feature a story on convictions and false confessions.
Mariah Carey and husband Nick Cannon renewed their wedding vows at their Beverly Hills home Friday night to celebrate their second anniversary.
Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon renewed their wedding vows to celebrate their second anniversary.
Casino slots free tight grasp on their and helpful woman who a man on aa princess in a one side to sweet for the artist but in law Rombertus the other to a he was never a by his cavalier manners.
Casino slots free grasp.
This is what's in the news for Thursday, June 9th.
What's in the news.
INDYCAR says it has released England-based Lotus from its engine supply contract.
INDYCAR has released Lotus from its contract.
Sir David Jason has apologised for a ``joke'' he made about Pakistanis on a radio show.
David Jason has apologised for a joke.
Royal Challengers skipper Anil Kumble has stated that his team would take advantage of home support during the upcoming Champions League Twenty20 tournament.
His team would take advantage of home support.
Atlantis undocked from the station for the final time of the space shuttle era at 2:28 am EDT Tuesday.
Atlantis undocked from the station for the final time of the shuttle era.
Future Group plans to invest Rs 2500 crore in food processing infrastructure development in Madhya Pradesh, official sources said on Friday.
Future Group plans to invest Rs 2500 crore in Madhya Pradesh.
FC Porto beat struggling 10-man Sporting Lisbon 2-0 on Sunday, with goals by Colombian duo Jackson Martinez and James Rodriguez keeping the titleholders level with Portuguese leader Benfica.
FC Porto beat struggling Sporting Lisbon 2 0.
Real Madrid moved clear in second place in the Primera Liga with a 1-0 win over Deportivo La Coruna.
Real Madrid moved clear in second place.
State Senator Chris Telfer says now is not the time to give big tax breaks when the State is cutting social programs and school districts are laying off teachers.
Chris Telfer says now is not the time to give big tax breaks.
Kentucky and Kansas will play for the national championship Monday night in the Mercedes-Benz Superdome.
Kentucky and Kansas will play for the national championship.
The death toll of south Yemen clashes between anti-regime demonstrators and police has risen to three, with at least 19 people wounded, a medical official said on Friday.
The death toll of Yemen clashes has risen to three.
An Assam State Transport Corporation bus service from Tuli to Jorhat via Amguri was inaugurated by L. Temjen Jamir, MLA and NBDA and Pradeep Hazarika, MLA from Amguri Constituency, Assam on January 13 at Tzudikong Town in the presences of Tuli Area public leaders and general masses.
An bus service from Tuli to Jorhat was inaugurated.
Alert) reports that the country's second largest cable company, Time Warner Inc, is funding a social TV analytics start-up Bluefin Labs.
The country's cable company is funding a social TV analytics start up Bluefin Labs.
Brett Gardner said his bruised wrist is feeling better and he expects to be able to swing a bat by Wednesday.
Brett Gardner said his wrist is feeling better and he expects.
``I've learnt a lot about some people today and it is better to know that now than later.
I 've learnt a lot about some people today.
Nitin Gadkari on Thursday met LK Advani, who is apparently unhappy over the BJP president's continuance in his post, to wish him on his birthday.
Nitin Gadkari met LK Advani to wish on his birthday.
The Dutch government says its main website has been periodically inaccessible in the past day due to a coordinated cyberattack.
The Dutch government says its main website has been due to a cyberattack.
A top US general on Thursday said Taliban leader Mullah Omar should be ``worried'' after US forces killed Osama bin Laden, predicting the raid would damage the Afghan insurgency's morale.
Mullah Omar should be worried.
TFL's Public Relations Manager Vanessa Kilner said communications to Labasa and Savusavu has been restored after transmission links at Mount Delaikoro sustained damage over night.
Communications to Labasa and Savusavu has been restored.
FORMER Scotland assistant manager Alex Miller has made history by being sent to Siberia to revive a struggling club!
Alex Miller has made by being sent to Siberia.
By RONALD BLUM AP Sports Writer The rest of baseball is starting to catch up with the big spenders.
The rest of baseball is starting to catch up with the big spenders.
Federal income tax forms are available at the courthouse in Grants Pass, announced Josephine County Treasurer \u0026 Tax Collector John Harelson.
Tax forms are available at the courthouse.
When the empire strikes back, it hits hard.
The empire strikes back.
An Ohio man has been charged with defrauding fellow Amish in 29 states out of nearly $17 million by moving their money from safer securities to riskier investments subject to market fluctuations, federal prosecutors said Thursday.
An man has been charged with defrauding Amish.
No worries, Patch is asking you to help us determine where are the best places to kiss in University Place.
Where are the best places to kiss in University Place.
A 43-year-old Renton man was killed Friday afternoon by a falling tree, Bellevue police said.
A Renton man was killed by a falling tree.
October is known as breast cancer awareness month in many parts of the world.
October is known as breast cancer awareness month.
In an astounding example of family loyalty and love, a Chinese man has been kept alive for the past five years with a homemade ventilator.
A Chinese man has been kept alive for the five years with a homemade ventilator.
Songwriting legend Hank Cochran is recovering at a Nashville hospital following surgery performed to remove cancerous tumors from his pancreas and lymph node.
Songwriting legend Hank Cochran is recovering following surgery.
A Fond du Lac County priest has been placed on administrative leave over sexual misconduct allegations in Montana.
A priest has been placed on administrative leave.
In my concluding remarks last Tuesday of last month, I pointed out that human development is not a gift given to a people by some rich 'goody-goody' elite.
Development is not a gift given to a people.
The Luanda governor, Francisca do Espírito Santo, Saturday in Luanda admitted that the capital has a ``very young'' prison population which grows larger and larger every days and often commits crimes of extreme barbarity.
The Luanda governor admitted the capital has a very young prison population.
As the Olympic Games draw closer, more human rights protests are breaking out in Beijing.
Human rights protests are breaking out in Beijing.
A woman who fell into a river full of crocodiles when a bungee jump went wrong, says it is a miracle she is still alive.
A bungee jump went wrong.
US Department of Energy Secretary Steven Chu says that the DOE has finalized a $90.6 million loan guarantee to Cogentrix of Alamosa LLC. The loan guarantee will support the Alamosa solar project, a 30 MW high-concentration PV power generation facility.
The DOE has finalized a loan guarantee to Cogentrix.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates American standout Ryan Lochte set the first individual swimming world record since high-tech bodysuits were banned on Thursday, winning the 400-meter individual medley at the short-course world championships.
Ryan Lochte set the first world record since bodysuits were banned.
Today, in a historic victory for LGBT advocates, the Senate voted to repeal DADT.
The Senate voted to repeal DADT.
A Golden Gate man is accused of selling crack cocaine to undercover deputies on several occasions.
A Golden Gate man is accused of selling cocaine to undercover deputies.
Evidence suggests that two novel fastidious bacteria linked to bacterial vaginosis are also associated with pelvic inflammatory disease.
Two fastidious bacteria linked are associated with pelvic inflammatory disease.
Afghanistan has called upon the Pakistan to take serious measures against Islamist groups launching attacks on Afghan targets from secure havens inside Pakistan.
Afghanistan has called upon the Pakistan to take serious measures against Islamist groups.
AP) Wizards rookie guard Shelvin Mack will be taking over the Wizards official Twitter feed today for a little ``get to know you'' session.
Shelvin Mack will be taking over the Wizards Twitter feed.
Benelux ICT services provider Cegeka has opened its new Tier-3 data centre in Hasselt.
Cegeka has opened its new data centre in Hasselt.
Carlos Delgado of the New York Mets will have surgery today on the same hip injury that sidelined Alex Rodriguez for two months.
Carlos Delgado will have surgery.
Shake Shack, the modern day roadside burger and hot dog stand serving up beer and wine at upscale locations in New York, announced today it will open its first true roadside Shack in Westport in the second half of 2011.
Shake Shack will open in Westport in the second half of 2011.
06:06 PM,Jun 30,2011 Araria, Jun 30 AICC General Secretary Rahul Gandhi will visit Forbesganj in Araria district of Bihar tomorrow to know the circumstances leading to the police firing that killed four Muslims on June 3 last.
06:06 PM Rahul Gandhi will visit Forbesganj tomorrow.
A suicide bombing in a Pakistani market close to the Afghan border killed 20 people Friday, officials said, a day after the US released letters seized from Osama bin Laden's compound that criticized Pakistani militants for killing too many civilians.
A suicide bombing in a Pakistani market killed 20 people.
Bright sunshine on Thursday provided the much needed relief to the residents of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh as the minimum temperature remained above normal in some places.
Bright sunshine provided the relief to the residents.
A Madison County car dealer is accused of selling customers fake extended warranties from Damian's Automotive.
A car dealer is accused of selling fake warranties.
Heidi Montag has accused her estranged hubby Spencer Pratt of hacking into her Twitter account.
Heidi Montag has accused her hubby Spencer Pratt of hacking into her Twitter account.
Kannada actor Darshan抯 bail plea has been rejected by Judge Venkatesha Huligi of the Metropolitan Magistrate Court despite his wife Ms. Vijayalakshmi retracting her police complaint on the actor and even the police helping out by charging him with Section 324 instead of the more draconian Section 307.
Darshan抯 bail plea has been rejected.
Inflation touched another high at 8.24% on Friday for the week ending May 24 against 8.1% in the week ending May 17.
Inflation touched another high at 8.24%.
Lion Nathan Ltd, Australia's second-largest brewer, said on Monday Japanese brewer Kirin Holdings had offered A$12.22 a share to buy the remaining 53.9 percent of the group.
Lion Nathan Ltd said Kirin Holdings had offered A $ 12.22 a share.
The OECD has cut its global 2013 GDP forecast to 3.1 per cent, from 3.4 per cent in November.
The OECD has cut its global 2013 GDP forecast to 3.1 per cent.
The Tyler warning sirens, activated if a rotation indicating a tornado is spotted in the area, were sounded on Friday morning.
The Tyler warning sirens, activated, were sounded on Friday morning.
ESI International, the world's leading project management training company, today announced the release of its top 10 trends in business analysis for 2013.
ESI International today announced the release of its top 10 trends in business analysis.
Lorillard Inc. said Friday it has increased its quarterly dividend 8.7 percent.
Lorillard Inc. has increased its quarterly dividend.
Five thousand coastal forest workers face extended winter layoffs this year as companies respond to the worsening economic climate by shutting down mills.
Five thousand coastal forest workers face winter layoffs.
Carrie Underwood has reportedly said that she ``felt like a princess'' when she married boyfriend Mike Fisher.
Carrie Underwood felt like a princess.
Women in Kuwait continue to face significant gender discrimination in all strata of the society and the prejudiced acts hinder their ability to attain important decision-making positions, says Dr Nadeem Al-Duaij.
Women continue to face discrimination.
Golden State Warriors guard Monta Ellis, who suffered a Grade 3 high ankle sprain, a torn deltoid ligament and a syndesmosis disruption of his left ankle last Thursday, underwent successful surgery today to repair the ligament and will be sidelined a minimum of three-plus months, it was announced today.
Monta Ellis, who suffered underwent successful surgery.
Milwaukee police say two people have been found dead in a home on the city's north side.
Two people have been found dead in a home.
As some wags put it, 2010 is ``the year to throw mama from the train''
2010 is the year to throw mama from the train.
Stocks to watch on the Australian stock exchange at noon on Friday: down 2.5 cents, or 2.75 per cent, at 88.5 cents Shares in Billabong have fallen back toward their all-time low after the surfwear retailer suffered a $537 million first half loss.
Stocks to watch at noon on Friday have fallen.
Insurer Aetna Inc. on Friday said it will buy employee assistance program provider Horizon Behavioral Services LLC from Psychiatric Solutions Inc. for $70 million cash.
Aetna Inc. will buy Horizon Behavioral Services LLC for $ 70 million.
Dozens of Kadhafi military vehicles, including tanks, were destroyed Sunday morning in coalition air strikes west of the rebel bastion of Benghazi, correspondents of this news agency and insurgents said.
Dozens of Kadhafi military vehicles were destroyed.
As New York prepares to host world leaders at the United Nations General Assembly, the FBI has arrested three Afghanistan-born men as part of a terrorist investigation.
The FBI has arrested three men as part of a terrorist investigation.
Neil Patrick Harris will help honor Broadway's finest when he hosts the Tony Awards for the third time.
Finest Neil Patrick Harris hosts the Tony Awards.
Singapore share prices ended 1.3% higher on Friday amid a broad Asian rally after the US Federal Reserve announced an open-ended bond-buying programme to boost the American economy.
Singapore share prices ended 1.3% higher.
Technical Analyst, Ashwani Gujral is of the view that one should book profits in ICICI Bank.
One should book profits in ICICI Bank.
Not that this necessarily means much for local tourism, but the federal government says travel from the US to other countries set a new record in 2007.
Travel from the US to other countries set a record.
Asian stocks and the euro rose on Wednesday after upbeat US and German data and strong demand for Spanish debt tempered risk-aversion, with investors' focus turning to a European Central Bank tender as a gauge for euro zone funding strains.
Asian stocks rose after upbeat US data.
The Coca-Cola Company today announced that it has taken a significant step toward its 2020 Vision by commencing implementation of a 21st century beverage partnership model in the United States.
The Coca-Cola Company has taken a step toward its 2020 Vision by commencing implementation of a 21st century beverage partnership model in the United States.
One thousand police officials have been arrested for crime in the past three years, Gauteng police commissioner Mzwandile Petros said on Thursday.
One thousand police officials have been arrested.
Universal Health Services, Inc. announced today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire certain assets of Knapp Medical Center located in Weslaco, Texas including a 226- bed acute-care hospital, the Knapp Surgery Center, Mid Valley Physician Association, Knapp Medical Group, a physician group practice structured as 501-a, and various other real estate assets.
Universal Health Services Inc. has entered into a agreement to acquire assets of Knapp Medical Center.
Georgia gubernatorial candiate Roy Barnes is expected to unveil his economic plan to put Georgians back to work and revive the state's economy.
Roy Barnes is expected to unveil his economic plan.
SpringSource announces a strategic partnership with Carahsoft Technology, the trusted government IT solutions provider.
SpringSource announces a partnership with Carahsoft Technology.
Jordan launched on Thursday the second fiscal reform project in a bid to forge a more effective, innovative and result-oriented fiscal policy and public financial management.
Jordan launched the second fiscal reform project.
A policeman was shot dead in an operation against suspected illegal drug pushers in Cavite on Thursday night.
A policeman was shot dead against drug pushers in Cavite.
External Affairs Minister Pranab Mukherjee will rush to Sri Lanka on Tuesday where the military claims to have captured the last LTTE bastion of Mullaittivu two days back.
Pranab Mukherjee will rush to Sri Lanka.
Denmark striker Nicklas Bendtner is to face a Uefa hearing for ``improper conduct'' on Monday for his actions in the side`s 3-2 defeat against Portugal.
Denmark striker Nicklas Bendtner is to face a Uefa hearing for improper conduct.
The 10 best action movie trailers 2009 certainly set hearts pounding and audience members shooting excited glances at their friends.
The 10 best action movie trailers 2009 hearts.
AP Sports News Video Gov. Terry Branstad wants a further review of state salaries to address gender pay equity and competitiveness concerns.
Terry Branstad wants a further review of state salaries to address.
Deputy Prime Minister Bill English will open AnimfxNZ, New Zealand's premiere animation, games and visual effects conference next week in Wellington.
Bill English will open AnimfxNZ.
With an increase in the sales volume, BidYell has recently announced to offer free Sennheiser mx 75 headphones with the purchase of 50 bid pack for their customers in UK and USA.
BidYell has announced to offer free Sennheiser mx 75 headphones with the purchase of 50 bid pack.
David Cameron has said he is ``expecting great things'' as he toured Whitehall departments after chairing his new cabinet's first meeting at Number 10.
David Cameron is expecting great things.
The United States and Iran appear on a collision course in the Middle East, firing off mixed messages that are raising world tension and roiling oil markets amid fears that an eventual confrontation may be military.
The United States and Iran appear on a collision course.
Indian Foreign minister SM Krishna arrived in Pakistan on Wednesday on a three-day official visit.
SM Krishna arrived in Pakistan.
The Milwaukee Brewers designated George Kottaras for assignment to make room for Jonathan Lucroy who was activated from the 15-day Disabled List according to Tom Haudricourt of the Journal Sentinel.
The Milwaukee Brewers designated George Kottaras for assignment.
New Delhi, Nov 16: ``I feel myself partly a citizen of India -- a citizen of love and honour.''
New Delhi : I feel partly a citizen of India.
50 Cent has hinted he believes his ex-girlfriend started the fire which destroyed his $1.8 million home earlier this year.
50 Cent has hinted he believes his ex-girlfriend started the fire which destroyed his home.
Stafford Rangers celebrated their annual awards evening, despite suffering relegation to the Evo Stik Premier Division.
Stafford Rangers celebrated their awards evening, despite suffering relegation.
A 16-year-old bodyboarder has survived a shark attack outside the Kahului Harbor breakwater, in Maui, Hawaii.
A bodyboarder has survived a shark attack, in Maui.
- An O'Fallon teenager has pleaded guilty to charges related to throwing a bag of human feces on a pregnant woman.
An teenager has pleaded guilty.
The Bangladesh Foreign Minister Dr. Dipu Moni told the Burmese ambassador on Wednesday, ``Rohingyas are your citizens, and it is your concern to take them back in Myanmar from Bangladesh.''
The Bangladesh Dipu Moni told the Burmese ambassador, Rohingyas are, and it is to take.
BP is abandoning the top kill procedure they had hoped would stop the oil leaking from the well on the floor of the Gulf.
BP is abandoning the top kill procedure.
The Argentine film``The Secret in Their Eyes,'' a thriller about a 25-year-long manhunt, won the Academy Award for best foreign language film.
The Argentine film The Secret in Their Eyes won the Academy Award.
Two persons were on Monday held guilty of a 2008 double murder.
Two persons were held guilty of a 2008 double murder.
Future Fund chairman David Gonski is to front a Senate estimates committee hearing in Canberra.
David Gonski is to front a Senate estimates committee hearing.
Law firms are reacting to financial problems in the banking sector and capital markets by opening distressed assets groups.
Law firms are reacting by opening distressed assets groups.
The US has suspended the supply of its excess defence items to Cambodia, months after the South East Asian country forcibly deported nearly 20 Uighurs asylum-seekers to China despite an American request against the move.
The US has suspended the supply of its excess defence items to Cambodia.
American Airlines is losing less money these days, but it's still on a losing streak that's approaching two years.
American Airlines is losing less money.
Former NFL MVP quarterback Steve McNair has been found dead at his home in Nashville, Tennessee with multiple gunshot wounds.
Former NFL MVP quarterback Steve McNair has been found dead.
German company, Muhlbauer, has been granted a contract for purchase of blank biometric passports for Tajikistan, according to the Tajik MFA.
German company has been granted a contract for purchase of blank biometric passports for Tajikistan.
Two teens died after being hit by a train in Knox County Thursday morning, but what they were doing on the tracks is still unknown.
Two teens died after being hit by a train in Knox County.
The 6'3'' keeper is facing a race to be fit in time for The Latics' opener against West Ham on August 16, after it was revealed he is set to see a specialist regarding a recurrent back problem.
The 6 ', he is set to see a specialist.
Everton boss David Moyes has dismissed recent transfer rumours, insisting that he will only sell players if the club needs to raise money.
Everton boss David Moyes has dismissed transfer rumours.
OWLS boss Brian Laws is ready to let Frankie Simek go out on loan.
Frankie Simek go on loan.
The Kindle is finally coming to Canada, just in time for the Holiday shopping season.
The Kindle is coming to Canada.
Yovani Gallardo is hit by a ball off the bat of Justin Heyward, but he remains in the game
Yovani Gallardo is hit by a ball.
The US Coast Guard rescued 13 people from a capsized charter boat on Lake Michigan Saturday.
The US Coast Guard rescued 13 people from a capsized boat.
Sogo \u0026 Seibu Co. announced Monday that it is launching a new deli box dinner service at its Seibu Ikebukuro Department Store, targeted mainly at women on their way home from work.
Sogo \u0026 Seibu Co. is launching a new box dinner service.
After debunking a fake Twitter page, Kanye West went on his own Twitter account to announce that he is launching a new design company called DONDA, named after his late mother, Dr. Donda West.
Kanye West is launching a design company called DONDA.
LONDON -Fulham has hired former Manchester City manager Mark Hughes, giving him a two-year contract.
Fulham has hired manager Mark Hughes.
Kyocera Corporation on March 2 announced that it has recently completed construction of a new solar cell manufacturing plant; further increasing the company's production capacity to meet the growing demand for solar energy products in the global market and contributing to the company's expanded annual production target of 1 gigawatt by March 2013.
Kyocera Corporation has completed construction of a new solar cell manufacturing plant.
Japanese stocks rose, led by automakers on a weaker yen.
Japanese stocks rose.
French-directed silent film ``The Artist'' won the Golden Globe for best musical or comedy film on Sunday, its third award of the night.
Film The Artist won the Golden Globe for best musical or comedy film.
A battle is brewing over a $3 million mansion in north suburban Lake Bluff, whose owner said it is a church.
A battle is brewing over a $ 3 million mansion.
Physicists in charge of the Large Hadron Collider have announced that the existence of the highly sought-after ``God particle'' will be decided by the end of next year.
The existence of the sought - after God particle will be decided by the end of next year.
Malaysia can play an important role in Asia on disarmament and nuclear non-proliferation towards a nuclear weapons-free world, says the Australian co-chair of the International Commission on Nuclear Non-Proliferation and Disarmament, Prof Gareth Evans.
Malaysia can play an important role on disarmament and nuclear non-proliferation.
The Casper College Rodeo team is riding high into the spring season.
The Casper College Rodeo team is riding high.
American film actress and director Angelina Jolie through her foundation has opened another school in Afghanistan.
Actress and director Angelina Jolie has opened another school in Afghanistan.
China and Tajikistan established a strategic partnership on Monday, pledging to boost bilateral cooperation.
China and Tajikistan established a strategic partnership.
The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission passed a new rule Wednesday in Pensacola Beach that will extend zonal crossbow seasons by a month, thereby running concurrently with archery season, beginning July 2011.
The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission will extend crossbow seasons.
Big Data is forecast to drive $34 billion of IT spending in 2013 and create 4.4 million IT jobs by 2015, but it is currently still a solution looking for a problem, according to analyst firm Gartner.
Big Data is forecast, but IT is a solution looking for a problem.
The police today reminded the public not to speculate or spread rumours that can harm the peace and tranquillity of the country.
The police today reminded the public not to speculate or spread rumours.
Indian mobile phone giant Bharti Airtel may increase its offer for a stake in South African peer MTN by between 5 and 10 percent, a source familiar with the negotiations told Reuters.
Bharti Airtel may increase its offer for a stake in MTN.
Manchester United have suffered a double injury blow just days before the Carling Cup final.
Manchester United have suffered a double injury blow.
Member States should avoid national populism and allow Bulgaria and Romania to join the Schengen border check-free area solely on the basis of existing membership criteria, says the European Parliament in a resolution passed on Thursday.
Member States should avoid national populism and allow Bulgaria and Romania to join the Schengen area.
Melrose Resources, an oil and gas exploration and production company, has announced a new exploration discovery and commencement of seismic data acquisition in Egypt.
Melrose Resources has announced a exploration discovery in Egypt.
Oil giant Chevron is banned from further drilling in Brazil after an oil spill off the country's coast earlier this month.
Oil giant Chevron is banned from drilling in Brazil after an spill.
In the last few days Progroup AG received official approvals from the European Union, Brandenburg province and the city of Eisenhüttenstadt for building a new paper mill in Eisenhüttenstadt.
Progroup AG received approvals, for building a new paper mill.
Lynchburg police are warning of a new scam involving both your phone and computer.
Lynchburg police are warning of a scam.
American singer Jessica Simpson is trying to understand Indian culture ever since she has arrived in the country.
Jessica Simpson is trying to understand Indian culture.
The Barisan Nasional has a good chance of winning the upcoming Permatang Pasir by-election, said former prime minister Tun Abdullah Ahmad Badawi.
The Barisan Nasional has a good chance of winning the Permatang Pasir by-election.
Eid Mubarak to Muslims Worldwide! read this item Eid al Fitr 2010 Signals the End of Ramadan:
Eid Mubarak ! Eid al Fitr 2010 Signals the End of Ramadan.
The Oakland Athletics have claimed left handed pitcher Travis Blackley off waivers from the San Francisco Giants the team announced.
The Oakland Athletics have claimed pitcher Travis Blackley off waivers.
UK stocks were little changed after a report showed the country's economy shrank in the fourth quarter and as investors awaited data on US home sales and consumer sentiment.
UK stocks were little changed.
Developers Diversified Realty has entered a new $62 million joint venture, bringing in a new partner to own most of a shopping center in Independence, Mo.
Developers Diversified Realty has entered a $ 62 million joint venture.
Indian officials claim four Australians have been killed in the Mumbai attacks, as the Australian government warned the nation to ``expect the worst''.
Four Australians have been killed in the Mumbai attacks.
Millions of vaccine doses to be burned Police say a man is facing vehicular manslaughter charges in a boat crash near the Statue of Liberty that killed another man dead and injured two others.
A man is facing charges in a boat crash near the Statue of Liberty.
Australian pace legend Dennis Lillee has hailed the coming of age of his young speed protege Mitchell Johnson who took eight South African wickets in the first innings to provide Australia a vital lead at the WACA.
Dennis Lillee has hailed the coming of age of his protege Mitchell Johnson.
Google Offers has officially launched in Baltimore, its first deal for Blue Hill Tavern where you can buy $30 of ``American cuisine and drinks'' for $15.
Google Offers has launched in Baltimore.
A HOUSING association has been criticised for being ``medieval'' after it distributed a leaflet which names and shames a family evicted for anti-social behaviour.
A HOUSING association has been criticised for being medieval.
A Huron County grand jury indicted 15 people Friday.
A Huron County grand jury indicted 15 people.
Aviva, the world's fifth-largest insurer, is to re-enter the Asian general insurance market -- its second move to expand in the region since its chief executive last month played down Asian prospects.
Aviva is to re-enter the Asian insurance market.
NEW YORK_Drug developer Merck says it is cutting 1,200 sales jobs in the United States following a week of regulatory setbacks for two drug candidates.
Merck is cutting 1,200 sales jobs following a week of regulatory setbacks.
The Syrian cabinet endorsed late Tuesday the general elections bill as part of the government's reform program to tamp down more than four months of unrest that swept the country since mid-March.
The Syrian cabinet endorsed the general elections bill.
The Irish Stock Exchange reported a 35% rise in pre-tax profit to €6.3m despite a drop in revenue during 2012.
The Irish Stock Exchange reported a 35% rise in pre-tax profit.
While half the country watches and fact checks the presidential debates, I believe we're drastically missing out on a market that fact checks this NHL lockout.
Fact checks this NHL lockout.
The legislature session which is slated to begin from December 14 is likely to be adjourned for a week without transacting any business due to the council elections to be held on December 18.
The session is likely to be adjourned.
The French president has said that there are now clearly ``two Europes'', following last week's summit in which the UK vetoed EU treaty changes.
There are now clearly two Europes.
Saudi Arabia and other OPEC nations including those in West Africa are willing and able to replace any lost Libyan oil, including crude of the same quality, a Saudi Arabian oil official told Bloomberg by telephone today.
Saudi Arabia and other OPEC nations are willing and able to replace any Libyan oil.
While en route to a fire on the 600 block of King Street on Wednesday, a firetruck collided with a van.
A firetruck collided with a van.
Professor Brian Cox said BBC bureaucrats made him fill out a health and safety form before he tried to discover ALIENS live on television.
Bureaucrats made Brian Cox fill out a health and safety form before he tried to discover ALIENS live.
Federal court records say a Bay St. Louis woman is set to plead guilty to a charge of making a false statement for a homeowners-assistance grant to elevate her home.
A Bay St. Louis woman is set to plead guilty to a charge of making a false statement for a grant.
Probably.There's some research suggesting that quetiapine works for treating mania in people with bipolar disorder.
Quetiapine works for treating mania.
IMEC's associated laboratory IMOMEC, located on the campus of the Hasselt University, developed a method to stabilize the nanomorphology of organic solar cells resulting in a lifetime improvement of at least a factor 10.
IMEC's IMOMEC developed a method to stabilize the nanomorphology of organic solar cells.
On Monday, Madonna called Obama a black Muslim on stage, in what could easily be one of her weirdest endorsements yet.
Madonna called Obama a black Muslim on stage.
The man was found dead in a snowbank on Robertson Street, according to the Patriot Ledger.
The man was found dead in a snowbank.
Danville police, in cooperation with the Virginia Alcoholic Beverage Control Board Enforcement Division, has charged 10 people with selling alcohol to minors at local convenience stores after conducting underage buys since February.
Danville police has charged 10 people with selling alcohol to minors.
Indonesia has no blueprint for renewable energy development although it is set to account for more than 17 per cent of the country's energy mix in 2025.
Indonesia has no blueprint for renewable energy development.
More natural gas-powered vehicles will hit the market soon, as rising gasoline prices, booming natural gas production and proposed tax credits make them a more attractive option.
More natural gas powered vehicles will hit the market.
Memphis police are looking for a prisoner who walked away from work detail in South Memphis on Tuesday.
A prisoner walked away from work detail.
A Singapore opposition leader who is among a rare few to publicly challenge the country's rulers was sentenced Monday to 12 days' jail for contempt, in the latest legal ruling against him.
A Singapore opposition leader was sentenced to 12 days ' jail for contempt.
News confirms that Akerman will play Blondie singer Debbie Harry in an upcoming indie flick titled CBGB, after the iconic New York hotspot that she and her band often frequented.
Akerman will play Blondie singer Debbie Harry in an flick titled CBGB.
Motley Crue frontman Vince Neil is facing a legal battle with his former lawyer over allegations he owes $62,000 in unpaid legal fees.
Vince Neil is facing a legal battle.
Jacques Chirac, who has been charged with corruption dating to his time as Mayor of Paris, is the first former President in French history to face trial on criminal charges.
Jacques Chirac has been charged with corruption.
Dubai, Sep 4 (IANS: ``The biggest fireball ever seen'' and a ``massive 20-storey tower of smoke and flames'' was how witnesses described the crash of a Boeing 747-400 cargo plane in Dubai, in which two crew members were killed.
Dubai : The biggest fireball ever seen was.
A mass grave was unearthed on Tuesday in northern Afghanistan containing at least 20 bodies believed to date from the Soviet-backed government era, an official said.
A mass grave was unearthed in Afghanistan.
With an apology to Congress, baseball and the kids who looked up to him, All-Star shortstop Miguel Tejada received a sentence of one year probation today for misleading Congress about the use of performance-enhancing drugs.
Miguel Tejada received a sentence of one year probation for misleading Congress.
Liverpool have reportedly told Spanish giants Real Madrid to put up or shut up in their chase for star striker Luis Suarez.
Liverpool have told Real Madrid to put up or shut up.
Crews rescued two people who were trapped for hours in their wrecked car after it crashed off Alaskan Way sometime overnight, KIRO 7 Eyewitness News reported.
Who were trapped for hours in their wrecked car.
Hollywood movie Sherlock Holmes is reportedly to have a sequel.
Sherlock Holmes is to have a sequel.
French electro act Daft Punk has broken Spotify records with latest track ``Get Lucky.''
Daft Punk has broken Spotify records.
Japanese yen dropped against most major currencies on Tuesday as a rise in most Asian stocks reduced demand for safe-haven currencies.
Yen dropped against major currencies.
LINCOLN, Calif. Fire officials say the risk of an explosion at a rail car fire in Northern California has increased after the propane tank that is burning showed signs of melting and coming apart.
The risk of an explosion at a rail car fire has increased.
PTI Feb 20, 2013, 07.12PM IST Prime Minister David Cameron has said there is great scope for enhancing trade relations between India and Britain.
There is great scope for enhancing trade relations between India.
Around the state, utility crews are working to restore power to about 5,000 homes and business that blacked out during weekend storms.
Utility crews are working to restore power to about 5,000 homes.
Spain has retained the Davis Cup after Feliciano Lopez and Fernando Verdasco won the doubles to give them an unassailable 3-0 lead.
Spain has retained the Davis Cup.
Cardamom prices moved up on Wednesday by Rs 9.05 per kg at the cardamom auction conducted by the Cardamom Processing \u0026 Marketing Co-Operative Society Ltd, Kumily.
Prices moved up at the cardamom auction.
Shares of Knight Capital Group Inc. soared 65% in afternoon trading after TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. said it will resume routing client trades to Knight in a sign that customer confidence in the Jersey City-based market-making firm is returning.
TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. will resume routing trades to Knight.
US banks report stronger profits and more lending US banks are enjoying their best profits in six years and are lending a bit more freely.
US banks report stronger profits and more lending.
Antenna maker Antenova has added Rubra A10393 mobile penta-band SMD antenna to the gigaNova range of surface mount standard antennas.
Antenova has added SMD antenna to the gigaNova range.
A fuel tanker rolled over and exploded on Route 128 in Needham at around 6 am July 12.
A fuel tanker rolled over and exploded on Route 128 in Needham.
Toyota bounced back from safety recalls and natural disasters, selling 4.97 million vehicles globally in the first half of the year to retake its crown as the world's top automaker from General Motors Co.
Toyota bounced, selling 4.97 million vehicles in the first half.
President Barack Obama will announce key members of his economic team Friday as the administration tries to nudge the US economy into a higher gear, a White House official said.
Barack Obama will announce key members of his economic team.
Nearly 300 people from across southeast Michigan have been sworn in as US citizens in Dearborn.
Nearly 300 people have been sworn in as US citizens in Dearborn.
Model Kate Moss is to make her stage debut in the play The Tempest at London's Old Vic theatre.
Kate Moss is to make her stage debut in the play.
Jennifer Aniston has been described as a ``clingy'' girlfriend; and her new beau, John Mayer, is treating their romance as a ``summer fling'', according to insiders.
Jennifer Aniston has been described as a clingy girlfriend.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi told Singapore's envoy during a prison meeting that she was ``well and being well treated' by the ruling junta, the government here said on Wednesday.
Aung San Suu Kyi was well and being treated.
Zoetis is seeking a manager of laboratory operations for its Kalamazoo labs.
Zoetis is seeking a manager of laboratory operations.
Sports Writer The Colorado Rockies have bolstered their starting rotation, acquiring right-hander Jason Marquis from the Chicago Cubs for reliever Luis Vizcaino.
The Colorado Rockies have bolstered, acquiring Jason Marquis from the Chicago Cubs for reliever Luis Vizcaino.
PRINCE PHILIP HAS been taken to hospital after experiencing chest pains, according to royal officials in the UK.
PRINCE PHILIP HAS been taken to hospital after experiencing chest pains.
24-year-old Joran van der Sloot was sentenced to 28 years in a Peruvian prison for killing a woman there in 2010.
Joran van der Sloot was sentenced to 28 years.
Two North Platte men face felony drug charges after they were found to have prescription pills without a prescription during a routine traffic stop, according to police.
Two men face felony drug charges.
China has raised the monthly personal income tax threshold to 3,500 yuan from the current 2,000 yuan, the official Xinhua news agency said on Thursday, offering a deeper tax cut for wage earners than expected.
China has raised the personal income tax threshold to 3,500 yuan.
World oil prices rose in Asian trade on Monday following fresh unrest in Africa's biggest crude producer, Nigeria.
Oil prices rose in Asian trade.
The Serbian dinar will strengthen against the euro by RSD 0.52 on Friday and thus break through the psychological barrier of RSD 100 for one euro.
The dinar will strengthen against the euro.
Poker star Phil Ivey won $11.5 million in a London casino in August, but the gambling club is refusing to pay him.
Phil Ivey won $ 11.5 million in a casino, but the club is refusing to pay him.
A nurse involved in restraining a psychiatric patient who died has told an inquest the man was held for almost an hour.
The man was held for almost an hour.
Former Prime Minister of France Dominique de Villepin has been acquitted by a Paris court of plotting to discredit the current president, Nicolas Sarkozy, in a case that saw three other defendants judged guilty.
Minister of Dominique de Villepin has been acquitted by a Paris court.
Pittsburgh starter James McDonald continues to give the Pirates good starts.
James McDonald continues to give the Pirates good starts.
Palakkad, June 4 A wild elephant fell into a 20-foot well at a village in the district today and hectic efforts are on to save the jumbo.
Palakkad, A wild elephant fell well and efforts are to save.
For the first time ever, Kelly Osbourne reveals her brand-new bikini body and tells Shape how she got fit...the healthy way.
Kelly Osbourne reveals how she got fit.
Colleyville is reversing the sale of city land to a developer after residents discovered a document promising the property would always be open space.
Colleyville is reversing the sale of city land.
Rajya Sabha was on Friday adjourned sine die at the end of the Budget session of Parliament, which was mainly devoted to financial business of the government.
Rajya Sabha was adjourned sine die.
Delightful news for PC gamers as it has been confirmed that Nvidia's 3D Vision and PhysX technologies are both fully support in Batman:
Nvidia's 3D Vision and PhysX technologies are support in Batman.
Country singer Mindy McCready has been arrested in Tennessee and charged with violating her probation.
Country singer Mindy McCready has been arrested and charged with violating her probation.
Sweden's Multi-event legend Carolina Kluft started her season in sparkling form at her Clubs Championships in Helsingborg.
Carolina Kluft started her season in sparkling form.
Carolina Panthers owner Jerry Richardson is unhappy with the team's quarterback play and wants a major upgrade on offense, but believes that can still be accomplished with a defensive-minded head coach.
Jerry Richardson is and wants a upgrade.
Obesity is a growing problem in Croatia, where 80 per cent of men and 50 per cent of woman weigh too much, reports say.
Obesity is a growing problem in Croatia.
Starbucks stores on South Washington Street and 32nd Avenue South in Grand Forks will close at 5:30 pm today for training and will not reopen until tomorrow.
Starbucks stores will close at 5:30 pm today for training.
Celebrities are always doing something or the other to gain public attention.
Celebrities are doing to gain attention.
ROAD works are due to begin at the Boston Road junction of the A17 and the Kirkby La Thorpe road bridge.
ROAD works are due to begin.
New York Yankees reliever Joba Chamberlain threw off a mound Friday for the first time since hurting his ankle in March.
Joba Chamberlain threw off a mound.
Trinidad and Tobago, as of right now, has 64 years worth of oil and natural gas reserves combined, Energy Minister Conrad Enill says.
Trinidad and Tobago has 64 years worth of oil reserves.
A new swine flu case was registered Sunday in Russia, as a sailor off a sea cruiser was diagnosed with the A virus, Russia's chief sanitary doctor said.
A new swine flu case was registered in Russia.
An Iowa man has plead guilty to fraud charges for defrauding the Social Security Administration.
An Iowa man has plead guilty to fraud charges.
A 20-year-old Alexandria woman was sexually assaulted Thursday night near the intersection of Van Dorn Street and Courtney Avenue around 11:30 pm, police say.
A Alexandria woman was sexually assaulted near the intersection of Van Dorn Street.
It's been a lifetime in the making but a Shelby Township writer has recently published his first book of poetry.
It's been but a Shelby Township writer has published his first book of poetry.
A former Chicora Country Club assistant pro is trying to qualify for the US Open.
A former Chicora Country Club pro is trying to qualify for the US Open.
Aerospace firm Lockheed Martin, NASA's contractor, unveiled a new manned Orion space capsule that will let astronauts to fly to and from the orbiting observatory- the International Space Station.
Aerospace firm Lockheed Martin unveiled a Orion space capsule.
England won the toss and put the West Indies in to bat first in warm, sunny conditions in the second one-day international at Bristol on Sunday.
England won the toss and put the West Indies to bat.
A central Iowa farmer thinks this may be the summer to apply foliar fungicide on soybeans.
This may be the summer to apply foliar fungicide on soybeans.
President Barack Obama and a member of the Republican opposition on Saturday thanked US troops for their service and wished everyone a merry Christmas in their respective radio addresses.
Barack Obama thanked troops.
\u003c !(CDATA(According to Jason Beck of MLB.com, the Tigers have designated Brandon Inge for assignment. Inge has already said he will accept an assignment to Triple-A Toledo if he clears waivers. After hitting .247 in 144 games last season, the Tigers rewarded Inge with a two-year deal worth $11.5 million which included a $6 million club option for 2013. This season, Inge was ...
The Tigers have designated Brandon Inge for assignment.
Iran and Israel appear to be spoiling for a fight, going by recent belligerent statements emanating from several regional capitals.
Iran and Israel appear to be spoiling for a fight.
The Denver Broncos and new head coach John Fox have added the final pieces to their 2011 coaching staff, bringing defensive back coach Ron Milus and linebackers coach Richard Smith aboard.
The Denver Broncos have added the final pieces to their 2011 coaching staff.
Kenton Keith was arrested outside an Indianapolis nightclub early Sunday on several charges, including disorderly conduct and resisting law enforcement.
Kenton Keith was arrested on several charges.
Tobacco companies are frustrating Africa's fight against smoking, which has left millions of people dead, a top health official said here on Tuesday.
Tobacco companies are frustrating Africa's fight against smoking, which has left, a official said.
Information and Broadcasting minister Priyaranjan Dasmunsi is under close observation as his condition continues to be critical for the second consecutive day today.
Priyaranjan Dasmunsi is continues to be critical.
Tom Waits is to publish his first book of poetry, in collaboration with photographer Michael O'Brien.
Tom Waits is to publish his book of poetry.
Hurricane Irene is on track to hit Florida, Georgia and the Carolinas by the weekend, meteorologists said.
Hurricane Irene is on track to hit Florida, and the Carolinas by the weekend.
Now, according to Paul's staff, the Senator is being detained by the TSA in Nashville at this moment.
The Senator is being detained by the TSA.
28-Oct-2009 '' Training Press Releases '' LINE, one of the UK's market leading providers of learning and communications solutions has been shortlisted for final judging in the 2010 BETT awards.
LINE, has been shortlisted for final judging in the 2010 BETT awards.
Budweiser will remain on the No. 9 car at Richard Petty Motorsports for the final three Sprint Cup events of the season, a team spokesman said on Tuesday.
Budweiser will remain on the No. 9 car.
A quick-thinking train driver averted a ``major disaster'' on the Ipswich to London mainline by slamming on the breaks to avoid debris on the tracks that had fallen from a bridge.
A train driver averted.
It is important that homebuyers focus on the basics when investing in the housing market.
Homebuyers focus on the basics.
Discoverture Solutions, a Phoenix-based IT solutions provider, has released a global outsourcing service aimed at mid-market insurance companies.
Discoverture Solutions has released a outsourcing service.
Air pollution, known for its damaging impact on health, is also fast degrading major ecosystems, according to a report.
Air pollution is degrading major ecosystems, according to a report.
Protesters push for mandatory labeling of genetically modified food at the Liberty Pole on Saturday afternoon.
Protesters push for labeling of genetically modified food.
A WHEELERS Hill man who had his car impounded after he was caught doing 203km/h in an 80km/h zone on the weekend has blamed his nagging wife for his speeding.
A WHEELERS Hill man has blamed his nagging wife for his speeding.
Free agent Simeon Rice said in a chat on NFL.com that he recently ``had some contacts with the Jets.''
Simeon Rice had some contacts with the Jets.
Casualty rates at some speed camera sites have worsened since their installation, figures out today showed.
Casualty rates at some speed camera sites have worsened.
Reese Witherspoon has shown off her pet donkeys on US TV and told how her kids help clean up after them.
Reese Witherspoon has shown off her pet donkeys.
Subsea pipeline and offshore contractor Technip has agreed to buy Global Industries for US$ 1.07 billion.
Technip has agreed to buy Global Industries.
The National Weather Service says the Richmond area can expect a warm, sunny start to the work week.
The Richmond area can expect a warm, sunny start to the work week.
Whatever Brains perform ``Drink the Salt'' in their practice space in Raleigh, North Carolina.
Brains perform Drink the Salt.
Deputies shot a man holding a rifle in Aloha on the intersection of SW 195th Road and SW Farmington Road Saturday night, police said.
Deputies shot a man holding a rifle in Aloha.
UK utility National Grid Plc says it will sell its 2,480 megawatt Ravenswood Generating Station in New York City to TransCanada Corporation for $2.9 billion.
National Grid Plc will sell its Ravenswood Generating Station for $ 2.9 billion.
An Afghan child receives a vaccination during a polio eradication campaign at a health clinic in Jalalabad, Afghanistan, Sunday, March 13, 2011.
An Afghan child receives a vaccination.
Greek tourists are allowed to work in Australia if they wish so.
Greek tourists are allowed to work.
MLS kicked the labor lockout marred NBA into fourth place in gate attendance after amassing an average crowd of 17,780 in each game.
MLS kicked the lockout marred NBA into fourth place in attendance.
Wales have confirmed they will host 1958 World Cup runners-up Sweden in a March friendly at the Liberty Stadium.
Wales will host Sweden in a friendly.
Michael Douglas is set to play former US president Ronald Reagan in a new movie.
Michael Douglas is set to play Ronald Reagan.
Obama, who has been reluctant to relinquish the device when he becomes president, dropped his Blackberry and its hard plastic case onto an airport tarmac as he emerged from his fortified vehicle.
Obama dropped his Blackberry.
Industrial fairs of agricultural and hydro-economic utilities were organized in Uzexpocentre in Tashkent, in the first phase of the Fifth International Industrial Fair and Cooperation Exchange, Uzbekreport.com reported.
Industrial fairs were organized in Tashkent.
Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund, Inc., a closed-end equity fund, announced today its performance data and portfolio composition as of September 30, 2010.
Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund, Inc. a fund, announced its performance data and portfolio composition.
A Topeka man has been sentenced to 30 months in federal prison on federal gun and drug charges, US Attorney Barry Grissom said today.
A Topeka man has been sentenced on gun and drug charges.
Justin Bieber, who is currently on tour in Europe, took time out of his busy schedule yesterday to visit the Anne Frank House.
Justin Bieber took to visit the Anne Frank House.
The US has arrested a Russian man for 2008 cyber attacks on Amazon.com, the United States Attorney's Office for the Western District of Washington announced Thursday.
The US has arrested a Russian man for 2008 cyber attacks on Amazon.com.
Japanese carmakers Toyota, Nissan and Honda said on Wednesday that they are reducing output in China because of a slowdown in demand.
Toyota, Nissan and Honda said they are reducing output in China.
The European Union vowed Monday to boost political and trade ties with Pakistan, a day after insurgents there torched nearly 200 vehicles destined to supply NATO forces in Afghanistan.
The European Union vowed to boost political and trade ties with Pakistan.
NY bus tour for education ends with Albany rally An Albany-bound bus became a rolling civics classroom for Samantha Heva and other Olean High School students Wednesday when they clambered aboard in support of more state funding for schools.
NY tour for education ends with Albany rally bus became.
Orco Property Group, a leading investor, developer and asset manager in the Central European real estate and hospitality market, is pleased to announce successful acquisitions of plots for new investments in Warsaw: 22.4 ha at Okólna Street in Marki for a new logistic centre, and 4.7 ha at Przy Parku Street for phase II of the Drawska residential development.
Orco Property Group, is pleased to announce acquisitions of plots for new investments in Warsaw.
Controversial Pakistan fast bowler Shoaib Akhtar's bid to comeback dealt a blow when the national selection committee ignored him for a five-team first class domestic tournament commencing from January 1 here.
The committee ignored him for a domestic tournament.
The eyebrow-raising question of whether Ontario schools should ban chocolate milk had the Opposition declaring victory Thursday and the governing Liberals crying foul.
The question of Ontario schools should ban chocolate milk had.
Domain name registrar and web hosting provider Easyspace is offering substantial discounts on domain names with the .
Domain name registrar and web hosting provider Easyspace is offering.
A Spanish soldier was wounded by a roadside bomb in the western Afghan province of Badghis, Spain's defense ministry said Wednesday.
A Spanish soldier was wounded by a bomb in the Afghan province.
The prosecution has reached a plea bargain with businessman Arcadi Gaydamak in the money laundering case at Bank Hapoalim.
The prosecution has reached a plea bargain with Arcadi Gaydamak.
Manny Ramirez worked out at Dodger Stadium on Monday for the first time since being suspended.
Manny Ramirez worked out at Dodger Stadium.
A former Corinth police officer has been sentenced to 46 months in prison for stealing money during fake traffic stops.
A former Corinth police officer has been sentenced.
Ravens cornerback Chris Carr saw a specialist in Texas this week to get another opinion on his injured left hamstring, an injury that forced him out of last Sunday's victory over the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Cornerback Chris Carr saw a specialist to get another opinion on his hamstring.
Hours after attending activities marking the 25th anniversary of the 1986 EDSA People Power uprising, Vice President Jejomar Binay left Friday evening for a one-week special mission to the Middle East.
Jejomar Binay left for a special mission to the Middle East.
Canada's ratification of the Convention on the Settlement of Investment Disputes between States and Nationals of other States has been a long time coming.
Canada's ratification of the Convention has been a time coming.
The iPhone 4S went on sale today and several stores, AT\u0026T and Apple, reported lines that had started last night outside the businesses.
The iPhone 4S went on sale today.
Record numbers of New Yorkers have retrofitted their homes for energy efficiency using the Green Jobs/Green NY financing program.
Numbers of New Yorkers have retrofitted their homes for energy efficiency using the program.
SUPERCOACH Wayne Bennett has signed a three-year contract to coach St George Illawarra in the NRL from next season.
Wayne Bennett has signed a contract to coach St George Illawarra.
Gov. Jonah Jang of Plateau has promised to use his second term to correct the mistakes his administration made during the last four years and that Plateau belonged to everybody irrespective of affiliations.
His administration made and Plateau belonged to everybody irrespective.
Zee Studio's Sunday Noon Premieres showcases ONCE UPON A MATTRESS on Sunday, January 30, 2010 at 3:30 PM.
Zee Studio's Noon Premieres showcases ONCE UPON A MATTRESS on Sunday.
For the first time in a decade, all the Wrigley rooftops surrounding the ballpark have been inspected by city health officials during the spring and summer.
The Wrigley rooftops have been inspected by city health officials.
The World Bank is preparing up to $85 million in new grants for Burma in order to help support reforms in the Southeast Asian country.
The World Bank is preparing up to $ 85 million in grants in order to help support reforms.
(JURIST) JURIST (FAQ) was nominated Tuesday for a prestigious Webby Award (awards website) as the best Law website of 2009.
JURIST was nominated for a Webby Award as the best Law website.
The Chargers arrived in England on Monday morning after a long flight from Buffalo, where Rivers fumbled twice and threw an interception in a 23-14 loss to the Bills.
The Chargers arrived in England.
Neil Armstrong, the first man to walk on the moon, was recovering from heart surgery, days after his 82nd birthday.
Neil Armstrong was recovering from heart surgery.
Canadian songstress Céline Dion has given birth to premature but healthy twin boys at a Florida hospital.
Céline Dion has given birth to twin boys at a Florida hospital.
Naugatuck police say they're investigating the death of a man whose body was found in a backyard after witnesses heard a gunshot.
Naugatuck police say they 're investigating the death.
Wisconsin Attorney General JB Van Hollen announced Tuesday that a Grant County woman has been charged with patient abuse.
A Grant County woman has been charged with patient abuse.
The La Vernia speech and debate team has reached new heights over the last few years.
The La Vernia speech and debate team has reached new heights.
Kelly Rowland has revealed that she was ``embarrassed'' to call off her wedding back in 2005 because she had made all the arrangements.
Kelly Rowland was embarrassed to call off her wedding.
PETER Kay has been voted the Greatest British Comedian in a national study to celebrate 250 years of Great British Spirit.
PETER Kay has been voted the Greatest British Comedian in a national study.
THE Detroit Shock won their third WNBA title in six seasons by beating the San Antonio Silver Stars 76-60 to sweep the best-of-five finals.
THE Detroit Shock won their third WNBA title in six seasons.
The Jamaat-e-Islami said that Karachi won't be allowed to become another Bangladesh on the wishes of those fighting for their share in extortion.
Karachi won't be allowed to become another Bangladesh.
The share capital in Songa Offshore ASA is increased following conversion of freely tradable warrants.
The capital is increased following conversion of warrants.
Number of the Syrian people fleeing violence at home and taking shelter in Turkey dropped to 8,520 on Saturday, an official statement said.
Number of the Syrian people fleeing and taking shelter in Turkey dropped to 8,520.
New Delhi Three suicide bombers wearing police uniforms and burqas attacked the United Nations office in the western Afghan city of Herat, senior police and UN officials said.
Suicide bombers attacked the United Nations office in the Afghan city of Herat.
NASA may be sending spy satellites to Mars-but don't worry, they won't be going into the alien spy business anytime soon.
NASA may be sending spy satellites to Mars.
A small plane with two men crashed into mangroves off Plantation Key after it lost lift, according to the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission.
A small plane crashed into mangroves.
The second suspect involved in a string of burglaries in Carbon in 2007 recently pled guilty in court.
The second suspect pled guilty.
A soldier from the 1 Rifles battalion, based in Beachley, has been killed in southern Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
A soldier from the 1 Rifles battalion has been killed in Afghanistan.
Elle Macpherson, Australian supermodel, is engaged to Jeffrey Soffer, a billionaire Miami-based real estate agent.
Elle Macpherson is engaged to Jeffrey Soffer, a billionaire Miami based real estate agent.
State Troopers say a motorcyclist was killed when he slammed into the back of a trailer in Theodore.
He slammed into the back of a trailer.
Canadian stocks were little changed, after the benchmark index reached a 17-month high yesterday, as financial and energy shares declined while producers of raw materials advanced.
Canadian stocks were little changed.
FOREIGN Minister Kevin Rudd says the timing of the release of video out-takes of him swearing and losing his temper is a little unusual, but he is not going to point the finger at anyone.
Kevin Rudd says the timing of the release of video - takes of him swearing is unusual.
Summer work is progressing at Fairfield Middle School to install geothermal air handling, at former Lincoln Elementary School to house three separate programs and at Trojan Stadium, to replace a restroom, the Fairfield school board heard at Monday's meeting.
Summer work is progressing, the Fairfield school board heard.
The Texas AgriLife Extension Services Office will offer a Certified Food Management course Feb. 3-4 at Southwest Center.
The Texas AgriLife Extension Services Office will offer a Certified Food Management course.
A Glen Burnie man was killed trying to cross Crain Highway on foot last night, Anne Arundel County police said.
A Glen Burnie man was killed trying to cross Crain Highway on foot.
Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy Monday said that 21 countries and 1,600 delegates have now registered for the Emerging Kerala investment meet to be held at Kochi in September.
21 countries have registered for the Emerging Kerala investment meet.
Pamela Anderson, who is best known for her role as the star of Baywatch, is getting divorced from her husband, Rick Salomon.
Pamela Anderson, who is known, is getting divorced from her husband, Rick Salomon.
Two persons were injured when a tempo carrying goods fell on top of a running train at the over bridge near Kalamandalam hera on late night.
Two persons were injured a tempo fell on top of a running train.
However, it is also going to be a tough budget in terms of achieving a fine balance between growth and fiscal.
It is going to be a tough budget in terms of achieving a balance between growth and fiscal.
Robert Mugabe has been stripped of his honorary knighthood by the Queen as a ``mark of revulsion'' over the abuse of human rights in Zimbabwe.
Robert Mugabe has been stripped of his honorary knighthood as a mark of revulsion.
Who needs a debt commission when White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel is on the case?
Who needs a debt commission when Chief of Rahm Emanuel is on the case.
The Ascend Collection membership program from Choice Hotels International, Inc. reports record growth for 2011.
The Ascend Collection program, reports record growth.
In any case, before Dallas Mavericks' forward Dirk Nowitzki's charity baseball game in Frisco, Texas over the weekend, Barkley said he was so impressed with Nowitzki as a teenager that he recruited him to attend Auburn.
Barkley said he was impressed with Nowitzki he recruited to attend Auburn.
Allianz General Insurance Co Bhd will offer replacement cars for customers who are involved in an accident or fall victim to theft.
Allianz General Insurance Co Bhd will offer replacement cars for customers.
The Russian Space Forces, which were officially reborn as an independent section of the Russian military on the 24th of March 2001, mark their 10th anniversary.
The Russian Space Forces, which were reborn, mark their 10th anniversary.
A US consumer group says high levels of lead have been found in reusable grocery bags supplied by major retailers.
Levels of lead have been found in reusable grocery bags.
The Caspian region has become geopolitical concept long a before since it started to wash shore of five states, said political scientist Rasim Agayev.
The Caspian region has become geopolitical concept long before, said Rasim Agayev.
Four people were injured in a leopard attack near Baragur Koppalu village in Channarayapatna taluk on Wednesday evening.
Four people were injured in a leopard attack.
Contrary to Pakistan PM Yousuf Raza Gilani's contention, India is yet to get any response to its dossier, foreign minister Pranab Mukherjee said on Sunday while maintaining his tough stance on Pakistan.
India is yet to get any response to its dossier.
A man has been accused of selling hundreds of fake exam certificates from as little as £39.95 including top class masters degrees from Oxford University.
A man has been accused of selling hundreds of fake exam certificates.
Snoop told OK magazine: ``Justin Bieber's alright with me, I like him.''
Snoop told : Justin Bieber's alright, I like him.
A FEMALE zookeeper has been crushed to death by an elephant at a zoo in New Zealand.
A zookeeper has been crushed to death by an elephant.
Actress-model-TV host Pooja Bedi was evicted from the Bigg Boss house on Friday.
Pooja Bedi was evicted from the Bigg Boss house.
Monday's MRI revealed that LaDainian Tomlinson has a strained groin, but he is expected to play through it in the AFC's Wild Card round.
LaDainian Tomlinson has a strained groin.
The American Legion has launched an informative new Web site to help veterans and their families understand the Post 9/11 GI Bill, which takes effect Aug. 1, 2009, and how it compares with other federal education benefits for veterans.
The American Legion has launched an new Web site.
Mel B is considering moving to Australia after ``falling in love'' with the country when she worked as a judge there on 'The X Factor' last year.
Mel B is considering moving to Australia.
Indian Home Minister P. Chidambaram Wednesday said there was no indication from Pakistan on sending its judicial commission for pursuing the Mumbai terror attack case.
There was no indication from Pakistan on sending its commission.
A bitter chill swept across Britain on Friday with snow and heavy downpours hitting most of the country, and flood alerts in place in the South West.
A bitter chill swept across Britain.
A drunk, baseball bat-wielding man trying to break into a home sparked a lengthy police chase in Langford early Sunday morning.
A baseball bat wielding man sparked a police chase in Langford.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Gurnam Arora, joint managing director of Kohinoor Foods says, EGoM decision will aid exports.
EGoM decision will aid exports.
There is a clear sense of calm returning to the financial markets after the horrific earthquake in Japan and the leveling of the playing field in Libya.
There is a sense of calm returning to the markets.
Jon Cryer admits that he is a troll on the 'Conan Show'.
Jon Cryer admits he is a troll.
Nobel Prize-nominated peace activist Father John Dear will speak at the National Heritage Museum, 33 Marrett Road, Lexington, on Sunday, Nov. 6, at 2 pm
Father John Dear will speak at the National Heritage Museum.
Mobile phones are fast moving beyond their primary role of voice communication and becoming multi-tasking devices as the number of wireless subscribers in the country totals 892 million, the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India said.
Mobile phones are moving and becoming multi-tasking devices totals.
BALTIMORE ― Baltimore is opening more cooling centers to help residents cope with extreme heat that is forecast to continue through the week.
Baltimore is opening more cooling centers.
Tottenham Hotspur and Everton set up mouth-watering FA Cup semifinal derbies next month against Chelsea and Liverpool respectively by winning on Tuesday.
Tottenham Hotspur and Everton set up FA Cup semifinal derbies.
Sri Lanka Foreign Employment Bureau says Poland, Romania and France have offered employment opportunities for Sri Lankan skilled workers.
Poland, Romania and France have offered employment opportunities for Sri Lankan skilled workers.
The remodeled Waverly branch of the Morgan County Public Library reopened Thursday.
The Waverly branch reopened.
St. Louis County voters will decide this fall whether or not to ban smoking in most indoor public places, paving the way for a possible ban against lighting up in bars and restaurants within the municipality of St. Louis.
St. Louis County voters will decide to ban smoking.
Wolverhampton Wanderers midfielder Karl Henry has undergone a scan to determine the extent of his hamstring injury.
Karl Henry has undergone a scan.
A Neenah woman is accused of embezzling at least $470,000 from a nonprofit center that supplies donated blood to hospitals.
A Neenah woman is accused of embezzling at least $ 470,000 from a nonprofit center.
A snow plow owned by the city of Morris struck a parked Ford E250 van owned by Michael Bonignotti, 1307 Union St., while it was parked in the 1300 block of Union Street at 7:54 am on Friday, Dec. 26.
A snow plow struck a parked van.
The star-studded romantic comedy flick 'New Year's Eve' has topped the US weekend box office grossing $13.7 million, in its three-day screening.
The flick New Year's Eve has topped the US weekend box office.
Global entertainment technology leader Dolby Laboratories has selected Hill \u0026 Knowlton as its public relations agency of record, effective immediately.
Dolby Laboratories has selected Hill \u0026 Knowlton as its agency of record.
The winner of BBC1 talent show The Voice, Leanne Mitchell, sold just 895 copies of her debut album - equating to one record for every 10,000 people who watched her triumph in the innaugural series of the talent show.
The Voice Leanne Mitchell, sold just 895 copies of her debut album.
New figures show that Colombians working abroad are sending less money home for the third year in a row.
Colombians working abroad are sending less money home.
The Deputy Force Public Relations Officer of the Nigeria Police Force, Frank Mba on Monday said that Lagos is the safest city in Nigeria and one of the safest in Africa.
Lagos is the safest city in Nigeria.
Poland formally ended its Iraq mission in the Shia province of Diwaniyah yesterday leaving US troops to take their place, as an Iraqi commander warned insurgency could re-emerge.
Poland ended its Iraq mission.
A county man has been indicted on 40 felony counts relating to the long-term sexual abuse of a female victim.
A man has been indicted on 40 felony counts relating to the sexual abuse.
Indianapolis Star colleague Phil Richards and I crunched the words today on our recorders so people can read what QB Peyton Manning had to say today in front of his locker at the Colts complex, one day after being told his Sept. 8 neck surgery has achieved ``firm fixation'' and he can intensify his workouts.
What Peyton Manning had to say today.
Newsreader Kenneth Kendall, known to many for his role in Channel 4' Treasure Hunt, has died aged 88.
Newsreader Kenneth Kendall has died aged 88.
Best Buy is selling an Acer notebook for $250 that comes with a Celeron 900, 2GB of memory and a 160GB hard drive.
Best Buy is selling an Acer notebook for $ 250.
A comment made by Punjab Governor Shivraj Patil on Thursday triggered controversies as he said Chandigarh belongs to Punjab.
Chandigarh belongs to Punjab.
A 40-year-old domestic worker was severely assaulted by two unidentified men during a house robbery in Lyndhurst, Johannesburg, police said on Tuesday.
A domestic worker was assaulted during a robbery.
Federal authorities say a female golden eagle has been found dead near Dulce.
A female golden eagle has been found dead near Dulce.
Fundamentally, business analytics is an evolved version of business intelligence but with far more emphasis on gaining insights and predicting trends.
Business analytics is an evolved version of business intelligence.
Dubai, Jun 21 As Australia and England gear up to play the 3,000th one-dayer amid a Twenty20 revolution in world cricket, ICC CEO Haroon Lorgat today insisted that ODIs will ``remain strong long into the future''.
ODIs will remain strong long into the future.
Kazakh sovereign proxy Kazmunaigas is set to pay a margin of 210bp on its $1bn five year refinancing loan.
Kazmunaigas is set to pay a margin of 210bp.
Irreverent comedian Christopher Titus is reuniting with Fox to develop a new sitcom loosely based on his life.
Christopher Titus is reuniting with Fox to develop a new sitcom.
Brady, a University of Nevada Hall of Famer, died Tuesday in Reno after a lengthy battle with lymphoma, he family said.
Brady, University of Nevada Hall of Famer, died in Reno.
Sports Writer Commissioner David Stern hopes the NBA does not follow the NFL's lead and keeps its labor dispute with the union out of the courts.
David Stern hopes and keeps its labor dispute out of the courts.
The 2009 Golden Globe Award nominations were announced on Thursday.
The 2009 Golden Globe Award nominations were announced.
Twice in the last six weeks, burglars broke into a minimum-security prison and stole TVs from cells while prisoners were on weekend furloughs, a spokesman for the justice ministry said on Wednesday.
Burglars broke into a prison.
Tesco, Britain's largest retailer, narrowly survived a big investor protest over changes to its management share option plan and more comfortably saw off complaints it should do more to help migrant workers.
Tesco survived a investor protest over changes to its share option plan.
Suicide attacks are an attempt to defame Islam and the government is making efforts to purge the society from cancer of extremism and restore true image of Islam through collective efforts.
Suicide attacks are an attempt to defame Islam.
A Champaign County sheriff's deputy escaped serious injury when his squad car collided with a deer early Thursday.
His squad car collided with a deer.
Texas right-hander Yu Darvish has been scratched from his start Tuesday against Oakland because of neck stiffness.
Yu Darvish has been scratched from his start against Oakland.
The SEC recently proposed rules to reform the way money market funds, which currently have over $2.9 trillion in assets, operate in order to make them less susceptible to large redemptions that could harm investors.
The SEC proposed rules to reform the way money market funds operate.
Tony McCoy brought the house down when driving Albertas Run to Royal \u0026 Sun Alliance Chase glory to land his first winner since returning from a serious back injury.
Tony McCoy brought driving to land his first winner since returning from a injury.
Clear Channel Outdoor has plans to add 120 digital billboards in 33 of the country's largest markets, according to American Consumer News.
Clear Channel Outdoor has plans to add 120 digital billboards in 33 of the country's markets.
A benefit fund has been opened in honor of an 18-year-old Visalia woman killed in a hit-and-run crash in the Dos Palos area earlier this week.
A benefit fund has been opened in honor of an Visalia woman killed in a crash.
Shane Warne has retired from first-class cricket, announcing today that he won't be taking up his contract to captain English county side Hampshire this coming season.
Shane Warne has retired from cricket.
California lawmakers are expressing doubts a Brown administration proposal to regulate hydraulic fracturing is tough enough and can be enforced by state oil regulators.
California lawmakers are expressing doubts a proposal to regulate hydraulic fracturing is.
Fire has destroyed a popular Memphis deli, causing apartments above it to collapse.
Fire has destroyed a popular Memphis deli.
Monsanto Co. has opened its newest corn breeding facility in Flora, MS, reinforcing the company's commitment to deliver the best technology to Southern farmers.
Monsanto Co. has opened its newest corn breeding facility.
The mother of an autistic boy who's been barred from the family's church has pleaded not guilty to violating a restraining order.
The mother of an autistic boy has pleaded not guilty.
Five deaf and mute orphan girls were allegedly raped and beaten by staff at a residential school run by an NGO in Kanota area of Jaipur.
Five deaf and mute girls were raped.
Rwanda has protested to Germany over the arrest of a top government official wanted in France over the death of a former president that sparked 100 days of genocidal killings in the central African nation.
Rwanda has protested over the arrest of a top official.
A WAR veteran who lost part of his leg in Afghanistan has been thrown out of his own home after he made his neighbours' lives ``a misery''.
A WAR veteran has been thrown out of his own home.
UT has approved the proposed hike in road tax, which has now been linked to the cost of cars and two wheelers, with the minimum tax rate at par with that in Punjab.
UT has approved the hike in road tax.
Expensive private health ``MOTs'', including the use of DNA profiles to predict the risk of developing deadly diseases, could be doing ``more harm than good'' experts have warned.
Expensive private health MOTs could be doing more harm than good experts have warned.
President Jacob Zuma must use his state-of-the-nation address to bring South Africans certainty and hope for the future, Freedom Front Plus leader Pieter Mulder said on Wednesday.
Jacob Zuma must use to bring certainty and hope.
Boston Celtics point guard Rajon Rondo says he's saving his money as if the lockout is going to happen.
Rajon Rondo's saving his money as the lockout is going.
Consequently the encouraging corporate results failed to stimulate investor interest with foreigners offloading shares worth $11m.
The encouraging corporate results failed to stimulate investor interest.
A new local wine store has applied for a liquor license to sell small, tasting samples.
A wine store has applied for a license to sell, samples.
Colorado receiver Toney Clemons finally had a big day for the Buffs, catching eight passes for 97 yards and an impressive touchdown catch in the fourth quarter.
Toney Clemons finally had a big day for the Buffs.
Palisair Capital Partners, LP, a fund managed by Palisair Capital, LLC announced today that it intends to commence a friendly tender offer to acquire up to three-hundred and ninety-six thousand shares of the common stock of 1st Century Bancshares, Inc. at a price, net to the seller, of $8.00 per share, on Friday March 14, 2007, and will be open for at least 20 business days.
Palisair Capital Partners, LLC announced.
England have called up Hampshire batsman Michael Carberry as cover for Paul Collingwood for the third Test against South Africa in Cape Town.
England have called up Michael Carberry.
Experts from Troika Dialog Ukraine Investment Company predict CPI inflation at 16-17% y/y in 2009.
Experts predict CPI inflation at 16 - 17% y / y in 2009.
St. Louis Rams safety OJ Atogwe could miss the rest of the season with a dislocated right shoulder that eventually will require surgery.
OJ Atogwe could miss the rest of the season.
The latest Gaga shocker is that Lady Gaga is endorsing condoms.
Lady Gaga is endorsing condoms.
James Nolan, who died while supporting the Irish team in Poland has been laid to rest today.
James Nolan, has been laid to rest.
Crime has plummeted across West Yorkshire with latest figures showing a ten per centre reduction in offences.
Crime has plummeted across West Yorkshire.
Adam Thompstone will undergo surgery on his ankle which is expected to rule him out for up to four months.
Adam Thompstone will undergo surgery.
Gillespie, the subject of a rejected £400,000 bid from Colchester United last week, handed in a written transfer request last night, saying he wanted to explore opportunities elsewhere.
Gillespie handed in a transfer request.
Wild winds with gusts topping 105 kph blew from the Great Lakes to the East Coast on on Thursday, knocking out power to hundreds of thousands of customers, disrupting travel and killing at least five people.
Winds blew, knocking out power to hundreds of thousands.
Coach Jay Wright, on what he told his players when they were trailing 60-50 with 6 minutes, 49 seconds left in regulation at St. John's: ``We just told our guys to keep grinding.''
Jay Wright, on he told : We just told our guys to keep grinding.
Saint Christopher's Hospital for Children was set to announce a $110 million expansion at 10:30 this morning.
Saint Christopher's Hospital for Children was set to announce a $ 110 million expansion.
Olly Murs has taken to his Twitter account to ask Cheryl Cole for her number saying ``can't blame a guy for trying''.
Olly Murs has taken to ask Cheryl Cole for her number.
Three-time Kentucky Derby-winning jockey Calvin Borel has been arrested on a drunken driving charge in
Jockey Calvin Borel has been arrested on a drunken driving charge in.
One person was injured this morning when an MBTA bus carrying 30 people crashed into a pole, a tree and a parked car in South Boston, according to the MBTA.
One person was injured an MBTA bus crashed.
I was going through the photos from the Chargers voluntary mini camp and noticed that Philip Rivers is keeping the gloves on for practice.
Philip Rivers is keeping the gloves on.
In a recent study, researchers have found that women having more feminine facial features are preferred by men over those who have masculine features.
Women having more feminine facial features are preferred by men.
He reveals to us that his acting career started ``straight out of youth service; Nollywood met me on the scene'', he declares.
He reveals his career started ; Nollywood met on the scene.
LMP Corporate Loan Fund Inc., which is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ``TLI,'' announced today the results of the votes cast at the Fund´s annual meeting of shareholders held on January 28, 2011.
LMP Corporate Loan Fund Inc. announced the results of the votes cast ´ s annual meeting of shareholders.
BERLIN - The euro is holding its recent gains against the dollar, undeterred by the recent turmoil in Egypt, the Middle East's most populous nation.
The euro is holding its gains against the dollar.
China is diversifying its sources of uranium to meet the rising demand in developing the nuclear power industry.
China is diversifying its sources of uranium.
India needs to catch up economically with China but the gap now is growing rather than shrinking, Indian Finance Minister P. Chidambaram said in an interview published Tuesday.
India needs to catch up with China but the gap is growing.
Michel Balter, Sales Director EMEA, CameronTec ``CameronTec is pleased that Fixnetix, a respected and fast growing provider of market data and trading infrastructure connectivity to financial institutions, has selected CameronFIX.''
Fixnetix has selected CameronFIX.
A Denver man is accused of shaking a baby while baby-sitting for her.
A Denver man is accused of shaking a baby.
People who are thinking of selling their real properties should be aware that the real property gains tax is back in a mutated form.
The real property gains tax is.
Kaer Pte Ltd, Singapore-based energy-efficiency solutions provider, is set to open its second regional office in Indonesia by year-end.
Kaer Pte Ltd is set to open its second regional office in Indonesia.
``It is a national process. So Afghans have to lead the election process themselves,'' Karzai said during a meeting of the Afghan government's security council in the capital, Kabul, on Sunday.
It is. Afghans have to lead the election process, Karzai said.
The FSA has lost its first insider dealing case, as a finance director and two lawyers walked free from court today.
The FSA has lost its first insider dealing case.
' Glencore chief Ivan Glasenberg defends high executive pay at the Melbourne Mining Club dinner held in London last night.
Glencore chief Ivan Glasenberg defends high pay.
A father and son from Cambria County are arrested on aggravated assault charges.
A father and son are arrested.
New Delhi, Sep 8 Non-basmati rice prices fell by Rs 50 per quintal on the wholesale grains market on adequate stocks position following increased supplies.
Non-basmati rice prices fell on position following increased supplies.
Single Buoy Moorings, a Switzerland-based multinational group of companies that provides systems and services to the oil and gas industry, has selected Orange Business Services to deploy Cisco TelePresence.
Single Buoy Moorings has selected Orange Business Services to deploy Cisco TelePresence.
Britney Spears has praised the X Factor USA for being ``really good'' to her for allowing her to use her music expertise to help upcoming stars.
Britney Spears has praised the X Factor USA for being really good to her.
Assemblyman Mike Duvall, R-Yorba Linda, was caught on tape bragging about two simultaneous affair.
Assemblyman Mike Duvall was caught on tape.
At least three more Oakland police officers were placed on paid administrative leave this week pending an internal affairs investigation into ``misstatements'' they made on sworn affidavits used to secure search warrants.
At least three more Oakland police officers were placed on leave.
A Delhi court on Saturday ordered registration of FIR against former IPS officer Kiran Bedi for allegedly cheating and misappropriating funds in collusion with foreign companies and other foundations.
A Delhi court ordered registration of FIR against Kiran Bedi.
A week after Adarsh Co-operative Housing Society scandal rocked the country, Maharashtra administration has come to a standstill.
Maharashtra administration has come to a standstill.
``When the doctor told us that Andrew had six to eight weeks left, I promised him that we would do everything ... everything he wanted to,'' says Laura Laverty, his mother.
I promised we would do everything.
Consumer borrowing dropped more than $9 billion in May, showing Americans are more focused on getting their finances in order instead of increasing their spending as the economy slowly recovers.
Consumer borrowing dropped in May.
A Rockville teen has pleaded guilty to charges for his role in building explosives in a case that involved a map of Camp David .
A Rockville teen has pleaded guilty to charges for his role in building explosives.
Officials say United Airlines flights out of Los Angeles Palmdale Regional Airport will end next month following a struggle to attract travelers since passenger service resumed last year.
United Airlines flights will end.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has launched a service for Qatari citizens travelling abroad called ``Tawasol''.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has launched a service for Qatari citizens travelling abroad.
Former state Comptroller John Sharp, a Democrat, filed the formal paperwork Thursday to run for the US Senate seat now held by Republican Sen. Kay Bailey Hutichison.
John Sharp filed the paperwork to run for the US Senate seat.
The Nokia N900 has gone on sale in the US on Wednesday for a $649 unsubsidised after the mobile phone manufacturer failed to find a carrier to offer the handset.
The Nokia N900 has gone on sale in the US.
Visteon Corporation says it has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, according to a news release posted to the company's website.
Visteon Corporation says it has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
American Edward Snowden, accompanied by a WikiLeaks lawyer, is set to fly out of Russia as the US demands his return.
Edward Snowden is set to fly out of Russia.
Wellesley College has joined edX, the online learning program started in May by Harvard University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Wellesley College has joined edX.
Two statements by Turkish state officials have once again highlighted the paradoxes of the Turkish interpretation of secularism.
Two statements by state officials have highlighted the paradoxes of the Turkish interpretation of secularism.
Asian bond spreads narrowed significantly Wednesday after a slump in oil prices eased inflation concerns, while the cost of protection against Indian banks dropped after the government won a key vote of confidence.
Asian bond spreads narrowed.
Man charged with teen's attempted murder Updated: 17:03, Wednesday December 19, 2012 Police have charged a man with the attempted murder of a 16-year-old boy who suffered critical injuries when he was shot in the stomach in Sydney's west earlier this year.
Man charged with teen's attempted murder.
Owens-Illinois, Inc., announced said that it plans to close its glass container plant in Castel Maggiore, Italy.
It plans to close its glass container plant in Castel Maggiore, Italy.
Muslim dhobis should get equal right as given to Hindu dhobis, this was said by Delhi chief minister Shiela Dixit was speaking at a programme of the Muslim washermen community of Delhi.
Muslim dhobis should get equal right as given to Hindu dhobis.
RUSSIA is currently disrupting imports of Moldovan wine, claiming the product is substandard, though the move is believed to be at least partly politically motivated.
RUSSIA is disrupting imports of Moldovan wine.
A robbery in a restaurant parking lot was reported in Port Hueneme this week, police said.
A robbery in a restaurant parking lot was reported.
Massachusetts gubernatorial candidate Timothy Cahill says Rhode Island made a ``bad decision'' by luring Curt Schilling (stats)'s video game company with a $75 million loan guarantee.
Timothy Cahill says Rhode Island made a bad decision by luring Curt Schilling.
Law enforcement agencies say they lack both the space and expertise to store DNA evidence that a new state law requires them to preserve.
Law enforcement agencies say they lack the space and expertise to store DNA evidence.
``With the weather not cooperating Thursday for a second landing opportunity at Kennedy Space Center, space shuttle Discovery will stay in orbit another day (until late Friday),'' NASA said in a statement on its website.
Discovery will stay in orbit another day, NASA said.
Hall of Fame wide receiver Jerry Rice advised DeSean Jackson prior to the NFL Draft and their relationship has continued.
Jerry Rice advised DeSean Jackson.
Oscar-winning film star Angelina Jolie revealed on Tuesday that she underwent a double mastectomy after learning she had inherited a high risk of breast cancer and said she hoped her story would inspire other women fighting the life-threatening disease.
Angelina Jolie underwent a double mastectomy.
Portugal midfielder Deco wants to see his friend and Chelsea teammate Didier Drogba play for the Ivory Coast in their World Cup clash here on Tuesday.
Deco wants to see Didier Drogba play.
Dairy prices have lost their momentum for the first time in 18 months with the ANZ World Commodity Price Index showing a 1.8 per cent drop, causing farmers to doubt whether this season's Fonterra payout could be bettered.
Dairy prices have lost their momentum.
Newcastle and Middlesbrough have been relegated to the Championship after both teams lost their final games.Sunderland have stayed up, but manager Ricky Sbragia has confirmed he will stand down as manager.
Newcastle and Middlesbrough have been relegated.
A man was found dead in a drain by the roadside along Mile 12, Jalan Keningau Sook, Thursday.
A man was found dead in a drain.
Baton Rouge rapper Lil' Boosie is scheduled for a court hearing Wednesday morning related to his murder indictment.
Lil ' Boosie is scheduled for a court hearing.
Police in north-eastern Thailand who chased a pickup truck trying to avoid a highway checkpoint found unexpected contraband in the back of the vehicle: 16 tiger cubs.
Police in Thailand found unexpected contraband in the back of the vehicle : 16 tiger cubs.
Several entertainment media outlets are reporting that Nate Dogg has suffered his second stroke in less than ten months and is in serious condition.
Nate Dogg has suffered his stroke.
A meeting of Catholic Priests to consider setting up an association of Irish priests takes place in Portlaoise today.
A meeting of Catholic Priests takes place in Portlaoise today.
Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer wants you to know that the Xbox 360 ``isn't a gaming console.''
The Xbox 360 isn't a gaming console.
Auto major Tata Motors said it has selected over 1.55 lakh customers for its small-car Nano.
Tata Motors has selected over 1.55 lakh customers for its small-car Nano.
Country singer Dolly Parton will continue having cosmetic surgery if she sees something ''sagging or bragging'' but says she doesn't want to look ''artificial''.
Dolly Parton will continue having surgery.
A former Kent County adult home worker who is accused of assaulting a resident faces a judge Monday.
A adult home worker who is accused of assaulting a resident faces.
Gov. David Paterson is extending unemployment benefits to 56,000 New Yorkers who faced their last checks this week.
David Paterson is extending unemployment benefits.
The entire Tottenham Hotspur squad have requested heart checks following Fabrice Muamba's cardiac arrest at White Hart Lane on Saturday evening.
The Tottenham Hotspur squad have requested heart checks.
Secretary Clinton met with four female Afghan government ministers yesterday and made a pledge to the women of Afghanistan: ``We will not abandon you.
Clinton met and made to the women of Afghanistan : We will not abandon.
French energy sector engineering company Technip has secured two contracts from BP for the Schiehallion field development.
Technip has secured two contracts from BP for the Schiehallion field development.
The Chakhesang Women welfare Society market complex was inaugurated by Chairman, Kohima Municipal Council Vipopal Kintso on April 3, 2009.
The market complex was inaugurated.
In an unprecedented industry move, Vauxhall is introducing a lifetime warranty on all its new cars with immediate effect, providing the potential of comprehensive coverage throughout each vehicle's life.
Vauxhall is introducing a lifetime warranty on its new cars.
London, Dec 20 WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has claimed that he receives death threats from US soldiers regularly, a media report said Monday.
Julian Assange receives death threats from US soldiers.
Roger Federer has moved back to No.3 in the world rankings thanks to his win in the ATP Tour Finals in London on Sunday.
Roger Federer has moved in the rankings.
Dina revealed to PopEater.com: ``Lindsay is dropping the Lohan and just going by Lindsay.
Lindsay is dropping the Lohan.
A Caltrain conductor contracted from Amtrak, has been arrested for falsely imprisoning several female passengers, and other incidents of misconduct, reports the Bay City News.
A Caltrain conductor, has been arrested.
Christians around the world celebrated Palm Sunday today.
Christians celebrated Palm Sunday.
A Pepco spokesman says power has been restored to RFK Stadium and a housing project in southeast Washington after a day without electricity.
Power has been restored to RFK Stadium and a housing project.
A North Carolina woman was charged with prostitution for the second time in a week on Friday, police said.
A woman was charged with prostitution for the second time.
A second person has died of injuries suffered in a violent wind storm that pounded southern Ontario last week.
A second person has died of injuries suffered in a violent wind storm.
The majority of Australian finance workers would recommend a career here to overseas peers despite the high cost of living, according to the recent eFinancialCareers Annual Movement Survey.
The majority of Australian finance workers would recommend a career here.
Hundreds of Coptic Christians protested Tuesday evening outside the Alexandria library condemning the church burning in the town of Edfu, in the Aswan governorate in Upper Egypt.
Hundreds of Coptic Christians protested outside the Alexandria library.
Doom 4 will be compatible with the Oculus Rift virtual reality headset, just like its baby brother, Doom 3 BFG Edition.
Doom 4 will be compatible with the Oculus Rift headset.
The ruling Congress on Thursday released its election manifesto, promising to urge the Centre to provide constitutional safeguards for the territorial integrity of Manipur.
The Congress released its election manifesto.
On Monday it became known that AOL purchased Internet video firm StudioNow.
AOL purchased StudioNow.
Mehr News Agency reported that Iran has saved over USD 1 billion in energy costs in the 15 day period since the start of the subsidy reform plan.
Iran has saved over USD 1 billion in energy costs since the start of the subsidy reform plan.
A father and son were found guilty of first-degree murder Monday in Imperial County Superior Court for the 2009 death of the father's nephew, said Imperial County Deputy District Attorney Marco Nuñez.
A father and son were found guilty of murder.
Howard Stern Show co-host Robin Quivers says she is undergoing tests to determine whether or not she has cancer.
Robin Quivers has cancer.
In an age when cartoons are built around pristine computer-generated images and packed with jokes, Henry Selick still makes animation the old fashioned way -- by hand, and scary.
Henry Selick makes animation the old fashioned way -- by hand, and scary.
Liverpool defender Fabio Aurelio is likely to miss the rest of the season after the Brazilian was ruled out for at least three weeks with a torn abductor muscle.
Fabio Aurelio is likely to miss the rest of the season.
Lily Allen has said that Amy Winehouse became ``a cartoon character of herself'' by the end of her life.
Lily Allen has said Amy Winehouse became a cartoon character.
Somerton voters on Tuesday will elect two new city council members and decide whether to place a limit on annual increases in the city budget.
Somerton voters will elect two new council members.
Oil fell today as US supplies rose for the first time in a month and finance ministers from leading industrialized nations pleaded with top producers to boost crude production to help lower crude prices and help the global economy.
Oil fell as supplies rose.
AC Milan is due to announce what is ailing hospitalized striker Antonio Cassano.
AC Milan is due to announce what is ailing Antonio Cassano.
Kristin Cavallari has a hard labour Updated: 13:53, Saturday October 6, 2012 Kristin Cavallari says labour was worse than she could ever have imagined.
Kristin Cavallari has a hard labour 13:53.
A 23-year-old Laurel man was arrested when law enforcement officers raided an illegal nightclub in the Hebron community west of Laurel.
A Laurel man was arrested when law enforcement officers raided an illegal nightclub in the west.
LEE CLARK has warned Huddersfield not to blow their chance of a lifetime at Millwall in tonight's League One play-off semi-final second leg.
LEE CLARK has warned Huddersfield.
AROUND 1,000 homes were left without water for nearly two hours tonight following a burst pipe.
1,000 homes were left without water.
This is Daytona Ellen Carroll she is a youth fairy this year, she is from Owensville missouri.
Daytona Ellen Carroll is a youth fairy.
A Christian group is suing the City of Ithaca for allegedly denying a Syracuse man his freedom of speech.
A group is suing the City of Ithaca.
A man armed with a knife robbed a Milltown gas station Sunday night, police reported today.
A man armed with a knife robbed a Milltown gas station.
Oscar-winning actress Sissy Spacek received the 2,443rd star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on Monday.
Sissy Spacek received the star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Arunachal Pradesh is all set to launch a rural tourism project at Ziro in Lower Subansiri district by involving local people with the tourism department.
Arunachal Pradesh is set to launch a rural tourism project.
A trucker pleaded innocent Friday to murder and a string of drug-related charges in connection with a fatal DUI that led to the death of a state employee.
A trucker pleaded innocent.
Gov. Jan Brewer declared a state of emergency for Yavapai County, where the Doce Fire is burning.
Jan Brewer declared a state of emergency for Yavapai County.
A 19-year-old man was booked in the death of a fetus after he accidentally shot a pregnant woman and killed her unborn baby, authorities said.
A man was booked in the death of a fetus.
Crude oil prices held under $80 a barrel overnight in New York as supplies remain high in a week in which equities have hit a speed bump.
Crude oil prices held under $ 80.
During Sunday afternoon, Nong Kham police in Sriracha received notification that a young man had drowned at a nearby pond.
A young man had drowned at a pond.
Marcus Collins fled 'The X Factor' after his best pal Craig Colton was voted off the show on Sunday night.
Marcus Collins fled The X Factor.
East Timor President Jose Ramos-Horta was wounded and at least one of his guards was killed in an attack on his home Monday by renegade soldiers, army spokesman Maj. Domingos da Camara said.
East Timor President Jose Ramos-Horta was wounded and one was killed in an attack on his home.
In a costly display of pique, SC Gov. Nikki Haley will call state lawmakers into ``emergency'' session in an attempt to get them to pass her watered-down government restructuring legislation, sources tell FITS.
Nikki Haley will call lawmakers into emergency session.
Gov. Matt Blunt has commuted the prison sentences of two women who killed the men who had abused them.
Matt Blunt has commuted the sentences of two women.
A new Raymond Blanc restaurant in Liverpool is nearing completion, with the Michelin-starred chef expressing his excitement at the venture.
A Raymond Blanc restaurant in Liverpool is nearing completion.
General Electric Co is seeking acquisition opportunities in Italy among small- and medium-sized companies with 'superior' technology and a strong growth potential, said General Electric International CEO Ferdinando Beccalli.
General Electric Co is seeking acquisition opportunities in Italy.
Reese Witherspoon says working alongside an elephant for new movie `Water For Elephants` was one of the best experiences of her career.
Reese Witherspoon says working alongside an elephant was one.
' Well, I really belive Jacory is going to show us all Saturday night.''
Jacory is going to show all Saturday night.
Sri Lankan police arrested four people on Friday, including a Pakistani national, after seizing 50 kilos of high-grade heroin with a street value of one million dollars.
Sri Lankan police arrested after seizing 50 kilos of heroin.
JP Morgan and Trading Technologies have entered into a global software licensing and distribution agreement under which JP Morgan will make Trading Technologies' X_Trader order entry software and TTNet hosting solution available to its trading desks and global futures and options clients.
JP Morgan have entered into a licensing and distribution agreement JP Morgan will make Trading Technologies ' software.
GLENDALE, Calif. Gary Collins checked into jail Monday to serve a four-day sentence in his drunken driving case.
Gary Collins checked into jail.
Researchers at the University of Twente in the Netherlands have developed an extremely small microfluidic chip that simulates chemical reactions commonplace in the human body, for testing drug reactions.
Researchers at the University of Twente in the Netherlands have developed an microfluidic chip, for testing drug reactions.
Two Great Falls teens accused of making bombs from soda bottles and planting the devices around the city were arrested Friday.
Two teens accused of making bombs from soda bottles were arrested.
James Perloff will be interviewed on VoiceAmerica Business' ``Turning Hard Times into Good Times with Jay Taylor'' on July 6, 2:30 PM Central.
James Perloff will be interviewed on VoiceAmerica Business ' Hard Times on July 6.
A US court has jailed a Chinese national for more than five years for illegally exporting military secrets to China.
A US court has jailed a Chinese national.
Khunti, Mar 7 A 25-year-old CRPF jawan allegedly committed suicide today by shooting himself while on duty at Rania area here.
Khunti, A CRPF jawan committed suicide.
Cheryl Cole is reportedly in talks to host her own late night chat show.
Cheryl Cole is in talks to host her late night chat show.
A homemade bomb ripped through a passenger bus in the southern Philippines on Thursday, wounding 27 people, police said.
A bomb ripped through a bus.
And then I come across the super cute Kate Hudson rocking a tiny little bikini and showing off her baby bump.
I come across the Kate Hudson rocking a bikini and showing off her baby bump.
Developer Bloomsix has announced a mobile massive multiplayer online strategy game, Armada:
Bloomsix has announced a game, Armada.
Gavin and Stacey star James Corden and X-Men's Sir Patrick Stewart apparently clashed on stage during last night's Glamour Awards in London.
Gavin and James Corden and X-Men's Sir Patrick Stewart clashed on stage.
Around 700,000 people have travelled by train during the Christmas and New Year holidays, the press office of the Bulgarian State Railways announced for FOCUS News Agency.
Around 700,000 people have travelled by train during the Christmas and New Year holidays.
Governor-General, His Excellency the Most Hon. Dr. Patrick Allen, has said that the Government would continue its social programmes during the 2009/10 financial year, despite the challenges of the global economic crisis.
The Government would continue its social programmes.
PTI May 15, 2013, 07.03PM IST French cement major Lafarge today said it will raise 200 million euros from Baring Private Equity Asia by selling a 14 per cent stake in its Indian subsidiary.
May 15 2013 French cement major Lafarge today said it will raise 200 million euros from Baring Private Equity Asia.
The new casino boat set sail for Little River from Miami last week, according to casino representatives, arriving on Friday.
The new casino boat set arriving.
FARMERS have been urged to take their animals for spraying to help in the suppression of tsetse flies.
FARMERS have been urged to take their animals for spraying.
Lollapalooza 2013 ticket are on sale as of this Tuesday with three day passes having been sold out already.
Lollapalooza 2013 ticket are on sale.
The African Union (AU) officially recognized the National Transitional Council as the legitimate government of Libya.
The African Union recognized the National Transitional Council.
The reverse 9-1-1 system was put into service in Salinas to help get information on gang violence.
The reverse 9 1 1 system was put into service in Salinas.
European data center operator Baltic Data Center announced on Thursday it has acquired Web hosting provider Hostex.
Baltic Data Center has acquired Web hosting Hostex.
Afghan police and coalition forces killed 31 militants in a Taliban-controlled region of the country's opium poppy-growing belt, the second large battle in the Afghan south in two days, officials said Wednesday.
Afghan police and coalition forces killed 31 militants.
On Friday, State Auditor Tom Schweich released the audit of the Audrain County Collector and Property Tax System.
Tom Schweich released the audit.
London, June 5 American singer Mandy Moore, who did not stick to formula singing, says her music is different from Christina Aguilera and Britney Spears.
Her music is different.
``I do not believe in miracles,'' UPA presidential nominee Pranab Mukherjee remarked today, taking a jibe at his rival PA Sangma who is hoping for a miracle to see him through in the July 19 poll.
I do not believe in miracles.
Police are investigating two firearm incidents that occurred last night (Mar.19) in Hamilton parish and Paget.
Police are investigating two firearm incidents.
``There is no alternative to Dhoni. He and Virat Kohli have been tireless on the field. Virat has been exception and Dhoni has also been tireless. He hasn't missed too many opportunities of catching and stumping,'' Gavaskar told NDTV on Wednesday.
There is no alternative to Dhoni.
Kendrick has a good take, but when you pull back and look at the bigger picture, there are several compelling reasons why companion devices should -- and will -- eventually replace the PC.
Kendrick has but there are reasons why companion devices should replace the PC.
Any male -- including close kin -- will do for the female red squirrel, who mates rather indiscriminately, according to a study that records this rather unusual trait in animals.
Any male will do for the female red squirrel.
Ameer Jamaat --e- Islami Pakistan Syed Munawar Hassan has said that the country was heading towards anarchy due to the negative mindset of the rulers and the saboteurs and anti state elements were gaining strength.
The country was heading towards anarchy.
The latest US Department of Agriculture projections for 2010/11 indicate that world cotton stocks are expected to decrease for the second consecutive season and drop below 50 million bales for the first time in 7 seasons.
Cotton stocks are expected to decrease.
US voters want ``real answers'' on the economic crisis and ``don't care about the back and forth between the candidates'', according to Barack Obama's wife.
US voters want real answers.
Starbucks plans to open its first store in India by August.
Starbucks plans to open its first store in India.
Bruno Mars is in mourning after his mother died on Saturday, according to a report.
Bruno Mars is after his mother died.
Fourth-seeded Russian Elena Dementieva breezed into the quarterfinals of the Indian Wells WTA tournament with a commanding 6-3, 6-3 win against Frenchwoman Aravane Rezai on Tuesday.
Elena Dementieva breezed into the quarterfinals.
The Massillon Rotary Foundation Trust is accepting grant applications through May 31 from nonprofit organizations that sponsor projects focusing on health, wellness and other charitable purposes.
The Massillon Rotary Foundation Trust is accepting grant applications.
New Delhi, May 31 Breaking his silence on the raging spot-fixing scandal, Sachin Tendulkar on Thursday said that the developments of the last two weeks were ``shocking and disappointing'' and the faith reposed by the millions of fans in the game should be justified.
The developments were shocking and disappointing.
American Airlines, a founding member of the oneworld® alliance, is proud to celebrate the launch of two new routes and various additional frequencies from Miami International Airport.
American Airlines is proud to celebrate the launch of two new routes and additional frequencies from Miami International Airport.
The al Qaeda-linked Caucasus Emirate launched a suicide assault on the Chechen parliament in the capital of Grozny this morning.
The Caucasus Emirate launched a suicide assault on the Chechen parliament.
Tom Hardy is expected to play Dr. Hugo Strange in the forthcoming Batman movie 'The Dark Knight Rises'.
Tom Hardy is expected to play Dr. Hugo Strange in the Batman movie.
Police are investigating the deaths of three people Saturday as a double murder and a suicide, Sgt. Bart Brunscheen, a spokesman for the Wichita Police Department, said Sunday .
Police are investigating the deaths as a double murder and a suicide.
No one was injured in a car versus school bus accident this morning, according to Dubuque Police.
No one was injured in a car versus school bus accident.
Bryzgalov earned his third shutout in just four games to lead Philadelphia to a 1-0 shootout victory over the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Bryzgalov earned his third shutout in just four games.
Jesse Helms, a die-hard anti-communist firebrand who championed a wide range of conservative causes as a US senator from North Carolina for 30 years, died early on Friday, aged 86, his foundation said.
Jesse Helms, a firebrand, died, aged 86.
Demand for new workers from UK employers rose steadily in February, according to the Reed Job Index.
Demand for new workers rose in February.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie says his favorite kids' movie is ``Shrek.''
Gov. Chris Christie says his favorite kids ' movie is Shrek.
Kristen Stewart will be presenting at the Oscars and we literally can't wait!
Kristen Stewart will be presenting at the Oscars.
Kolkata, May 6 India will focus on China to promote exports in the communist country, but this year the response of Indian business to a trade fair there was lukewarm.
Kolkata, India will focus on China to promote exports.
South African maize futures ended mixed on Monday, with both July white and yellow contracts edging up on lower than expected rainfall.
Maize futures ended mixed.
MODEL Katie Price was turned away from a Caterham tanning salon due to being pregnant.
Katie Price was turned away from a tanning salon.
Windstream intends to raise $400 million in a private placement of senior notes due 2018.
Windstream intends to raise $ 400 million in a placement of senior notes.
Argentina striker Carlos Tevez can play against Brazil in June's World Cup qualifier after his international ban was cut from two matches to one.
Carlos Tevez can play against Brazil.
Actress Lindsay Lohan was released from a Los Angeles County jail less than five hours after she turned herself in to serve a 30-day sentence for violating probation.
Lindsay Lohan was released from a jail.
Filmmaker John Hughes, who made some of the most memorable teen comedies of the 1980s and turned Macaulay Culkin into a major star, died suddenly of a heart attack in New York Thursday.
Filmmaker John Hughes died of a heart attack.
A recent uncharacteristic frost slammed Dhamar governorate, damaging agricultural crops throughout governorate and spoiling large trees in gardens and parks in the city of Dhamar.
A frost slammed Dhamar governorate, damaging agricultural crops.
Left-arm quick Mitchell Starc has put Australia ahead of the big dollars in the IPL but captain Michael Clarke and keeper Matthew Wade look set to cash in.
Mitchell Starc has put Australia in the IPL.
Singapore Airlines Cargo, a subsidiary of Singapore Airlines, on Wednesday announced that it has added new services and frequencies to its freighter network.
Singapore Airlines Cargo has added new services and frequencies.
Jon Gosselin, who almost returned the money he lifted from a joint bank account, has sparked secret TV deal speculation.
Jon Gosselin has sparked secret TV deal speculation.
Retired US District Judge Thomas Hull of Greeneville, who spent 23 years on the federal bench, died today.
Retired US District Judge Thomas Hull died.
Warriors centre Graeme Morrison will make his 100th Magners League start for Glasgow Warriors on Friday when the Warriors face Llanelli Scarlets in the Magners League at the Parc Y Scarlets.
Graeme Morrison will make his 100th Magners League start.
A Chicago firefighter was slightly injured when he fell through the floor of a burning building on the city's South Side Friday morning.
He fell through the floor of a building.
A freight train sits derailed west of Avalon Blvd., Saturday, Jan. 3, 3009 in Santa Rosa County near Pensacola, Fla. Authorities say a freight train carrying petroleum, wine and fruit has derailed in the Florida Panhandle amid heavy fog.
A freight train, has derailed in the Florida Panhandle.
A Corvallis man was arrested in the early morning hours Wednesday after threatening an ex-girlfriend and two friends with a handgun.
A Corvallis man was arrested after threatening an ex-girlfriend with a handgun.
UFC flyweight and fan favorite Ian McCall was arrested last week in Irvine, California due to a charge of driving with a suspended license.
UFC favorite Ian McCall was arrested in Irvine, California.
The Coca-Cola Co. plans to invest $1 billion in the Philippines during the next five years.
The Coca-Cola Co. plans to invest $ 1 billion in the Philippines.
Mumbai, Feb 16 Bryan Adams will ``definitely'' come back to Delhi, according to Bollywood actor Suniel Shetty whose wife supports NGO Save the Children for which funds are being raised with the singer's concerts in India.
Bryan Adams will come back to Delhi.
Bolivian voters backed a new constitution on Sunday, allowing leftist President Evo Morales to run for re-election, give the poor indigenous majority more power and tighten his grip on the economy.
Bolivian voters backed a constitution.
The Labor Department said the jobless rate held steady at 9.7% last month, the same level from January.
The jobless rate held steady.
NVR, Incorporation's Ryan Homes Division has opened the new Wexford model home at Yorkshire Square in Aurora, Illinois, US.
NVR, has opened the Wexford model home.
Four Americans were killed during a rocket attack at Bagram Air Base, outside of Kabul, a Pentagon official said Tuesday on the condition of anonymity.
Four Americans were killed during a rocket attack at Bagram Air Base.
Parents should keep their children in rear facing car seats until the age of four to offer them greater protection in a car crash, according to a new report.
Parents should keep their children in rear facing car seats until the age of four to offer.
A Utica man was sentenced to 10 years in prison for setting a man on fire, a term he will serve after he completes 15 years for the death of a Florida man.
A Utica man was sentenced to 10 years in prison for setting a man on fire.
The purchase of land for a new county jail was approved following an executive session by the Harrison County Commissioners Court.
The purchase of land for a jail was approved.
Furlonge said Queen's Park, who clinched their second consecutive Premier Division title, were dedicating the 2012 season to Morton, who died in a vehicular accident on March 4, and noted that the former West Indies, Leeward Islands and Trinidad and Tobago opener played a part in their latest success.
Queen's Park were dedicating the 2012 season to Morton.
MELBOURNE Football club president Jim Stynes will receive an honorary doctorate from the Australian Catholic University tonight.
Jim Stynes will receive an honorary doctorate.
Russia is planning to launch two Nigerian satellites into orbit in December, Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said.
Russia is planning to launch two Nigerian satellites in December.
When Alabama A\u0026M on Thursday announced that it had promoted Willie Hayes to head coach, that mean only one Division I opening remains.
Alabama A\u0026M had promoted Willie Hayes to head coach.
Two men have been jailed for two years each after taking part in ``gratuitously violent'' robberies in which a gang carried out random attacks on people on the way home from Christmas parties.
Two men have been jailed after taking in gratuitously violent robberies.
MADRID - Real Betis was relegated from the Spanish league on Sunday after drawing 1-1 with Valladolid.
Real Betis was relegated from the Spanish league after drawing.
Rapper Lil Wayne has opened up about his recent health drama, revealing he has epilepsy and regularly suffers life-threatening seizures which fans never hear about.
Lil Wayne has opened up, revealing he has epilepsy and regularly suffers seizures.
Stiliyan Petrov will begin treatment at a London hospital on Monday after being diagnosed with acute leukaemia.
Stiliyan Petrov will begin treatment.
Wyoming fired head basketball coach Heath Schroyer on Monday, two days after the Cowboys lost at home to rival Colorado State University, the Cowboys' seventh consecutive loss and 15th of the season.
Wyoming fired Heath Schroyer.
European stock markets closed sharply higher yesterday, driven by very strong results for the banks and better-than-expected US data after disappointing growth figures last week, dealers said.
European stock markets closed sharply higher.
India Inc looks at Barack Obama with the hope that he will be able to end the global economic crisis, which has retarded the country's growth, pulled down markets, let loose a financial turmoil and caused anxiety among its workforce.
India Inc looks with the hope Barack Obama will be able to end the global economic crisis.
Our Representative Sujith Vithana Pathirana said that the troops captured an underground fuel storage facility of the LTTE during a search operation.
The troops captured an underground fuel storage facility.
Power cuts in the Western Cape are threatening 22 000 farming jobs.
Power cuts are threatening 22 000 farming jobs.
Congress General Secretary Digvijay Singh, responding to Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's comment that he was not taken seriously even by the Congress, today said that people make statement like this if they want to avoid replying to charges made against them.
People make if they want to avoid replying to charges.
Chicago Fire midfielder Cuauhtémoc Blanco was voted MLS Player of the Month for May after registering two goals and four assists in four matches.
Chicago Fire midfielder Cuauhtémoc Blanco was voted.
Several people were arrested in the Charlotte area Monday during an early morning federal drug roundup.
People were arrested during an early morning drug roundup.
Today Kratos Defense \u0026 Security Solutions announced that it has acquired selected assets of a critical infrastructure security and public safety system integration business from a large international public company.
Kratos Defense \u0026 Security Solutions has acquired assets of a critical infrastructure security and public safety system business.
Mercator Lines, the HK Mittal controlled shipping to mines major, will invest about INR 200 crore to INR 250 crore in developing a coal mine in the Batuah region of Kalimantan province in Indonesia as part of its strategy to increase its presence in the high margin mining industry.
Mercator Lines will invest in developing a coal mine in Indonesia.
In one of the most unusual hook-ups of Hollywood, rapper 50 Cent is reportedly dating comedienne Chelsea Handler.
Rapper 50 Cent is dating Chelsea Handler.
Construction spending rose unexpectedly in June to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of $965.7 billion, or 0.3 percent above the revised May estimate of $963.2 billion.
Construction spending rose in June.
Two people who led police on a car chase Sunday into Azusa are scheduled to be arraigned today, police said.
Two people who led police on a chase are scheduled to be arraigned.
Colorado is promising to adopt merit pay for teachers and dramatically expand its Teach for America corps as it tries to win $380 million in education reform funding.
Colorado is promising to adopt merit pay for teachers.
DINERS who ate at The Spice Room in Moreton last Thursday are being urged to contact police as they may be able to help with a robbery investigation.
DINERS are being urged to contact police.
Dennis Hopper has been diagnosed with prostate cancer.
Dennis Hopper has been diagnosed with cancer.
Sen. Rand Paul has co-sponsored a Balanced Budget Amendment proposal introduced by Senator Mike Lee.
Sen. Rand Paul has co-sponsored a Balanced Budget Amendment proposal.
Health care technology company InVivoLink has launched an iPad app, called ``OrthoPod,'' to allow orthopedic surgeons to access their personal implant registry and practice pattern data.
InVivoLink has launched an iPad app.
SUPERMARKET giant Sainsbury's is aiming to create 50,000 jobs by 2020, double the amount of British food it sells and massively increase fairly traded products under a Pounds 1bn sustainability plan launched today.
Sainsbury is aiming to create 50,000 jobs by 2020.
Lars Hedegaard, Islamic expert and president of the International Free Press Society, was found guilty of racism today by Denmark's Eastern High Court.
Lars Hedegaard was found guilty of racism.
Nashville Symphony has announced their November lineup of events, kicking off with Tchaikovsky's Violin Concerto SunTrust Classical Series.
Nashville Symphony has announced their November lineup of events.
He says he likes being member of a happy team than skipper of an unhappy one, and adds that England are ready to beat Australia in this summer's Ashes, which begins at Cardiff on July 8.
He likes being member of a happy team than skipper of an unhappy one.
The Dow closed above 13,000 for the first time since May 2008 on Tuesday while the TSX hit a five-month high, as buoyant US consumer confidence data and a sharp drop in oil prices nudged the nearly five-month rally forward.
The Dow closed above 13,000 for the first time since May 2008.
Avatar, James Cameron's 3-D adventure film, was nominated for nine Oscars, including best picture, as the Hollywood film community pitted the world's top-grossing picture against an expanded cast of lesser-knowns.
Avatar was nominated for nine Oscars.
Finnish charter airline Air Finland on Tuesday filed for bankruptcy and halted all flights, expressing ``deep regret'' over the move.
Finnish charter airline Air Finland filed for bankruptcy.
A callous son who tried to kill his badly-injured mother by turning off the central heating was jailed for more than 10 years today.
A son who tried to kill his mother by turning off the central heating was jailed for more than 10 years.
Pennsylvania lawmakers rallied support on Capitol Hill on Wednesday for three imperiled Philadelphia-area oil refineries.
Pennsylvania lawmakers rallied support for three refineries.
A great white shark tagged by NZ scientists has set a world record for the deepest known dive at 1200m.
A great white shark has set a world record.
An anti-war billboard drew controversey in Idaho on Saturday.
An anti-war billboard drew controversey.
Freddie Mac said on Friday said it will not issue a reference REMIC offering during the week of January 12.
Freddie Mac will not issue a REMIC.
Researchers found that weightlifting could cut your diabetes risk by up to a third.
Weightlifting could cut your diabetes risk.
Losses of the US military contingent in Iraq have reached 4,000 servicemen, a representative of the US military command in Baghdad said on Monday.
Losses of the US military contingent in Iraq have reached 4,000 servicemen.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger is ready to go into the new season with Lukasz Fabianski as his No1.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger is ready to go with Lukasz Fabianski as his No1.
And she said that your personality - and the connection between emotions and what and when you eat - could indeed be making you fat.
Your personality - could be making you fat.
Victory Records have announced that they have signed a deal with French progressive metalcore band As They Burn.
Victory Records have signed As They Burn.
Russell Investments will move its headquarters from downtown Tacoma to Seattle by the end of next year.
Russell Investments will move to Seattle.
Five couples from financially backward families tied the knot in a simple and elegant function held at Sai Gramam, Thonnakkal on Monday as part the 84th birthday celebration of Sri Sathya Sai Baba.
Five couples tied the knot.
The local government of Vigan City, a World Heritage City, received a ``seal of good housekeeping'' award from the Department of Interior and Local Goverment.
The government of Vigan City received a seal of good housekeeping award.
A Delaware County police officer was seriously injured in a crash early this morning.
A officer was seriously injured in a crash.
Admiral Mike Mullen, Chairman US Joints Chief Staff Thursday visited Jalozai camp in Nowshera, where he was given briefing over Malakand affectees repatriation and their rehabilitation.
Mike Mullen, visited Jalozai camp.
Residents of Tunapuna are set to benefit from a newly refurbished community centre to be formally commissioned by Minister of Community Development, the Honourable Winston 'Gypsy' Peters on Wednesday December 12, 2012 at 2:00 pm.
Residents of Tunapuna are set to benefit from a newly refurbished community centre.
Hartman Arena has dropped its proposal for the Kansas Coliseum, Sedgwick County officials announced today.
Hartman Arena has dropped its proposal for the Kansas Coliseum.
Film production company K Sera Sera is planning to raise up to $100 million to fund its expansion plans.
K Sera Sera is planning to raise up to $ 100 million.
A 6-year-old boy was killed at a monster truck show after a hunk of metal flew into the stands and hit him in the head.
A boy was killed at a truck show.
On Thursday, Polaroid Corp. became the latest entity owned by indicted businessman, Tom Petters, to announce that it was seeking protection from creditors by filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
Polaroid Corp. was seeking by filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
AP Apr 04, 2010 06:16:19 AM Sebastian Vettel led Mark Webber in a 1-2 finish for Red Bull at the Malaysian Grand Prix on Sunday.
Sebastian Vettel led Mark Webber in a 1 - 2 finish for Red Bull at the Grand Prix.
The Shanghai Composite Index continued to fall on Tuesday, hitting 1,888.68 by midday, down 3.8 percent from Tuesday opening amid continued market concern about curbed liquidity.
The Shanghai Composite Index continued to fall.
On average, 26 construction workers are seriously injured in Halton every year.
26 workers are injured in Halton every year.
When the going gets tough ... put on an exoskeleton!
When the going gets tough.
Toyota and Dentsu America have launched a microsite to support Toyota's ``Why Not?'' corporate advertising campaign.
Toyota have launched a microsite to support Toyota's Why Not? campaign.
Jagdish Malkani, Taib India said that, ``The market could face resistance around 5150.
The market could face resistance around 5150.
Eurozone recovery proves elusive there's no sign of a recovery from recession.
Eurozone recovery proves elusive.
Bellaire has made changes to solid waste pickup, following an extensive evaluation the city conducted in 2011 to ensure the cost of solid waste/recycling collection could be maintained at a reasonable level for all residents.
Bellaire has made changes to solid waste pickup.
NASCAR driver Kyle Busch, who was suspended from racing for the weekend after crashing into competitor Ron Hornaday Jr. during a caution period at Friday night's Camping World Truck Series race at Texas Motor Speedway, issued an apology on Saturday.
NASCAR driver Kyle Busch issued an apology.
Actor Jang Geun Suk recently paid a visit to the set of the drama ``Protect the Boss'' bearing chicken for the cast and crew.
Jang Geun Suk paid a visit to the set Protect the Boss.
President Obama on Friday ordered his administration to prepare the first fuel efficiency standards for big rigs and heavy trucks and to extend standards for cars and light trucks beyond 2016.
Obama ordered to prepare the first fuel efficiency standards for rigs and heavy trucks.
Communist Party of India Central Committee member EP Jayarajan has said that Congress leader K. Sudhakaran has no moral right to continue as an MP, alleging that the latter is facing charges in connection with an attempt to forcibly release 'goons' arrested by the police here on the polling day on April 16.
K. Sudhakaran has no moral right to continue as an MP.
The trade on Ukraine's interbank currency market on Tuesday opened with a slight rise in currency quotations - to UAH 8.0620-8.0830/USD 1 and UAH 11.0602-11.0925/EUR 1.
The trade on Ukraine's interbank market opened with a rise in currency quotations.
Canada condemns the terrible attack this morning on the US Embassy in Sanaa, Yemen.
Canada condemns the attack on the US Embassy in Sanaa, Yemen.
Government watchdogs from all over Africa will meet in South Africa's Mpumalanga Province in September to thrash out more effective ways to hold civil servants accountable.
Government watchdogs from over Africa will meet.
MEXICO CITY ― An official in the mayor's office of Mexican border city Reynosa has confirmed that a Mexican League baseball game was suspended after gunfire broke out around the stadium.
A Mexican League game was suspended after gunfire broke out.
MTV has canceled its romantic dramedy series ``I Just Want My Pants Back'' after one season.
MTV has canceled its series I Just Want My Pants Back.
In order to focus more on core business Continental intends to sell its fuel supply business unit.
Continental intends to sell its fuel supply business unit.
A nonprofit leader is facing federal felony charges accused of running a crime ring.
A nonprofit leader is facing charges accused of running a crime ring.
Slovak President Ivan Gašparovič and his spouse paid an official visit to the Republic of Lithuania on June 5-7, 2011.
Slovak President Ivan Gašparovič paid an official visit to the Republic of Lithuania.
ASTON Villa manager Alex McLeish last night revealed skipper Stiliyan Petrov was in ``amazing spirits'' on his first day of treatment after being diagnosed with acute leukaemia.
Skipper Stiliyan Petrov was.
Conservation officers are investigating an incident of a body found in a private pond in Noble County.
Conservation officers are investigating an incident of a body found in a pond.
Lil Wayne has launched a website from prison less than a month after he was jailed for gun crimes.
Lil Wayne has launched a website from prison less.
Mexico may bid for the 2026 World Cup, knowing it will face tough competition from the United States.
Mexico may bid for the 2026 World Cup.
A stamp paper crisis has hit the Raiganj court inconveniencing the common people who are visiting the court everyday for affidavits, agreements and different deeds but failing to have their work done due to non-availability of stamp papers of Rs 10 value.
A stamp paper crisis has hit the Raiganj court.
South African telecom giant MTN, which is in exclusive talks with Anil Ambani-led Reliance Communications for a possible alliance, today said its shareholders approved all resolutions at its AGM, including buyback of upto 10 per cent of the shares.
MTN today said its shareholders approved all resolutions at its AGM.
More children's medicines are being recalled because they were made at the same Johnson \u0026 Johnson plant where federal health authorities found poor quality standards.
More children's medicines are being recalled.
Malaysia will continue to welcome Vietnamese workers into the country in the future and will do its best to ensure their safety.
Malaysia will continue to welcome Vietnamese workers.
Gold futures fell for a second day on Tuesday, retreating from near a one-month high, as the US dollar gained on weak economic data and reduced the appeal of the precious metal as an alternative investment.
Gold futures fell for a second day as the dollar gained.
Troika Dialog investment house plans to set up a special 'distressed' asset fund to invest in Russian debt markets and help finance corporate share buybacks, it said Monday.
Troika Dialog house plans to set up a distressed asset fund.
DTE Energy Company has elected Mark A. Murray and Gerard M. Anderson to the company's board, effective April 30, 2009.
DTE Energy Company has elected Mark A. Murray and Gerard M. Anderson to the company's board.
A farm labourer ``mercilessly executed'' four people in return for pitifully small amounts of money, a jury heard today.
A farm labourer executed four people.
Real men cry and so do politicians.
Real men cry.
This afternoon, President-elect Obama will address the nation for the first time since he's acceptance speech Tuesday night.
Obama will address the nation.
France plans to raise taxes on funds transferred to tax havens and on dividends coming from these jurisdictions, to conform with a Group of 20 plan to crack down on countries that don't comply with global tax standards.
France plans to raise taxes on funds transferred to tax havens.
German business confidence took a tumble this month, according to data, putting back on the table speculation of a possible interest rate cut by the European Central Bank, analysts said.
German confidence took a tumble.
Joe Torre has visited new Yankee Stadium for the first time, embraced Brian Cashman and started to mend the relationship with his former general manager.
Joe Torre has visited new Yankee Stadium for the first time.
Prince Harry is to attend an Army equality training course after video footage showed him using offensive terms to describe fellow cadets at the Sandhurst military academy, the BBC reported on Thursday.
Prince Harry is to attend an equality training course.
OAKLAND, Calif. Police say a man was shot and killed during an early morning shooting while driving a car in East Oakland.
A man was shot and killed shooting while driving in East Oakland.
For the second year in a row, municipal aid to River Edge and Oradell has remained flat following this morning's release of state aid numbers by the Department of Community Affairs.
For the second year, municipal aid has remained flat.
Food Bank For New York City -- the city's major hunger-relief organization working to end food poverty throughout the five boroughs -- today announced the official launch of its highly anticipated new interactive virtual food drive fundraising tool that will allow donors to create a personalized Virtual Food Drive page and invite friends, family or coworkers to donate.
Food Bank For New York City today announced the launch of its interactive virtual drive fundraising tool.
The Washington Post Magazine, offered each Sunday from The Washington Post, will unveil a new look and new features for its readers beginning this weekend.
The Washington Post Magazine will unveil a new look and features for its readers.
North Korea is expanding a missile launch site in the country's northeast and has changed the shape of warheads to improve missile accuracy, a Seoul daily reported Tuesday.
North Korea is expanding a missile launch site.
Prices of pulses such as tur, urad, moong and yellow peas are expected to remain stable due to the adequate imports and expectation of good production in the coming rabi season.
Prices of pulses such as tur, urad, moong and yellow peas are expected to remain stable.
A 28-year-old man has been arrested in the shooting death of his father in Kaysville.
A man has been arrested in the shooting death of his father in Kaysville.
A 70-year-old Utah woman who drowned off a Kauai beach on Thursday has been identified.
A Utah woman who drowned off a Kauai beach has been identified.
The Jacksonville Jaguars vs. Denver Broncos betting odds were hovering between Denver -2 ½ and -3 after opening at -3.
The Jacksonville Jaguars vs. Denver Broncos betting odds were hovering.
The BBC is to roll out iPhones to journalists so they can be more productive in the field, in a move that is unlikely to please taxpayers.
The BBC is to roll out iPhones to journalists.
Five of seven studies show that chocolate holds some power to improve heart health, but doctors warn chocolate lovers shouldn't go overboard.
Chocolate holds some power to improve heart health.
Cincinnati Reds manager Dusty Baker on Wednesday was diagnosed with an irregular heartbeat and was expected to stay overnight in a Chicago hospital.
Dusty Baker was diagnosed with an irregular heartbeat.
The Libbey High School auction scheduled for Monday, Dec. 20 has been postponed.
The Libbey High School auction, has been postponed.
Reuters News Service, 30 March 2009 ) - Graphics chipmaker Nvidia counter-sued Intel for breach of contract on Thursday, alleging Intel made misleading statements designed to undermine Nvidia's licensing rights.
Nvidia counter-sued Intel.
A Randolph County man whose nine penned deer were killed by wildlife officers is due in court on a charge that his attorney says carries a $10 fine.
A Randolph County man whose nine deer were killed is due in court.
State corrections officials are investigating an incident that left four workers injured at the Stillwater prison.
That left four workers injured at the Stillwater prison.
Now you can follow your Facebook friends directly from Twitter, all thanks to the micro-blogging site's latest applications.
Now you can follow your Facebook friends from Twitter.
ID Systems, a US-based provider of wireless solutions for managing and securing enterprise assets, has said that American Eagle Airlines has selected ID Systems's AvRamp wireless vehicle management system to manage a fleet of aircraft ground support equipment at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport.
ID Systems has said American Eagle Airlines has selected ID Systems's AvRamp wireless vehicle management system.
Some travelers are complaining about airport pat downs that they say are getting too personal.
Some travelers are complaining about pat downs.
Sen. John McCain met with the Dalai Lama in Aspen, Col., Friday.
John McCain met with the Dalai Lama.
Celsius Holdings has unveiled that Celsius, the calorie burning beverage, will be available in October at more than 250 Duane Reade stores throughout metropolitan New York, New Jersey and Connecticut.
Celsius will be available at more than 250 Duane Reade stores throughout New York.
Hillary Rodham Clinton won the Florida Democratic primary on Tuesday night, an event that drew no campaigning by any of her presidential rivals and awarded no delegates to the winner.
Hillary Rodham Clinton won the Florida Democratic primary.
Asian stocks slid on Monday and the euro sank to a 10-year low against the yen, after the resignation of a top German European Central Bank board member cast further doubt on the region's ability to tackle its worsening sovereign debt crisis.
Asian stocks slid and the euro sank.
The Boone Hospital Center is building a new patient tower to further provide care for the community.
The Boone Hospital Center is building a new patient tower.
Google is launching its own domain name system, claiming that it can perform the task of connecting website names to the correct internet protocol addresses more effectively than the service providers which normally do the job.
Google is launching its domain name system.
At least 23 people were killed across Syria on Sunday as security forces raided protest hubs and clashed with armed rebels as a tenuous UN-backed ceasefire entered its second month.
At least 23 people were killed across Syria.
SIYAYA Arts will this year bid farewell to their fans in style, as they will host a series of shows across the country ahead of their European tour that begins in May.
SIYAYA Arts will this year bid farewell in style.
Three foreign troops were killed in Afghanistan on Sunday, including two who died when their helicopter crashed in the east, the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force said.
Three foreign troops were killed in Afghanistan.
Marc Lifsher of the Los Angeles Times reports, CalPERS suit accuses Lehman Bros. of fraud:
CalPERS suit accuses Lehman Bros. of fraud.
Spanish and Italian government bond yields remained at elevated levels early Tuesday as market participants continued to mull over the implications of the Spanish banking aid package.
Spanish and Italian bond yields remained at elevated levels.
Former England coach Kevin Keegan was banned from driving for six months Thursday after he was caught speeding.
Kevin Keegan was banned from driving for six months.
Vietnam veterans in Kansas are still waiting for the state to issue special license plates to honor them.
Vietnam veterans are still waiting to issue license plates.
While most Mini-ITX motherboards feature under-powered VIA CPUs, Intel has shown off a new Mini-ITX motherboard at CeBIT that will support Core 2 processors with a 1,333MHz FSB, and apparently even feature Intel's new DirectX 10 GMA 4500 graphics.
Intel has shown off a Mini-ITX motherboard.
Speaker of the Jatiya Sangsad Abdul Hamid Advocate on Saturday urged the voters to be conscious in electing competent public representatives so that they can play due role at home and abroad.
Speaker urged to be conscious in electing competent public representatives.
Electrovaya today announced that it has signed a revised term sheet agreement with Miljobil for electric car battery production in Norway whereby Electrovaya will be providing its critical enabling lithium ion Superpolymer ® battery technology.
Electrovaya has signed a agreement for electric car battery production in Norway.
Simon \u0026 Schuster saw profits grow 64% for the three months to the end of June, parent company CBS has revealed, with sales up 5%.
Simon \u0026 Schuster saw profits grow 64%.
Beck/Arnley has added two new automatic transmission fluids to its line of genuine OE quality fluids.
Beck / Arnley has added two new automatic transmission fluids.
Members of the Public Accounts Committee of Parliament, on Friday began a three-day induction workshop in Koforidua, aimed at enhancing their competences.
Members of the Public Accounts Committee of Parliament, began a workshop in Koforidua.
Japanese household spending edged up 0.3 percent in May from a year earlier, marking the first increase in 16 months, official figures showed yesterday.
Japanese household spending edged.
Police are investigating a fatal motor vehicle crash at Lake Tabourie on the state's south coast yesterday.
Police are investigating a fatal motor vehicle crash.
Merck, known as MSD outside the US and Canada, has received FDA approval for ZIOPTAN 0.0015%, the preservative-free prostaglandin analog ophthalmic solution.
Merck has received FDA approval for%, the prostaglandin analog ophthalmic solution.
A 23-year-old Tularosa woman pleaded no contest to harboring a felon in Otero County 12th Judicial District Court on Tuesday.
A Tularosa woman pleaded no contest to harboring a felon.
Property prices in India which have been on the decline for several months on account of the credit crunch, are set to rise, according to Mr RR Nair, Director and Chief Executive, LIC Housing Finance Ltd.
Property prices, are set to rise.
Microsoft is updating its SkyDrive cloud-based storage service, providing a zippier experience by using HTML5 technology as well as hardware acceleration.
Microsoft is updating its SkyDrive storage service.
Daniel Craig-starrer `The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo` will not be released in India after the Censor Board of Film Certification wanted certain explicit scenes to be blurred.
Craig-starrer The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo will not be released in India.
Eckstein wins seventh ironman title Updated: 18:36, Sunday February 24, 2013 Shannon Eckstein reinforced his status as one of surf lifesaving's greatest athletes when he delivered an expected seventh national ironman title at Noosa on Sunday.
Eckstein wins seventh ironman title.
The Pension Protection Fund has released a tender asking for a managed services contract, including desktop and server support, Software-as-a-Service and G-Cloud services, among others.
The Pension Protection Fund has released a tender asking for a managed services contract.
A Seabrook woman was carjacked while stuck in traffic in Kemah Thursday night, Citizen news partner ABC13 reports.
A Seabrook woman was carjacked in Kemah.
Ministry of Road Transport and Highways will train 5,000 heavy vehicle drivers through a refresher course to minimise accidents.
Ministry of Road Transport and Highways will train 5,000 heavy vehicle drivers.
Bulgarian parliament is to hold an extraordinary sitting on Wednesday, March 12.
Bulgarian parliament is to hold an extraordinary sitting.
American Airlines has cancelled more than 20 flights at Lambert St. Louis International Airport today, according to the airport's website.
American Airlines has cancelled more than 20 flights.
Belgium says 31 detained in $50M diamond heist Authorities claimed a major breakthrough on Wednesday in their investigation of a spectacular $50 million diamond heist, detaining at least 31 people in a three-nation sweep some three months after robbers pulled off the theft with clockwork precision at Brussels Airport A Frenchman who is believed to have been one of the actual robbers at the airport was arrested in France, while six to eight people were detained in Geneva, and 24 in and around Brussels.
Belgium says 31 detained in $ 50M diamond heist Authorities.
Rubber bullets were fired at Customs House in the Cape Town CBD on Tuesday 28 May 2012.
Rubber bullets were fired at Customs House.
A statement by the Central Bank reads: ``Last week the government reached an agreement with the delegation of the International Monetary Fund. That agreement, which will be submitted to the fund's executive committee for confirmation in the next few days, includes, among other things, that the Central Bank raises its policy rate to 18 percent.''
The Central Bank raises its policy rate.
Former model Tyra Banks has shockingly fired her long-standing panel of experts from her show America's Next Top Model, including fashion photographer Nigel Barker, runway expert J. Alexander and creative director Jay Manuel.
Tyra Banks has fired from her show America's Next Top Model, including Nigel Barker, J. Alexander and Jay Manuel.
Yesterday's Antique Mall, long considered an ``anchor'' on Lake Avenue, is closing its doors this month.
Yesterday's Antique Mall is closing this month.
Coupon use is on the rise after 16 years in decline, coupon processor CMS said.
Coupon use is on the rise after 16 years in decline.
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner pushed back against the notion that President Obama had not shown leadership with his budget, asserting that the White House had unveiled a broad fiscal plan.
Timothy Geithner pushed back.
State Sen. Rob Marionneaux is facing ethics charges related to his involvement in a legal dispute between LSU and Bernhard Mechanical Contractors over a performance-based energy contract.
State Sen. Rob Marionneaux is facing ethics charges.
Melbourne Victory says it will have a new A-League coach within the next 48 hours, but he will only be guaranteed a job until the end of this season.
Melbourne Victory will have a new coach within the 48 hours.
The Bank of Israel held its key short-term borrowing rate at 1.25 percent on Monday, as two straight monthly rate increases have helped to halt a rise in inflation expectations.
The Bank of Israel held its key rate at 1.25 percent.
Montreal Canadiens forward Maxim Lapierre has been suspended four games for a late hit on San Jose Sharks forward Scott Nichol.
Montreal Canadiens Maxim Lapierre has been suspended four games for a late hit.
The Dow Jones industrial average plunged 353 points, or 2.3 percent, to 14,758 points Thursday.
The Dow Jones industrial average plunged 353 points.
Sprint says it's reached a deal to buy US Cellular markets in the Midwest for $480 million to boost its network capacity as it upgrades its network.
Sprint's reached a deal to buy US Cellular markets.
About 50 homeowners in the county will get a break on their property taxes after they appealed rising tax valuations in the wake of the recent decline in the real estate market.
About 50 homeowners will get a break on their property taxes.
Cities throughout the Imperial Valley will be celebrating National Day of Prayer on Thursday and are inviting all community members to join in on the food and celebration.
Cities throughout the Imperial Valley will be celebrating National Day of Prayer on Thursday.
WOMEN should demand nannies and housekeepers as part of their salary package to keep their careers on track, Ita Buttrose says.
WOMEN should demand nannies as part of their salary package.
Family Guy creator Seth MacFarlane will host the 85th Oscars ceremony in February, the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences, which produces the Oscars, said yesterday.
Seth MacFarlane will host the 85th Oscars ceremony.
Srinagar , July 31 Agricultural technocrats working as\u0026aposRehbar-e-Ziraat' today withdrew their week-long strike following an assurance from Chief Minister Omar Abdullah that a pragmatic and feasible solution to the issue of their regularization is being worked out.
Agricultural technocrats withdrew their strike.
Young Slovakian cyclist Peter Sagan won the sixth stage of the Tour of Spain on Thursday in a lightning attack by his Liquigas team at the end of a 193km ride from Ubeda to Cordoba.
Peter Sagan won the stage of the Tour of Spain.
``I think that I'm pretty powerful, I guess,'' he said.
I 'm pretty powerful.
Provinces and territories will likely have to expand home care as a way to deal with the demographic deluge of aging Canadians, two premiers said Friday during a gathering of provincial health ministers.
Provinces and territories will have to expand home care.
Natural gas futures gained in New York, rebounding from a 13-month low, as revised forecasts showed colder-than-normal weather in the US that would boost demand for the heating fuel.
Natural gas futures gained in New York.
A Brooke County boy was airlifted after he fell over a retaining wall late Sunday afternoon and suffered serious head injuries.
A Brooke County boy was airlifted after he fell over a retaining wall.
Cordy Glenn has won the left tackle job, a critical assignment as quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick's blindside protector, and Vince Young has taken a big lead in the race to win the No. 2 quarterback gig.
Cordy Glenn has won the left tackle job.
Silver Spoon, part of Associated British Foods, and Cargill, have on January 26 announced an exclusive strategic partnership for UK distribution and marketing of Truvia branded tabletop, the first stevia-based, zero calorie sweetener.
Silver Spoon and Cargill, have announced an exclusive partnership.
Digicel, the largest mobile operator in the Caribbean and recent entrant to Central America, today announced details of its three-year sponsorship of the Digicel Caribbean Cup New York.
Digicel today announced details of its sponsorship of the Digicel Caribbean Cup New York.
The Islamist group Al Qaeda has claimed responsibility for Flight 253 PETN bomb attempt carried out on Christmas Day by a Nigerian terror suspect Umar Farouk Abdul Mutallab in a statement released on the organization's website.
The group Al Qaeda has claimed responsibility for Flight 253 PETN bomb attempt.
Per Kevin Acee of the San Diego Union-Tribune, Gates has an ankle injury and it ``doesn't look good.''
Gates has an ankle injury.
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi announced on Wednesday that he plans to visit Colombia to meet the country's President, Alvaro Uribe.
Silvio Berlusconi announced he plans to visit Colombia.
London, Dec 8 Boys are hitting puberty an average year earlier than their fathers' generation, a study says.
Boys are hitting puberty an year earlier.
After 52 years on the Fraser River, the Albion Ferry made its final voyage Friday afternoon.
The Albion Ferry made its final voyage.
Solange Knowles loves beer Updated: 13:28, Friday November 30, 2012 Beyonce Knowles' younger sister Solange says she prefers beer to fancy cocktails.
Solange Knowles loves beer Updated.
Manchester United defender Rafael is aiming to make history by clinching Brazil's first ever men's football gold medal at the Olympic Games.
Rafael is aiming to make history by clinching Brazil's men's gold medal.
Rights campaigners in Bishkek say a Tajik human rights activist was not allowed to enter Kyrgyzstan today, RFE/RL's Kyrgyz Service reports.
A Tajik human rights activist was not allowed to enter Kyrgyzstan.
Republican presidential hopeful John McCain reached out to his party's conservative base on Saturday and cast himself as the only candidate who could beat the Democrats to the White House in November.
John McCain reached out to his party's conservative base.
A prolific serial rapist pleaded guilty in Denver Friday to multiple counts of sexual assault.
A serial rapist pleaded guilty in Denver.
In a light turnout, St. Landry Parish voters approved the renewal of a parish-wide jail tax to pay for operating expenses for the St. Landry Parish jail, a fire protection levy for Fire District 3 and a gravity drainage tax for Ward 3.
Voters approved the renewal of a jail tax.
After announcing her pregnancy just a few short weeks ago, American Idol alum Fantasia Barrino has been ordered to bed rest and forced to cancel a scheduled performance at the Bronner Brothers International Hair Show.
Fantasia Barrino has been ordered to bed rest and forced to cancel a performance.
Little League Baseball will use instant replay at this year's World Series to review questionable home runs and other close plays at the outfield fence, beating the major leagues in instituting a system to review some disputed calls.
Little League Baseball will use replay.
An Edmonton doctor has served a suspension for having sex with a patient, and must now restrict his practice to males only.
An doctor has served a suspension for having sex with a patient.
Kazakhstan has decided to pull its troops out of Iraq after five years of fighting alongside the US army, the Central Asian state's Defence Ministry said Tuesday, reported dpa.
Kazakhstan has decided to pull its troops out of Iraq.
Adam LaRoche had surgery on his left shoulder this morning at Washington Hospital Center, the Nationals announced.
Adam LaRoche had surgery on his shoulder.
A shortage of grit in severe winter weather could leave Cambridge city centre cut off.
A shortage of grit could leave city centre cut.
Early Sunday morning Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels confirmed he will not run for president.
Mitch Daniels confirmed he will not run for president.
A Tweed fuels technician pleaded guilty before the Ontario Court of Justice to knowingly installing a gas appliance without proper accreditation earlier this year.
A Tweed fuels technician pleaded guilty.
Park Geun-hye announces her presidential bid in Time Square in Yeongdeungpo, Seoul on Tuesday.
Park Geun-hye announces her presidential bid.
Pellicano and attorney Terry Christensen were each convicted of conspiracy to commit wiretapping.
Pellicano were each convicted of conspiracy.
President Pervez Musharraf and Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani strongly condemning the manhandling of former Federal Minister Sher Afgan Niazi and former Chief Minister Sindh Arbab Ghulam Rahim have vowed that the democracy process in the country would not be allowed to be derailed at any cost.
The democracy process would not be allowed to be derailed.
HBO has renewed ``Boardwalk Empire'' for a fourth season.
HBO has renewed Boardwalk Empire.
Anti-apartheid hero Nelson Mandela hailed Barack Obama as a ``new voice of hope'' for the world on Tuesday and compared his inauguration as US President to South Africa's historic transition to democracy.
Nelson Mandela hailed Barack Obama as a new voice of hope.
A woman is accused of stealing $141,000 from her employer, a local defense attorney, over a two-year period.
A woman is accused of stealing $ 141,000.
The Royals called up first baseman Eric Hosmer and he is expected to start tomorrow.
The Royals called up Eric Hosmer.
Google has launched a hosted, 'big data' analytics service that lets businesses analyse large data sets in the cloud.
Google has launched a, ' big data ' analytics service.
The funeral of Farington teenager Harry Davies, who died in Australia, will take place tomorrow.
The funeral of Harry Davies will take place tomorrow.
India has the ``political space'' to allow more foreign investments in insurance, pensions and banking after the government won a confidence vote in parliament this week, Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram said.
India has the space to allow more foreign investments.
Ryanair confirmed this morning that it will comply with EU261 regulations under which EU airlines are required to reimburse the reasonable receipted expenses of disrupted passengers.
Ryanair will comply with EU261 regulations.
Two Tampa police officers killed: $30,000 reward offered for Dontae Rashawn Morris, live video, chat Tuesday, June 29th, 2010 Two Tampa...
Two Tampa police officers killed.
A Paris Saint-Germain soccer fan has died after spending weeks in a coma following an attack by rival PSG supporters, the latest incident of violence associated with the French club.
A Paris Saint-Germain fan has died after spending weeks in a coma following an attack by rival PSG supporters.
He said: ''I've had tinnitus for about 10 years, but since I started protecting my ears it hasn't got any worse - touch wood.
He said : I 've had tinnitus.
A major winter storm is expected to develop over Texas tonight, and intensify rapidly as it moves northeast into the Ohio Valley Tuesday night and Wednesday.
A major winter storm is expected to develop over Texas.
A recent study has suggested that a business website that does not have communication tools such as ``contact information or real-time dialog'' can drive visitors to a competitor's site.
A study has suggested a business website that does not have communication tools can drive visitors to a competitor's site.
CARACAS, Venezuela Former major leaguer Oscar Azocar, a free-swinging outfielder when he debuted for the New York Yankees in 1990, died Monday.
Oscar Azocar, a outfielder, died.
Up for sale jeweller Aurum's EBITDA soared in its last financial year as its sale process ``remains on track''.
Aurum's EBITDA soared as its sale process remains on track.
A federal judge has barred New York City from hiring new firefighters after criticizing its handling of a discrimination lawsuit against the fire department.
A judge has barred New York City from hiring firefighters.
Two accidents that happened within minutes of each other caused trouble in the north end of town early afternoon Friday.
Two accidents caused trouble in the north end.
Poland striker Arkadiusz Milik has joined Bayer Leverkusen on a long term contract, with the youngster set to join the Bundesliga club early in January.
Arkadiusz Milik has joined Bayer Leverkusen.
Body of US lottery winner exhumed Updated: 10:09, Saturday January 19, 2013 The body of an Indian-born US man who was poisoned with cyanide after winning the lottery was exhumed on Friday for an autopsy that authorities hope will help solve the mystery surrounding his death.
Body of US lottery winner exhumed.
However, statistics were heavily stacked against Montsho, observes Staff Writer, MQONDISI DUBE
Statistics were stacked against Montsho.
Ford Motor Co. says it will add more than 7,000 workers in the US over the next two years, including 750 engineers with expertise in batteries and other advanced technology.
Ford Motor Co. will add more than 7,000 workers in the US.
Russia and the United States on Thursday agreed to conduct joint stress tests at nuclear plants in both countries due to the ongoing nuclear crisis in Japan, General Director of Rosatom Sergei Kiriyenko said.
Russia and the United States agreed to conduct joint stress tests at nuclear plants, said.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested in a Nottingham shopping centre on suspicion of murder after a body was found in the city centre.
A man has been arrested in a Nottingham shopping centre after a body was found.
Former President Bill Clinton will be in Owensboro on Wednesday to attend a fundraiser for the Wendell H. Ford Government Education Center.
Former President Bill Clinton will be in Owensboro on Wednesday.
Austrian authorities said Josef Fritzl would remain under a suicide watch after he was convicted of homicide and other charges on Thursday, and sentenced to life in a psychiatric ward for imprisoning his daughter for 24 years, fathering her seven children and letting his infant son die a captive.
Josef Fritzl would remain, and sentenced to life in a psychiatric ward.
Andhra Bank announced that it has migrated 527 branches to Core Banking Solution, that account for 34% of the bank`s total business, reports Economic Times.
Andhra Bank has migrated 527 branches to Core Banking Solution.
The GBPUSD has rebounded off the days lows at the 1.6123 level.
The GBPUSD has rebounded off the lows.
Adelaide Brighton expects a 1-2 year decline in Australian construction activity of between 10 and 20 percent, based on previous recessionary cycles.
Adelaide Brighton expects a decline.
US video game retail giant GameStop is set to acquire Kongregate, the popular social gaming service.
GameStop is set to acquire Kongregate.
The Titans got one tight end back on the practice field on Thursday, while another remained on the sideline.
The Titans got one tight end back on the field.
In an interview with the New Times Broward-Palm Beach, Nugent said that on important issues, ``Obama represents everything bad about humanity and Romney pretty much all that is good. It is really that stark.''
Nugent said, Obama represents everything bad about humanity.
Second District Congresswoman Shelley Moore Capito says she will not run for US Senate this year.
Shelley Moore Capito will not run for US Senate.
Reggaeton artist Daddy Yankee endorsed Republican presidential hopeful John McCain on Monday, citing the senator's support of Hispanics and his immigration efforts.
Reggaeton artist Daddy Yankee endorsed John McCain.
A second teacher has been pulled from a classroom at a Los Angeles school where a teacher this week was charged with taking bondage-style photos of children for sexual thrills.
A second teacher has been pulled at a school.
British singer Robbie Williams poked fun at his former Take That bandmate Mark Owen on stage while performing in London.
Robbie Williams poked fun Take That bandmate Mark Owen on stage.
The state unemployment rate rose to 3.6 percent last month, the highest rate since December 2005, according to the Montana Department of Labor and Industry.
The state unemployment rate rose.
Former Venezuelan President Carlos Andres Perez, who nationalised the oil industry, survived a coup attempt by future leader Hugo Chavez, and was later driven out of office on corruption charges, has died in Miami, his daughter told local media.
President Carlos Andres Perez survived has died in Miami.
A Veedersburg man was killed in a grain bin accident on the morning of June 19 morning at a grain elevator in Stone Bluff.
A Veedersburg man was killed in a grain bin accident.
Altogether 74,917 job opportunities have been created in different sectors of the economy till July, said HE Sheikh Abdullah bin Nasser bin Abdullah al Bakri, Minister of Manpower on Monday.
Altogether 74,917 job opportunities have been created till July.
Four more cars were torched in west Contra Costa County over the weekend, bringing to at least 14 the number of vehicles that have been set on fire since Wednesday, authorities said.
Four more cars were torched in west Contra Costa County.
Apple on Tuesday released iTunes 9.1.1, a fix-filled...
Apple released iTunes 9.1.1.
A hog torch caused a van fire Tuesday resulting in a loss estimate of $7,000, Racine firefighters said.
A hog torch caused a van fire.
Orlando Pirates have lost out on the signature of Mabhuti Khenyeza, who has signed a pre-contract with SuperSport United.
Mabhuti Khenyeza has signed with SuperSport United.
Spanish police arrested a 66-year-old man on Friday who reappeared after 30 years and presumably killed his wife's current husband.
Police arrested a man who reappeared after 30 years killed his wife's current husband.
A top advisor to President Barack Obama has said that the fragile US economy needed ``more medicine,'' stepping up a campaign for the extension of payroll tax cuts by a fractious Congress.
The US economy needed more medicine.
Recent reports have been claiming that Porsche is already at work on a Panamera convertible.
Porsche is at work on a Panamera convertible.
Two persons were killed and five injured when a private bus rammed a tea shop at Karimugal junction early in the morning on Friday.
Two persons were killed and five injured a bus rammed a tea shop.
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger urged gay marriage supporters in a CNN interview on Sunday to ``never give up'' on the fight for marriage equality.
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger urged gay marriage supporters to never give up.
Daniel Albrecht of Switzerland won a World Cup giant slalom race ahead of Croatia's Ivica Kostelic to overtake the lead in the discipline standings Sunday.
Daniel Albrecht won a World Cup giant slalom race.
Chad Costello of the Colorado Eagles tied the ECHL single-game record with three shorthanded goals last night in a 5-3 win against Las Vegas.
Chad Costello tied the ECHL record with three shorthanded goals.
Changes to our prison laws are being slammed by opposition parties as breaches of human rights.
Changes to our prison laws are being slammed.
North Queensland backrower Jacob Lillyman will fight his dangerous throw charge at the NRL judiciary tomorrow night.
Jacob Lillyman will fight his charge at the NRL judiciary.
Snoop Dogg was busted at a border crossing in Texas after border agents found several marijuana cigarettes on his tour bus.
Snoop Dogg was busted after agents found marijuana cigarettes.
The statewide private burn ban brought on by dry conditions in October was lifted today.
The statewide burn ban was lifted.
A 25-year-old Somali immigrant pleaded guilty in San Diego federal court Thursday to sending money to help a terrorist group in her native land.
A Somali immigrant pleaded guilty to sending money to help a terrorist group.
Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit on Friday pitched for modernising Delhi police and creating awareness among residents to address the growing feeling of insecurity among women in the national capital.
Sheila Dikshit pitched for modernising Delhi police.
A 49-year-old Sheboygan man accused of punching a woman in the face was charged Monday with felony battery.
A Sheboygan man accused of punching a woman in the face was charged.
North Korea fully reopened its border Tuesday to South Koreans commuting to jobs at factories in a northern economic zone after four days of restrictions, South Korean officials said.
North Korea reopened its border.
President Obama will visit CIA headquarters in Langley, Va., later this week to thank the intelligence community for its work in helping to find terrorist leader Osama bin Laden, White House Press Secretary Jay Carney announced on Wednesday.
Obama will visit CIA headquarters to thank the intelligence community in helping to find Osama bin Laden.
Iran will close the Strait of Hormuz, through which the bulk of Middle East oil is shipped, if the country is attacked, state-run Fars news agency reported, citing a military commander.
Iran will close the Strait of Hormuz if the country is attacked, Fars agency reported.
Coleen Rooney has given birth to a baby boy who she and husband Wayne have named Klay Anthony.
Coleen Rooney has given birth.
An Ames woman has been charged with filing a false report claiming she was abducted and sexually assaulted.
An Ames woman has been charged with filing a false report.
VISITORS to many licensed Irish zoos are in danger of being attacked by a variety of the animals and birds on show and are exposed to infections such as salmonella and bird flu.
VISITORS to Irish zoos are in danger of being attacked by a variety of the animals and birds.
The women's reservation bill holds many unrealized promises for the political empowerment of women, Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar said here Saturday.
The women's bill holds many unrealized promises.
Winneconne police are investigating the death of a 61-year-old local man found slumped over a boat on the Wolf River.
Winneconne police are investigating the death of a man.
And you thought men do all the ``goofing around'' when the topic of long-term relationships arises -- a new shocking UK poll has found that women are more likely to cheat on their partners than men.
Women are more likely to cheat on their partners than men.
LOCAL diary farmer Raman Prasad who has been operating his dairy farm out of Naikabula just outside Lautoka along the King's Highway, says milk supply always depended on the demand from customers.
Supply depended on the demand.
UK output price inflation slowed to 3.3 percent in April from an upwardly revised 3.7 percent in March, the Office for National Statistics showed Friday.
UK output price inflation slowed in April.
The Very Rev Vivienne Faull, the Dean of Leicester, is to be the next Dean of York, it has been announced by Downing Street.
The Very Rev Vivienne Faull, the Dean of Leicester, is to be the next Dean of York.
Karvy Stock Broking has upgraded Torrent Pharma to Buy with a price target of Rs 700 as against the current market price of Rs 587 in its report dated June 28, 2012.
Karvy Stock Broking has upgraded Torrent Pharma to Buy.
Actor Michelle Yeoh may have starred in Hollywood hits like Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and the bond film, Tomorrow Never Dies, but she says that she grew up watching Bollywood films.
Michelle Yeoh grew up watching Bollywood films.
An inmate at the Big Sandy Federal Penitentiary is indicted on charges he mailed letters to federal officials saying there was anthrax inside.
An inmate is indicted.
A former Obama administration official says al Qaida leader Osama bin Laden wanted to see President Barack Obama and Gen. David Petraeus assassinated.
Osama bin Laden wanted to see President Barack Obama assassinated.
Ulster County duo held in Lloyd gas station robbery Two Ulster County men were charged in the Sunday holdup at a Town of Lloyd gas station after taking hundreds of dollars, police said.
Ulster County duo held in Lloyd gas station robbery.
Jennifer Aniston looked hot in white Burberry at the AFI Gala honouring Shirley MacLaine in LA.
Jennifer Aniston looked hot in white Burberry honouring Shirley MacLaine.
The Dow Jones industrial average tumbled another 200 points today on record-high oil prices and a bleak economic assessment from the Federal Reserve.
The industrial average tumbled another 200 points.
Four of the recently created districts in Ashanti region will benefit from 100 mechanized bore holes this year for enhanced access to portable water under the Extended Programme of the fourth phase of the rural water supply project.
Four of the districts in Ashanti region will benefit from 100 mechanized bore holes.
BlackRock , the world's largest money manager, sees investors shifting their investments away from bonds to equities this year, a senior executive told Reuters on Thursday.
BlackRock sees investors shifting to equities.
Portsmouth owner Alexandre Gaydamak has decided to sell the Premier League club and has already rejected two offers, the Sunday Mirror reported.
Portsmouth owner Alexandre Gaydamak has decided to sell.
China Development Bank is setting up operations in Hong Kong as part of overall plans by the government to attract more foreign investment into the Chinese bond market by boosting the use of its currency -- the yuan -- in the international arena.
China Development Bank is setting up operations in Hong Kong.
Maytas Infra, promoted by the family of former Satyam Computer Services chairman B Ramalinga Raju, is expected to implement its corporate debt restructuring plan over the next two months and is in talks with SBI Capital markets to implement it.
Maytas Infra is expected to implement its corporate debt restructuring plan over the two months.
The Yahoo! Big Idea Chair Award has received 183 entries from across agencies in three categories in the digital advertising space.
The Yahoo! Big Idea Chair Award has received 183 entries in three categories.
The Dubai Mercantile Exchange Limited announced that JP Morgan has taken an equity stake in the Exchange joining a number of other leading global financial institutions and energy trading firms.
JP Morgan has taken an equity stake in the Exchange.
Two big rigs collide on Interstate 80 causing a two hour back up around the Crystal Springs area.
Two big rigs collide on Interstate 80.
An Ossett student was left for dead by the hit and run driver who carried her for 20m on the bonnet of a car.
An Ossett student was left for dead by the hit and run driver.
A Rahat resident has been arrested on suspicion of killing his sister, according to a report on Israel Radio Wednesday.
A Rahat resident has been arrested on suspicion of killing his sister.
Indian commodity exchanges will start sugar futures from Monday, the regulator said, initially launching six contracts as the country revives exports and the government looks for ways to moderate food price inflation.
Indian exchanges will start sugar futures from Monday.
Ferrari and all other teams from the Formula One Teams Association on Friday submitted conditional entries for the 2010 Formula One championships.
Ferrari and all teams submitted entries for the 2010 Formula One championships.
Chancellor George Osborne may delay any more fuel cost rises when he delivers his autumn statement on Tuesday as drivers brace themselves for a petrol rise in the new year.
George Osborne may delay any fuel cost rises.
One in seven patients wait longer than six months to be admitted to hospital for operations, as critics warned that the Coalition is losing control of NHS waiting times.
One in seven patients wait longer than six months to be admitted to hospital for operations.
Two more new private airlines are emerging in Myanmar to add to both domestic and international flights, local media reported Thursday.
Two more new private airlines are emerging in Myanmar.
Local school officials approve more changes as they continue to battle with budget cuts.
School officials approve more changes.
Palm Beach County's inspector general has launched a wide-ranging audit of a multi-city police radio system, after disputes among city officials and technical advisers over whether the radios will put officers' lives in jeopardy.
Palm Beach County's inspector general has launched a audit of a multi-city police radio system.
George Michael has been released from prison today, after serving a month of his eight-week sentence.
George Michael has been released from prison.
Rapper Kanye West has offered another apology to Taylor Swift for ruining her acceptance speech at last year's MTV Video Music Awards - he's written a song especially for her.
Kanye West's written a song especially for Taylor Swift.
A propane tanker is no longer stuck on a wooden bridge over a canal along the east side of State Road 441, south of Lake Worth Road.
A propane tanker is stuck on a wooden bridge over a canal along the side of State Road 441, south of Lake Worth Road.
The victim of a deadly shooting in west Louisville has been identified by the Jefferson County Coroner.
The victim of a deadly shooting has been identified.
Even as the Union Cabinet on Thursday recommended revocation of governor's rule in Jharkhand clearing the decks for government formation in the state, BJP leader Arjun Munda still has some anxious moments before he takes oath as President Pratibha Patil had to leave the country for her 10-day foreign visit without signing on the dotted line.
Arjun Munda has some anxious moments before he takes oath.
Jeffco Public Schools, the largest district in Colorado, has selected LoudCloud Systems to provide an instructional improvement system to help collect and analyze data to improve teacher-student engagement.
Jeffco Public Schools has selected LoudCloud Systems to provide an instructional improvement system.
LA County Supervisor Don Knabe hit the campaign trail Thursday, speaking to supporters in the Hacienda Heights backyard of Charles and Martha House.
Don Knabe hit the campaign trail.
Kroger workers voted to accept a new contract offered by the grocery store chain on Sunday, according to a news release.
Kroger workers voted to accept a contract offered.
Colombian hydrocarbons regulator ANH is expecting to license around 40-50 blocks in the upcoming 2010 open round for new E\u0026P blocks across the country...
ANH is expecting to license around 40 - 50 blocks in the 2010 open round.
Eastman Kodak Co. said today that it will stop making digital cameras, pocket video cameras and digital picture frames, marking the end of an era for the company that brought photography to the masses more than a century ago.
Eastman Kodak Co. will stop making digital cameras.
This is a look into the future, where Zlatan the gaffer is giving a halftime team talk to his squad after falling behind 3-0.
Zlatan the gaffer is giving a halftime team talk.
Mahindra \u0026 Mahindra , India's largest utility vehicles maker, is facing engine capacity constraints for some vehicles, its automotive president said on Tuesday.
Mahindra \u0026 Mahindra is facing engine capacity constraints.
David Cameron set out the Government's strategy for economic growth today with a promise to ''transform our economy'' and make the coming decade the most entrepreneurial and dynamic in Britain's history.
David Cameron set out with a promise transform our economy.
Customs department in the south-west Namibe province, in co-ordination with Santa Clara custom delegation will hold on Tuesday the second auction of goods in the southern Cunene province.
Customs department, will hold the auction of goods in the Cunene province.
Google appears to be testing yet another redesign of its search engine, incorporating a new stylish colour scheme but also moving website links to a new position, underneath the title.
Google appears to be testing another redesign.
Sherlyn Chopra was evicted out of the Bigg Boss house on Saturday.
Sherlyn Chopra was evicted out of the Bigg Boss house.
Social activist Anna Hazare on Wednesday said that he will re-launch his agitation in Delhi if the government fails to bring a strong Lokpal law before 2014 and he will then focus on getting 'Right to Reject' for the people.
He will re-launch his agitation in Delhi.
Writer Albanians on Sunday started voting in parliamentary elections seen as a key test of the country's political maturity as it eyes European Union membership.
Albanians started voting in parliamentary elections.
Former skipper Imran Khan should take over Pakistan cricket team to save it from the crisis arising out of the 'spot-fixing' scandal, India's World Cup-winning captain Kapil Dev said.
Imran Khan should take over cricket team.
SENATOR Edward Kennedy, patriarch of a Democratic political dynasty, is to return home after surgery for brain cancer, his office said today.
SENATOR Edward Kennedy is to return home after surgery.
- Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Sen. John McCain on early Thursday morning visited the Basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe before meeting with Mexican President Felipe Calderon at the end of his three-day Latin America visit aimed at promoting free trade.
Nominee John McCain visited the Basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe.
Recent press reports of a strain in her relationship with her 'Rendition' co-star Jake Gyllenhaal notwithstanding, Reese Witherspoon says Jake is ``very supportive.''
Reese Witherspoon says Jake is very supportive.
Berlin, Nov 27 German inflation dropped sharply in November to 1.5 percent, the country's statistics office said Wednesday, as falling oil prices and a slowdown in economic growth helped to ease inflationary pressures in Europe's biggest economy.
Berlin, German inflation dropped sharply in November.
Selangor wrestled the Super League top spot with a slim 1-0 win over Perak in a top of the table clash at the Shah Alam Stadium here Saturday night.
Selangor wrestled the top spot with a win over Perak.
Jammu, Apr 5 West Pakistani refugees seeking citizenship today clashed with police in the city after being prevented from marching to the state Assembly, leaving 12 of them injured.
Pakistani refugees clashed with police, leaving 12 injured.
Namibians are preparing to go to the polls on Friday and Saturday for presidential and parliamentary elections.
Namibians are preparing to go for elections.
Former Diff'rent Strokes star Gary Coleman has been cremated in private in Utah, nearly three weeks after he died of a brain haemorrhage.
Gary Coleman has been cremated in private.
After visiting Jaipur blast victims, Union Home Minister Shivraj Patil today said that India will fight against terror at all costs and thwart the designs of terrorists to disturb peace and communal harmony in the country.
India will fight against terror.
Detroit Lions rookie running back Mikel Leshoure suffered a torn Achilles tendon at practice Monday morning and will be sidelined the rest of the season, according to coach Jim Schwartz.
Detroit Lions rookie running back Mikel Leshoure suffered a torn Achilles tendon and will be sidelined the rest of the season.
Cuban President Raul Castro shuffled the top levels of the Cuban government on Monday, ousting such some of the country's best known leaders, including foreign minister Felipe Perez Roque and Carlos Lage, a vice president who many considered an economic reformer.
Raul Castro shuffled the levels of the Cuban government.
AARNet is moving to set up an IPv6 project group to ensure that member institutions are able to make use of IPv6 services, and to generally promote awareness and uptake of IPv6 in the AARNet community.
AARNet is moving to set up an IPv6 project group.
The Coca-Cola Co. said it was dropping its membership in a conservative national advocacy group that supports ``Stand Your Ground'' laws like the one being used as a defense in the Florida killing of an unarmed black teenager.
The Coca-Cola Co. was dropping its membership in a conservative advocacy group.
Three foreign troops were killed in Afghanistan Sunday, including two who died when their helicopter crashed in the east, the Nato-led International Security Assistance Force said.
Three foreign troops were killed in Afghanistan Sunday.
A man was robbed at gunpoint at an apartment building in the 2200 block of Lake Victoria Drive Monday.
A man was robbed at gunpoint.
Christina Aguilera posed nude for an album cover and released the teaser photo via her twitter account.
Christina Aguilera posed nude for an album cover.
Harley-Davidson Inc. announced Tuesday it plans to open an assembly plant in India in the first half of 2011.
Harley-Davidson announced it plans to open an assembly plant in India.
New Mexico lawmakers fretting about state finances gave Democratic Gov. Bill Richardson a fraction of what he wanted for tax relief and health care but a big chunk of highway funding before adjourning a special legislative session.
New Mexico lawmakers gave before adjourning a special session.
NEW DELHI - India is increasing safety features at all of its nuclear power plants to try to prevent a crisis like Japan's caused by seismic activity or an extended power loss, a government official said Thursday.
India is increasing safety features at all of its nuclear power plants.
OAK Racing, and its newly-named constructor department Onroak Automotive, have unveiled a new LMP2 chassis designed for privateer teams in the World Endurance Challenge, American Le Mans Series, and European Le Mans Series.
OAK Racing have unveiled a new LMP2 chassis.
MTN Swaziland has partnered with MTV Base for season two of the series, 'MTV Base MEETS with MTN.
MTV Base MEETS with MTN.
``American Idol'' judge Jennifer Lopez appeared on Ryan Seacrest's radio show Thursday to talk about her emotional reaction Wednesday night to having to let Chris Medina go, despite his incredible backstory of strength and adversity.
American Idol judge Jennifer Lopez appeared to talk to having to let Chris Medina go.
Rapper Dj Paul was arrested in New York on Sunday night for allegedly possessing a weapon.
Rapper Dj Paul was arrested.
A cement plant in Thomaston has been cited by the US Department of Labor for 63 safety violations.
A cement plant has been cited for 63 violations.
Indexes refused to change colors during yesterday's session, the Pari Daily informs.
Indexes refused to change colors.
MetalBiz reported that Mexico imposed special tariffs on some steel products from China and United Kingdom on January 5th 2010 in a bid to protect domestic producers.
Mexico imposed special tariffs on some steel products from China and United Kingdom.
A Seminole County jury has awarded $13.3 million to an Altamonte Springs family whose mother died when a pain patch failed, flooding her system with too much medicine.
A jury has awarded $ 13.3 million to an family whose mother died when a pain patch failed.
Stephen Webster, the London-based designer regarded as the celebrities' favourite jeweller, has been named as the new creative director of the world's oldest jewellery house, Garrard.
Stephen Webster, the designer, has been named as the creative director, Garrard.
Hollywood star Courtney Cox has said she is ``too shy'' to start dating again after separating from husband David Arquette recently.
Courtney Cox is too shy to start dating.
All Mansfield municipal park pavilions will be closed for the winter, starting in early November.
All Mansfield pavilions will be closed for the winter.
China conglomerate Citic Pacific is to sell its 50% stake in Chinese cable TV business Citic Guoan to its state-owned parent Citic Group for CNY3.51 billion, as the company streamlines its operations to focus on commodities and mainland property development.
Citic Pacific is to sell its stake in Citic Guoan.
Greek Foreign Minister Dora Bakoyannis, who has been admitted to a hospital earlier Friday with symptoms of bronchopneumonia, is not infected by A type flu.
Dora Bakoyannis is not infected by A type flu.
Oregon could be without three defensive starters against UCLA on Thursday after tackle Zac Clark, end Terrell Turner and cornerback Anthony Gildon didn't practice on Tuesday.
Oregon could be without three defensive starters.
A 59-year-old man who was seriously burned while sleeping inside the downtown Fairbanks post office on New Year's Day has died.
A man who was burned while sleeping inside the Fairbanks post office has died.
Australian bonds opened little changed after a quiet night of trade, as investors await a definitive economic lead from domestic employment data on Thursday.
Australian bonds opened little changed.
What's in a name, inquired the Immortal Bard, speaking through Ms. Capulet.
What's in a name.
A 77-year-old New Orleans doctor has been indicted on charges of health care fraud.
A New Orleans doctor has been indicted on charges of health care fraud.
The Peoples Choice Awards nominations have been announced, and Harry Potter and Glee top the list of most nods.
The Peoples Choice Awards nominations have been announced, and Harry Potter top the list.
Kareena Kapoor completed her 40th film with the release of her family drama flick, 'We Are Family' today.
Kareena Kapoor completed her 40th film.
Singapore Airlines announced special holiday fares including taxes and surcharges to the city state as well as low fares for destinations in the US, China and Australia but the bookings have to be done in seven days.
Singapore Airlines announced special holiday fares.
RESIDENTS will carry out their own traffic survey in an effort to persuade the council to install CCTV on their road.
RESIDENTS will carry out their own traffic survey.
Black Stars defender John Boye was sent off in Stade Rennes 4-1 defeat at Valenciennes in the French Ligue 1 on Saturday.
John Boye was sent off in Stade Rennes 4 1 defeat at Valenciennes.
In Friday's Rockies Notes column, I briefly mentioned that Josh Rutledge moved to second base for Thursday's game and will remain there for the rest of the season.
Josh Rutledge moved to second base.
Deputy Prime Minister Verica Kalanovic will visit Ada and Senta on 8 April.
Verica Kalanovic will visit Ada and Senta.
Justin Bieber was mocked by chat show host David Letterman last night for not knowing what the Sistine Chapel is.
Justin Bieber was mocked by David Letterman.
Water was released from Papanasam dam, one of the three major reservoirs of the district, for 'kar' paddy cultivation on Thursday, following copious monsoon rains in the Western Ghats and consequent inflow of water into all eleven dams in the district.
Water was released from Papanasam dam for paddy cultivation.
Brent Sutter has resigned as the coach of the New Jersey Devils after just two seasons.
Brent Sutter has resigned.
India Monday successfully test fired its indigenously developed Astra air-to-air interceptor missile from a defence base in Odisha for the third time within a week, an official said.
India Monday successfully test fired its Astra missile for the third time within a week.
Initial jobless claims rose last week but stayed below their late June level, the Labor Department said Thursday.
Jobless claims rose week.
Air pollution in Iran leaves 4460 dead Updated: 08:03, Tuesday January 8, 2013 Air pollution in Tehran has left 4460 people dead in a year, an Iranian health official says in reports, with another sounding the alarm over a high dose of carcinogens in domestically made petrol.
Air pollution in Iran leaves 4460 dead Updated.
British reggae singer Smiley Culture died after stabbing himself in the heart, an inquiry has heard.
Reggae singer Smiley Culture died after stabbing in the heart.
Attorney General Lisa Madigan is pushing back against the governor's call for deeper budget cuts, saying her office's ability to generate money for taxpayers is already being threatened by low pay and low morale that make it hard to retain her top lawyers.
Lisa Madigan is pushing back for budget cuts, is being threatened.
Kolkata West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee today said the 15-year-old Darjeeling issue was ``settled'' but the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha was mum on whether there was any decision on its original demand for a Gorkhaland state.
The Darjeeling issue was settled.
The United States carried out its first drone strike in Libya on Saturday, the Pentagon said, two days after approving the use of pilotless aircraft to aid rebels fighting Moamer Kadhafi's forces.
The United States carried out its first drone strike in Libya.
World football body FIFA said it will release 150,000 more World Cup tickets - including seats at the opening and final matches - for next month's tournament in South Africa.
FIFA will release 150,000 more World Cup tickets.
Mexican authorities have seized over 7.5 tonnes of cocaine found aboard two speed boats travelling off the Pacific coast en route to the US, Mexico's Navy said on Tuesday.
Mexican authorities have seized over 7.5 tonnes of cocaine.
Hockey legend Mario Lemieux and Rene Angelil, the husband and manager of pop icon Celine Dion, were inducted Wednesday into the Order of Quebec.
Mario Lemieux were inducted into the Order of Quebec.
Iontas revealed today that a major US bank has successfully deployed 55,000 seats of Iontas' Focus software suite as part of a Six Sigma initiative to streamline front-office operations.
A major US bank has deployed 55,000 seats of Iontas ' Focus software suite.
October is the official fire prevention month, and the fire departments in the area are hosting events throughout the entire month to raise awareness and educate the community about fire safety.
October is the fire prevention month.
IRISH pop group ``Westlife'' will visit Manila this September for a one-night concert at the Araneta Coliseum.
Westlife will visit Manila.
Baltimore County police on Monday released a forensic sketch of an unidentified man found dead in Back River in September 2011.
Police released a sketch of an unidentified man found dead in Back River.
The US Federal Reserve slashed a key interest rate by three-quarters of a point Tuesday, capping its most aggressive two months of action in a quarter-century in a battle to halt a spreading credit crisis.
The US Federal Reserve slashed a key interest rate.
The global manufacturing industry must act now to protect and prepare their supply chain matrix against a ticking timebomb of financial instability, a report from PwC has claimed.
The industry must act to protect against a ticking timebomb of financial instability.
Talkshow queen Oprah Winfrey has flown out of Sydney to Fiji to spend a week chilling out.
Oprah Winfrey has flown to Fiji.
Sports Illustrated reports that Oregon running back LeGarrette Blount was reinstated today.
Oregon running LeGarrette Blount was reinstated.
A former Albany police officer has been sentenced to one year in jail after being convicted of criminal mischief.
A former Albany police officer has been sentenced.
A letter that describes how famous Scottish explorer David Livingstone killed and ate an elephant during an African expedition has fetched 28,800 pounds at a London auction.
Explorer David Livingstone killed and ate an elephant.
Four men have appeared in court charged with the abduction and murder of a financial advisor who has been missing for more than six months.
Four men have appeared in court charged with the abduction and murder of a financial advisor.
In a recent interview Snoop Dogg opened up on the Death Row days, including Suge Knight's ways of business.
Snoop Dogg opened up on the Death Row days.
For the second consecutive day, Lake Shore Boulevard is closed between Jarvis and Parliament streets for a ``Total Recall'' film shoot.
Lake Shore Boulevard is closed for a Total Recall film shoot.
European integration has been and remains an indisputable priority for Ukraine, Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych said at a meeting with US politicians and businessmen in New York on Thursday under the auspices of the Atlantic Council of the United States.
European integration has been and remains an indisputable priority for Ukraine.
A Twin Cities couple is charged with prostituting a runaway Iowa teen with a developmental disorder.
A couple is charged with prostituting a runaway teen.
Kim Kardashian filed for divorce from basketballer Kris Humphries after only 10 weeks of marriage.
Kim Kardashian filed for divorce.
Verizon Business, a unit of Verizon Communications and a global player in communications and IT solutions, is opening a second data center in Hong Kong.
Verizon Business is opening a second data center in Hong Kong.
Nakheel, a Dubai World company and one of the world's largest and most innovative real estate developers, has announced the launch of Veneto -- the most exclusive residential district in Waterfront.
Nakheel has announced the launch of Veneto.
Weather may be a factor in today's presidential primary turnout, particularly in north Alabama, with tornadoes spawned by a severe weather front are a possibility west of Interstate 65.
Weather may be a factor in today's primary turnout.
Pollack died on Monday afternoon at his home in Pacific Palisades, Los Angeles surrounded by friends and family.
Pollack died.
Columbus Fire \u0026 EMS will hold in October a series of open houses at fire stations across the city.
Columbus Fire \u0026 EMS will hold a series of open houses at fire stations.
Katie Holmes based her decision to divorce ``Rock of Ages'' star husband Tom Cruise on her fear that he would ship Suri away to Scientology Organization.
Katie Holmes based her decision to divorce on her fear Tom Cruise would ship Suri.
Heavy lake effect snows continue to hit areas north of Syracuse hard this morning.
Lake effect snows continue to hit north of Syracuse.
Male and female babies respond differently to stress even when in the womb and accordingly adjust their growth patterns.
Male and female babies respond differently to stress even when in the womb.
Chile's first lady, Cecilia Morel, is on a state visit to Rapa Nui, also known as Easter Island, in which she is promoting the reforestation of 40,000 native trees, offering computers to the island's two biggest schools, and announcing the removal of half a ton of electronic waste from the island.
Chile's lady, Cecilia Morel, is on a visit to Rapa Nui.
President Barack Obama has arrived in New Mexico as he continues to meet with families about rebuilding the economy.
Barack Obama has arrived in New Mexico as he continues.
Finland's Laura Lepistö won the Women's European Figure Skating Championship in Helsinki on Saturday, just head of Italian Carolina Kostner.
Finland's Laura Lepistö won the Women's European Figure Skating Championship.
The Indian market is likely to open lower on Thursday, tracking weak global cues and higher oil prices.
The Indian market is likely to open lower, tracking weak global cues.
This is the moment the Japanese tsunami destroyed a sea wall designed to protect the Fukushima nuclear plant and surged towards reactors.
The Japanese tsunami destroyed a wall designed to protect the Fukushima nuclear plant.
Cuban defector Dayan Viciedo will work out Thursday for interested clubs, according to mlb.com.
Dayan Viciedo will work out Thursday.
American cyclist Kristin Armstrong won the women's Olympic time trial on Wednesday, beating Britain's Emma Pooley who took home the silver.
Kristin Armstrong won the women's time trial.
A Kayapo boy gets a bath on the first day of a visit by the ``Expedicionarios da Saude'', in the Kikretum community in Sao Felix, northern Brazil, April 22, 2011.
A Kayapo boy gets a bath, in the Kikretum community.
The Toronto Raptors announced Monday they have signed restricted free-agent guard Jarrett Jack to an offer sheet.
The Toronto Raptors have signed Jarrett Jack to an offer sheet.
Defence White Paper to be released Updated: 07:43, Friday May 3, 2013 Defence Minister Stephen Smith has vowed the federal government will not allow a gap to develop in Australia's air combat capability, ahead of the release of a new Defence White Paper.
Defence White Paper to be released.
Actor Jack Scalia was arrested at LAX Thursday afternoon for attempting to board a plane with a gun, according to TMZ.
Jack Scalia was arrested for attempting to board a plane with a gun.
2tor Inc., a New York provider of online degree programs, has raised $22 million in Series B funding.
2tor Inc. has raised $ 22 million.
Morgan Stanley is set to sell its Indian private bank after just four years of trying to make its mark on the country's wealth management market, Reuters reports, citing unnamed sources close to the matter.
Morgan Stanley is set to sell its Indian private bank.
Kiva Systems, a Woburn company that develops robots designed to automate warehouse operations, said in a press release that Boston Scientific Corp., will use Kiva robots in two distribution centers, one in New England, the other in the Netherlands.
Boston Scientific Corp., will use Kiva robots.
A 21-year-old man was robbed early Sunday on the Riverwalk in Columbus, police said.
A man was robbed on the Riverwalk.
The Speaker of Parliament, Mr Abdullah Tarmugi will be retiring from politics after 26 years of service.
The Speaker of Parliament, Mr Abdullah Tarmugi will be retiring.
Thomas Cook has introduced travel holiday money comparison boards so that customers can see how much foreign currency costs to buy from them compared with other high street providers.
Thomas Cook has introduced travel holiday money comparison boards.
London, Mar 17 Charlie's Angel star Cameron Diaz is looking forward to working with her ex-boyfriend Justin Timberlake in their new movie together -- 'Bad Teacher'.
London, Cameron Diaz is looking forward to working with her ex-boyfriend Justin Timberlake -- Bad Teacher.
Three decades after playing Laurie Holden in the iconic Australian film The Club, Jack Thompson reprises his role as coach in Blinder, a movie being shot in Torquay.
Jack Thompson reprises his role as coach.
Richard Dawkins, famous atheist, known for his work on Darwin's theory of evolution has upset the Bishops by suggesting only about a half of British citizen say they are Christians and of those most don't believe most of it anyway and only go to Church for marriages and funerals.
Richard Dawkins has upset the Bishops.
Foreign Secretary William Hague called for restraint in crisis-hit Ivory Coast as a charity said many of those fleeing the violence were children.
William Hague called for restraint in Ivory Coast.
German authorities on Tuesday mounted raids against Islamic extremist groups suspected of seeking to overthrow the government and establish a religious state, the Interior Ministry said.
German authorities mounted raids against Islamic groups.
Police have released the identity of a man found burned in a truck in Jessamine County.
Police have released the identity of a man found burned in a truck.
Usa star Steven Cherundolo has confirmed that he has agreed a new two-year deal with Hannover.
Steven Cherundolo has agreed a new deal.
Russian opera singer Galina Vishnevskaya, the widow of legendary cellist Mstislav Rostropovich, was buried on Friday alongside her husband in Moscow's Novodevichy cemetery, the RIA Novosti state news agency said.
Russian opera singer Galina Vishnevskaya was buried alongside her husband.
Music director Sejo John, who has composed music for 'Mummy \u0026 Me and My Boss', has turned lyricist.
Sejo John has turned lyricist.
Luke Dean has returned to Harrogate Town, with his first match this evening against local rivals Guiseley AFC.
Luke Dean has returned to Harrogate Town.
The House of Representatives today voted to censure Rep. Charles B. Rangel, DN.Y., the first such rebuke for a sitting lawmaker in 27 years.
The House of Representatives today voted to censure Charles B. Rangel.
A convicted killer will be sentenced on Monday, June 15 to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
A killer will be sentenced to life.
Waitrose is launching its first YouTube channel as it looks to increase online brand engagement with customers.
Waitrose is launching its YouTube channel.
Two local men were killed early Saturday morning in separate traffic crashes, one of which involved a suspected drunken driver who now faces a manslaughter charge.
Two local men were killed in separate crashes.
Investigators say a 20-year-old Rock Hill man confessed to a four-month crime spree where he robbed seven stores and shot four people.
A Rock Hill man confessed to a crime spree.
The capitalization of the Russian stock market, based on Russian Trading System trading, decreases 0.08%, or by $1.116 billion from the previous session, to $1339.63 billion on Thursday.
The capitalization of the Russian stock market decreases 0.08% on Thursday.
Former MSP Tommy Sheridan ``panicked'' when he was recognised by a Glasgow couple at a sex club, a court has heard.
Tommy Sheridan panicked when he was recognised at a sex club.
A Winn Dixie in Hillsborough County sold the $50 million winning Lotto ticket in Wednesday's drawing.
A Winn Dixie sold the $ winning Lotto ticket.
The US is not seeking regime change in North Korea but believes a change in the North's behavior is a prerequisite for any improvement in bilateral relations, the special representative for North Korea policy, Stephen Bosworth, said on Tuesday.
The US is not seeking regime change in North Korea.
REUTERS/Toby Melville Tom Cruise has defended his role as Jack Reacher in the first of what could be a new action movie franchise, despite being much slimmer and shorter than the character created by author Lee Child in the original books.
Tom Cruise has defended his role as Jack Reacher.
A spokesperson for the club said: ``Wales international Gavin Henson has signed a contract at Toulon as a 'medical wildcard' for Clement Marienval.''
Gavin Henson has signed at Toulon.
When it occurs in people age 60 and older, there's a good possibility bloody diarrhoea indicates ischaemic colitis.
A bloody diarrhoea indicates ischaemic colitis.
Authorities said a New York man who fell onto train tracks at a New Jersey transit station escaped injury when a train rolled over him.
A man escaped injury a train rolled.
In Australia, a large bush fire is burning out of control in Karnup, south of Perth.
In Australia, a bush fire is burning out of control.
New Moon had its world premiere in Los Angeles last night with all the stars hitting the glamourous red carpet.
New Moon had its world premiere.
``Why did you take my family away from me?''
Why did you take my family.
IN A surprise move, Iran invited all 15 UN Security Council members to dinner in New York in what will be one of the highest-level US-Iran contacts since the 1979 Islamic Revolution.
Iran invited all 15 UN Security Council members to dinner.
Japan on Saturday took unprecedented measures deploying Aegis guided-missile destroyers and bringing to the frontlines patriot and sea launched SM-3 missiles to intercept North Korean rocket, if it falls on its territory.
Japan took measures deploying destroyers launched to intercept North Korean rocket.
Kevin Pietersen struck an 88-ball century on the final day of the fifth and final Test against West Indies on Tuesday as England sought an unlikely victory to tie the series.
Kevin Pietersen struck an century as England sought an victory.
A St. Louis officer accidentally shot and killed an apartment resident while responding to a burglary call on Monday night.
A officer accidentally shot and killed an apartment resident.
Graham Taylor, now a Daily Express columnist, was stunned by the practices at the organisation when he joined the FIFA Technical Committee during his time in charge of the England team.
Graham Taylor was stunned by the practices at the organisation.
Dubai-based Mashreq Bank said it has reached a major Emiratisation milestone through 100 per cent recruitment of Emirati branch managers across its branch network in the country.
Mashreq Bank has reached a Emiratisation milestone.
US Sen. Jim Inhofe, who believes his seniority on two major committees helped give him another election victory, said Thursday he could run again in 2014 if he remains in good health.
Jim Inhofe said he could run again in 2014.
Turkish lender Vakifbank will open a branch in the Iraqi city of Irbil by the end of the year.
Turkish lender Vakifbank will open a branch in the Iraqi city of Irbil.
Director Kodi Ramakrishna was hospitalised on Friday after he complained of chest pain.
Director Kodi Ramakrishna was hospitalised.
Veteran quarterback Brett Favre told ESPN on Friday that he needs surgery on his left ankle in order to play this season for the Minnesota Vikings.
Brett Favre told ESPN he needs surgery in order to play.
The prohibition to live in Egypt is mentioned three times in the Torah.
The prohibition to live in Egypt is mentioned.
IDF held its annual combat championship for commanders at the Wingate Institute.
IDF held its annual combat championship.
Tom Cruise and katie Holmes are getting a divorce, according to her lawyer, who didn't say whether papers have been filed.
Tom Cruise and katie Holmes are getting a divorce.
Lindsay Lohan has been sentenced to 90 days in jail.
Lindsay Lohan has been sentenced to 90 days.
The Border Patrol plans to host another community forum next week, continuing a series of new outreach events aimed at taking the dramatic stories of the agency's patrols, arrests, drug busts and rescues right to the public being served.
The Border Patrol plans to host another community forum.
A rhinoceros was found dead at the Narayani River bank at Seri, the border of Chitwan and Nawalparasi districts.
A rhinoceros was found dead at the Narayani River bank.
A new study has revealed that homes with gas stoves have nitrous dioxide levels three times higher than busy highways.
Homes with gas stoves have nitrous dioxide levels higher than highways.
BRISBANE residents are being asked to have their say on proposed amendments to protected tree laws after the draft changes cleared tonight's Brisbane City Council meeting.
BRISBANE residents are being asked to have their say on proposed amendments to tree laws.
Malappuram, Sep 26 About 600,000 Muslims will take a pledge against terrorism Friday night at an annual prayer meet here, an organiser said.
Malappuram, Sep 26 About 600,000 Muslims will take a pledge against terrorism.
Rahul Mohindar of Viratechindia is of the view that sugar stocks look good on long term perspective.
Sugar stocks look good on long term perspective.
Jamaat-ud-Dawah chief Hafiz Mohammad Saeed is the subject of an investigation by Pakistani authorities but he will not be arrested till there is evidence against him, Interior Minister Rehman Malik said on Wednesday.
Hafiz Mohammad Saeed is but he will not be arrested till there is evidence.
Former President Bill Clinton is coming to Scranton.
Bill Clinton is coming to Scranton.
CONCORD, NH - Gas prices in New Hampshire continue to fall, down another nickel in the past week to an average of $3.46 per gallon.
CONCORD, Gas prices in New Hampshire continue to fall.
Sunday Star Times Kiwi music icon Chris Knox, pictured here singing in 2008, may not walk again after suffering a stroke three days ago.
Chris Knox may not walk again after suffering a stroke.
AOL will buy Bebo, a social networking site popular in the UK, for US$850 million in cash, the companies have said.
AOL will buy Bebo for US $ 850 million.
``It is clear that violence is increasing in many parts of Syria,'' General Babacar Gaye, head of the UN Supervision Mission in Syria, told journalists in Damascus.
Violence is increasing in parts of Syria.
Swedish fashion giant H\u0026M will open in Westfield Stratford City in the autumn and the store will be the second in the UK to stock its homeware collection.
H\u0026M will open in Westfield Stratford City.
Chronic pain in children and headaches in children are more common than you would think according to a study that appears in the December issue of the journal Pain.
Chronic pain in children are more common than you would think.
US scientists said Tuesday that their study of a set of medieval bones found in Albania has revealed traces of a modern infectious disease that afflicts people who eat unpasteurized dairy products reports AFP.
Their study of a set of medieval bones found in Albania has revealed traces of a modern infectious disease.
Jordan Schafer returned to the lineup Sunday night, just 48 hours after he thought he was seriously injured after fouling a bunt attempt off his face.
Jordan Schafer returned to the lineup.
Oil prices slumped to just above 46 dollars here on Tuesday, reaching the lowest point in almost four years, as global energy demand weakened amid a widespread economic slowdown.
Oil prices slumped to just above 46 dollars.
For the third consecutive year, Citizens Bank is collecting new school supplies for low-income children in Massachusetts.
Citizens Bank is collecting school supplies.
OPEC member Venezuela agreed Friday to sell Spain 10,000 barrels of oil per day at $100 a barrel in exchange for medicine and other goods, a Spanish government source told AFP.
Venezuela agreed to sell Spain 10,000 barrels of oil at $ 100.
British manufacturers reported some of the weakest conditions ever in January when they cut jobs at a record pace, monthly purchasing managers index data showed on Monday.
British manufacturers reported.
Rafa Benitez will consider legal action against Neil Warnock after comments made by the Crystal Palace manager regarding Benitez's team selection.
Rafa Benitez will consider legal action.
``I don't want to keep wicket, I want to bat at number four for my country and take the responsibility of scoring hundreds,'' De Villiers, who kept wicket at the start of his Test career, said on Tuesday.
I want to bat at number four.
by Teresa Blackman \u0026 Frank Mungeam A hiker fell about 200 feet to his death Sunday afternoon on a mountain east of Seaside, investigators said.
A hiker fell to his death on a east of Seaside.
Deputy Premier Paula Cox is to open a new reinsurance conference designed to improve understanding of Bermuda's reinsurance market globally.
Paula Cox is to open a reinsurance conference.
Russia could consider agreeing to new sanction against Iran if the international diplomatic efforts failed to settle the issue of Iran's nuclear programme on condition that the sanctions should not target Iranian civilians, China's Xinhua reported the visiting President as saying here Monday.
The sanctions should not target Iranian civilians.
A month after an inmate was stabbed to death and five others were injured, the US Penitentiary at Hazelton in Preston County remains on 24-hour lockdown.
The US Penitentiary at Hazelton remains on lockdown.
Tan Sri Dr Koh Tsu Koon says Malaysia is expected to see phenomenal growth in Taiwanese investments this year.
Malaysia is expected to see phenomenal growth in Taiwanese investments this year.
It has been reported that PetroSA will invest R80 million toward the construction of a 200m3/hr desalination plant to alleviate the impact of drought in Mossel Bay and its surrounds.
PetroSA will invest R80 million toward the construction of a desalination plant.
Just days after word broke that a Penguin/Random House merger was a possibility, it's nearly a done deal.
A Penguin / Random House merger was.
Chief Minister Datuk Seri Musa Haji Aman attests that the good relationship between the state and the federal governments is key towards the many benefits that Sabah enjoys.
The good relationship between the state and the federal governments is key.
Alfa Aesar, a Johnson Matthey Company, has launched digital versions of all catalogs and brochures.
Alfa Aesar has launched digital versions of all catalogs and brochures.
LOUISVILLE, Colo. ― Democratic gubernatorial candidate John Hickenlooper has hit the road on a bus tour to court votes during the final 11 days of the campaign.
John Hickenlooper has hit the road on a bus tour.
Colombian and US officials have seized more than four tonnes of cocaine and captured nine drug traffickers from a vessel in the international waters near this Andean nation, officials said.
Colombian and US officials have seized more than four tonnes of cocaine.
Virginia has revamped its vacation website to make it easier for travelers to plan trips to the commonwealth.
Virginia has revamped its vacation website.
Yao Ming and the Rockets finally won a Game 4 of a playoff series by beating the Blazers 89-88 on Saturday, giving Houston a 3-1 lead in their best-of-seven series.
Yao Ming and the Rockets finally won a Game 4.
The Israeli navy intercepted a ship carrying foreign peace activists trying to break a blockade of Gaza and forced it to sail to an Israeli port, the military said.
The Israeli navy intercepted a ship carrying activists.
Armenians residing in Arak, capital of Markazi Province, by issuing a statement, felicitated the 29th anniversary of Islamic revolution victory to the supreme leader, president, officials and the nation.
Armenians, felicitated the anniversary of Islamic revolution victory.
South Africa beat India by 11 runs via the Duckworth Lewis Method in the rain-marred one-off Twenty20 international at the Wanderers here Friday.
South Africa beat India by 11 runs.
Hornell police are investigating a suspicious death after a body was discovered Thursday in a Cottage Avenue residence.
Hornell police are investigating a suspicious death.
More than 11,000 volunteers, including those from Mason County, removed more than 200 tons of litter and debris from the state's landscape during two spring cleanup programs, which were sponsored by the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection.
More than 11,000 volunteers removed more than 200 tons of litter from the state's landscape.
Danish cycling team Saxo Bank, home of reigning world time-trial champion Fabian Cancellara, will lose its primary sponsor at the end of the season.
Danish cycling team Saxo Bank will lose its sponsor.
An engine door panel fell off a Flybe passenger plane and damaged a wing as it was taking off from Southampton Airport, a new accident report has revealed.
An door panel fell off a Flybe plane.
Two cases of influenza have been confirmed in Tulsa County, prompting health officials to emphasize the need for residents to get the flu shot.
Two cases of influenza have been confirmed in Tulsa County.
A toddler was hit by a car in Knoxville Friday, and the driver may face charges.
A toddler was hit by a car, and the driver may face charges.
Authorities say an Azusa police officer has shot and wounded a suspected car thief after the man tried to grab the officer's gun.
An Azusa police officer has shot a suspected thief.
Wallaby halfback Will Genia says the buck for poor performances stops with the players.
Wallaby halfback Will Genia says the buck stops with the players.
Cox and Kings, the 250-year-old travel company, scores another first by introducing Ireland to the escorted group market.
Cox and Kings scores first by introducing Ireland to the escorted group market.
Two Topekans, a father and young son, were killed Tuesday night in a skid loader accident six miles east of Meriden in Jefferson County, authorities said Wednesday.
Two Topekans were killed in a skid loader accident.
Marussia will be running KERS on its car for the first time for the 2013 season.
Marussia will be running KERS for the first time for the 2013 season.
China's ZTE Corporation on Thursday announced that it would make a foray into the smart grid solutions market in India by launching a range of end-to-end solutions for the power sector.
China's ZTE Corporation would make a foray into the smart grid solutions market.
CBS LOCAL DIGITAL MEDIA launched a new app that people can add to their FACEBOOK timeline to share news, traffic and weather with their friends and learn more about the day's headlines and what's happening locally or in other major markets across the country.
CBS LOCAL DIGITAL MEDIA launched a new app people can add to their FACEBOOK timeline.
Anti-Semitic attacks have doubled in the UK over the first half of this year, according to new figures out today.
Anti-Semitic attacks have doubled in the UK.
Susquehanna lowers their price target on Isle of Capri Casinos, Inc. from $10 to $8, reflecting a more challenging outlook for Biloxi and Pompano Park than previously estimated.
Susquehanna lowers their price target on Isle of Capri Casinos,, Inc. to $ 8.
LONDON - The dollar slumped against other currencies after the Federal Reserve cut interest rates by 75 basis points in order to avoid a recession in the US.
The dollar slumped after the Federal Reserve cut interest rates.
Thieves struck an Airway Heights neighborhood this weekend hitting several homes including a widow whose most prized possessions were taken including her wedding ring.
Thieves struck an Airway Heights neighborhood.
State-owned Hindustan Petroleum Corp on Thursday suspended jet fuel sales to Kingfisher Airlines after the private airline failed to pay up for its fuel purchases.
Hindustan Petroleum Corp suspended jet fuel sales to Kingfisher Airlines.
Armenian lobby stands for anti-Azerbaijan propaganda against the background of the Eurovision song contest, said speaker of the Azerbaijani Parliament Ogtay Asadov at the meeting of the parliament.
Armenian lobby stands for anti-Azerbaijan propaganda against the background of the Eurovision song contest.
Social networking may be promoting alcohol use among young people in so subtle a manner that users are not even aware of it.
Social networking may be promoting alcohol use among young people.
A SPACESHIP bankrolled by British tycoon Sir Richard Branson has made its first powered flight in a test which moves Virgin Galactic toward its goal of flying into space later this year.
A SPACESHIP has made its first powered flight.
Indiana Jones star Shia LaBeouf says he's lucky to be alive following a car accident in July.
Shia LaBeouf's lucky to be alive.
Mountain View career networking website LinkedIn opened its Asian headquarters in Singapore on Tuesday, part of a plan to tap the region's large pool of professionals.
LinkedIn opened its Asian headquarters in Singapore.
Russia warned Georgia on Thursday against detention of its peacekeepers, saying the self-possession of Russian peacekeepers is not limitless and any further detention could end in bloodshed.
Russia warned Georgia against detention of its peacekeepers.
Federal Signal Corporation's Safety and Security Systems Group, a leader in advancing security and well-being, announced today that Fayetteville State University in Fayetteville, North Carolina , has deployed a comprehensive Federal Signal campus safety and security system to alert students, faculty and staff in the event of unsafe weather or dangerous campus conditions.
Fayetteville State University has deployed a Federal Signal campus safety and security system.
MEMBERS of Al Khor Community held a charity bazaar to raise funds for Gaza.
MEMBERS held a charity bazaar to raise funds for Gaza.
Walter Energy Inc. confirmed plans Tuesday to develop a new underground coal mine in Tuscaloosa County.
Walter Energy Inc. confirmed to develop a new coal mine in Tuscaloosa County.
Homestead won the sectional with a team score of 348.
Homestead won the sectional.
The game between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Chicago Cubs was delayed for 18 minutes in top of the fourth inning after the lights went out at Wrigley Field.
The game was delayed after the lights went at Wrigley Field.
A convict, serving 10 years' imprisonment for abducting a minor girl, escaped from Lucknow district jail where he was brought for trial, police said here today.
A convict escaped from jail.
``We are not accustomed to being behind in the series,'' Ponting said after the match to make his anguish over the loss clear.
We are not accustomed to being behind.
Taiwan share prices closed up 0.57 percent yesterday as buying rotated to the high-tech sector after its recent consolidation, boosting the index to a 30-month high, dealers said.
Taiwan share prices closed up 0.57 percent.
Louisiana State University at Alexandria has partnered with Banker's Academy to provide bank training programs -- hosted and maintained by Edcomm Banker's Academy's Learning Management System, Learning Link®.
Louisiana State University at Alexandria has partnered with Banker's Academy to provide bank training programs.
Boeing of Mesa which is an East Valley anchor industry that plays a vital role in bolstering the security of the United States is celebrating its 30th anniversary today.
Boeing of Mesa is celebrating its 30th anniversary today.
Business news agency PRIME will be editorially independent from RIA Novosti, Svetlana Mironyuk, Editor-in-Chief of RIA Novosti, said at the Thursday briefing on PRIME's re-launch held during the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum.
PRIME will be editorially independent from RIA Novosti, said.
A child playing with matches started a fire in an upstairs bedroom of the family's home in the Cimarron Hills area.
A child playing with matches started a fire in an bedroom.
Arsenal will be without defender Thomas Vermaelen for their first two Champions League games after he underwent minor surgery on his ankle.
Arsenal will be after Thomas Vermaelen underwent surgery.
Peter Mandelson took his seat in the House of Lords following his appointment as Business Secretary in Gordon Brown's cabinet.
Peter Mandelson took his seat in the House of Lords.
Zhejiang Narada Hospitality Service Company Limited has signed agreements for two three-star hotels in Yiwu, Zhejiang.
Zhejiang Narada Hospitality Service Company Limited has signed for two hotels in Yiwu.
Yuan appreciation expectations rebounded in January to their strongest point since mid-September and remain near a four-month high, even as spot yuan softened slightly.
Spot yuan softened.
Credit Suisse suspended a small number of traders in connection with its $2.85 billion writedowns, its chief executive said on Tuesday.
Credit Suisse suspended a small number of traders.
WORKERS at Grantham factory Fenland Foods have accepted a redundancy package worth £1m more than the statutory package first offered.
WORKERS have accepted a redundancy package worth £ 1m more than the statutory package.
China Unicom Ltd, the nation's second-largest telecom operator by subscriber, saw net profits surge 89 percent year-on-year to 1.9 billion yuan in the first quarter, thanks to the company's burgeoning third-generation, or 3G, network business.
China Unicom Ltd saw profits surge.
13 hours ago The New England Patriots have activated defensive lineman Jermaine Cunningham to the 53-man roster and signed wide receiver Kamar Aiken and defensive back Malcolm Williams from the practice squad.
The New England Patriots have activated defensive lineman Jermaine Cunningham.
Telstra today launched an ``external research and development program'' that offered technical assistance, network access and facilities to five selected innovators.
Telstra today launched an external research program.
Shakira, the highest-selling Colombian recording artist of all time and a two-time Grammy winner, will receive the 2,454th star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame today.
Shakira will receive the star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Brad Gushue will play Ontario's Glenn Howard tonight for a chance to play in the final of the Canadian men's curling championship.
Brad Gushue will play Ontario's Glenn Howard tonight for a chance to play in the final.
Two Canadian scientists whose discovery of stem cells has paved the way for controversial research could be candidates for the 2009 Nobel Prize in medicine, the winners of which will be announced today.
Two Canadian scientists could be candidates.
Tennis star Leander Paes has written a letter to the All India Tennis Association, threatening to pull out of the 2012 Olympics if paired with a junior player for the men's doubles event.
Leander Paes has written, threatening to pull out of the 2012 Olympics.
In a surprise move, VVS Laxman, one of India's most sylish batsmen, announced his retirement from international cricket with ``immediate effect'', bringing the curtains down on an illustrious 16-year career.
VVS Laxman announced his retirement from international cricket.
ISLAMABAD on Friday said the US diplomat, who had pointed gun at a Pakistani cop two days back, could be deported after declaring him persona non grata.
The US diplomat could be deported.
The Canadian dollar opened at 100.86 cents US this morning, up 0.37 of a cent from Tuesday's close.
The Canadian dollar opened at 100.86 cents US, up 0.37 of a cent.
Multiple media outlets are reporting that Boston Red Sox pitcher Tim Wakefield is retiring after 17 years with the team.
Boston Red Sox pitcher Tim Wakefield is retiring.
India bowled out New Zealand in their first innings for 159 at lunch on the third day of the first cricket Test match taking a lead of 279 runs at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium, Uppal, here Saturday morning.
India bowled out New Zealand in their innings for 159 at lunch.
McPherson police say a Tabor College football player died Saturday night as a result of injuries sustained during an appartent altercation.
A Tabor College football player died.
A Holland America cruise ship violated its wastewater discharge permit in May, June and July, according to state regulators.
A cruise ship violated its wastewater discharge permit.
President Obama has nominated veteran federal prosecutor William Hochul as the new US attorney for western New York.
Obama has nominated William Hochul as the US attorney.
A woman who demanded help with carving a turkey and another who suffered cuts after climbing on to a photocopier, are just two of the ludicrous cases that staff have faced at Christmas, according to the NHS.
Who demanded help with carving a turkey.
A woman raped at gunpoint in front of her children in a Stamford hotel parking garage has filed a lawsuit accusing the hotel of failing to prevent the 2006 attack.
A woman raped in a hotel garage has filed a lawsuit.
RCMP say an 18-year-old woman was sexually assaulted Sunday in Cole Harbour.RCMP say an 18-year-old woman was sexually assaulted Sunday in Cole Harbour.
An woman was sexually assaulted in Cole Harbour.
February 16th, 2011 at 10:14 pm Kimberly Peirce has signed on to direct The Knife, a drama inspired by the true story of a South Central gang member who volunteered to be an informant for the FBI.
Kimberly Peirce has signed on to direct The Knife.
Serena Williams tweeted on Tuesday she's back on court training after a series of health problems that included dangerous blood clots in her lung.
Serena Williams's back on court training.
Snow Patrol have posted a video for their latest single, ``Called Out in the Dark,'' which will be released as a single track and as part of an upcoming EP September 4.
Snow Patrol have posted a video, Called Out in the Dark.
WASHINGTON Conservative activist Paul Weyrich, who coined the phrase ``moral majority,'' has died.
Paul Weyrich, who coined, has died.
Rugby spread betting fans know that since his appointment in 2008, Howley become a vital member of Warren Gatland's backroom staff and will now stay until 2016 with the Welsh Rugby Union .
Rugby spread betting fans know.
A new remembrance memorial dedicated to veterans and soldiers in Shropshire is due to be unveiled at a special ceremony.
A remembrance memorial is due to be unveiled.
A former Bridgeton police officer pleaded guilty to charges of taking a $5,000 bride and obstructing a federal law enforcement investigation.
A former Bridgeton police officer pleaded guilty.
Industrial output stagnated in June and the trade-in-goods deficit worsened, official data showed on Tuesday, further clouding the economic outlook amid plunging stock markets.
Industrial output stagnated in June.
The White House is preparing its own health care bill as Congress is struggling to reach an bipartisan agreement on the policy reform, said a report on Friday.
The White House is preparing its own health care bill, said a report.
Additional commissioner of police M. Shakeel Akthar on Monday said 27 temporary checkposts have been erected in view of the Assembly elections on April 13.
27 temporary checkposts have been erected.
Smitherman, who announced officially yesterday that he was resigning his cabinet position to run for mayor next year, said it's ``bad news'' for Toronto taxpayers when politicians focus on revenue generation when trying to balance the books.
Smitherman was resigning to run for mayor.
Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan says he had ``huge attachment'' to Mansur Ali Khan Pataudi who died Thursday, and remembers the Indian cricket legend as a ``friend's friend''.
Shah Rukh Khan had huge attachment to Mansur Ali Khan Pataudi.
MTA chairman resigns to explore NYC mayoral bid Metropolitan Transportation Authority Chairman Joseph Lhota said Wednesday that he is resigning his post to explore running for mayor, a move that comes after he was hailed for getting the nation's biggest mass transit system back on track after Superstorm Sandy.
MTA chairman resigns to explore NYC mayoral bid Joseph Lhota said.
Actress Emma Stone is in talks to make her Broadway debut in an upcoming stage production of Cabaret.
Emma Stone is in talks to make her Broadway debut.
In response to media enquiries on the ``US Trafficking in Persons Report 2009'', a Government spokesman said today that Hong Kong attaches great importance to combating human trafficking.
A Government spokesman said Hong Kong attaches great importance to combating human trafficking.
The Red Raiders topped #20 Kansas State 13-4 behind a big 7 run 2nd inning to top the Wildcats for the 2nd straight day at Dan Law Field.
The Red Raiders topped Kansas State 13 - 4.
A 37-year-old Minnesota man pleaded guilty Tuesday in federal court to charges of running a $190 million Ponzi scheme.
A Minnesota man pleaded guilty to charges of running a $ 190 million Ponzi scheme.
Cheryl Cole has hired Will.I.Am as her manager to help her break America, according to reports.
Cheryl Cole has hired Will.I.Am as her manager.
By KARE 11 Staff Writer St. Paul Police officers shot and killed an armed man inside a Super 8 Hotel Monday night, a police spokesman said.
St. Paul officers shot and killed an armed man inside a Hotel night.
Islamabad, Feb 28 Pakistan and India have swapped more than 3,000 prisoners since 2003, Pakistan Foreign Office said Wednesday.
Pakistan and India have swapped more than 3,000 prisoners.
The Maldives Inland Revenue Authority has stated that it has no authority to relieve taxes.
The Maldives Inland Revenue Authority has no authority to relieve taxes.
Wind gusts that came through northern Utah late Tuesday morning caused traffic delays as well as knocked out power in areas throughout the Wasatch Front.
Wind gusts caused traffic delays as well as knocked out power throughout the Wasatch Front.
Jane Lynch has explained that she's always struggled to accept success in both her personal and professional lives.
Jane Lynch's struggled to accept success.
Tiger Woods will speak to the media Friday for the first time since revelations about his infidelity, his agent says.
Tiger Woods will speak to the media Friday.
Nikki Araguz, the transsexual widow from Wharton who's fighting to receive death benefits from her late husband, faces a felony theft charge for allegedly stealing a Rolex watch valued at $2,850 in February.
Nikki Araguz faces a theft charge.
Hamid Ansari has been elected as Indian Vice President for the second term, reported India's NDTV.
Hamid Ansari has been elected as Indian Vice President.
Despite featuring Reznor's wife Mariqueen Maandig on vocals and unclear musical contributions from longtime Nine Inch Nails graphic artist Rob Sheridan, How to destroy angels-- feels and sounds like an obvious extension of Reznor's ongoing work with Atticus Ross rather than a truly collaborative ``band'' effort... for better or worse.
How to destroy angels.
Villanova basketball legend Wali Jones will be inducted into the Philadelphia Sports Hall of Fame in ceremonies at the Sheraton Society Hill on Nov. 8.
Wali Jones will be inducted into the Philadelphia Sports Hall of Fame.
Former West Virginia University star quarterback Major Harris was one of just 16 players picked for this year's College Football Hall of Fame from a ballot of 76 candidates.
Major Harris was one picked for this year's College Football Hall of Fame.
LA Weekly will be presenting LA 101 at Gibson Amphitheatre on Sunday, November 7th.
LA Weekly will be presenting LA 101.
Heels do make women look beautiful and confident and that might be the reason that a number of them step into heels by making themselves pass through a bit of pain.
Heels do make women look beautiful and confident.
Libya has resumed oil production for the first time since the civil war, tapping 15 wells and producing some 31,900 barrels per day, Italian energy giant Eni said Monday.
Libya has resumed oil production.
Two sexual abuse lawsuits, one involving a former Kansas City area Catholic priest and another filed against a church in western Missouri, have been settled.
Two sexual abuse lawsuits, one involving a priest filed against a church, have been settled.
AROUND ten tonnes of scrap metal were destroyed by fire yesterday during an incident in Chard.
AROUND ten tonnes of scrap metal were destroyed.
Health experts have warned that diabetes is reaching national crisis level after new research showed one third of families in Ireland have a relative suffering from the disease.
Health experts have warned diabetes is reaching national crisis level.
TechCrunch reports that YouTube is preparing to launch a live streaming platform to enable its content partners to stream their video directly to users in real time.
YouTube is preparing to launch a live streaming platform.
An Elm City woman is charged with Common Law Robbery after authorities say she stole money from a clerk's register.
An Elm City woman is charged after authorities say she stole money from a clerk's register.
Carbon rallied strongly overnight on its own volition as other energy markets were relatively subdued with oil slightly down, OMFinancial reports.
Carbon rallied strongly.
Blockbuster has rolled out a new digital media player that offers on-demand movie rentals.
Blockbuster has rolled out a new digital media player.
Bahraini clerics staged a protest sit-in on Monday over the recent mass arrests of women and minors by the Khalifa regime.
Bahraini clerics staged a protest sit-in over the arrests of women.
A California jury on Tuesday December 23, found that a Siemens patent asserted against Seagate's hard disc drives was invalid based on anticipation and obviousness.
A California jury, found a Siemens patent asserted was invalid.
An autopsy was completed on Leslie Carter today that revealed ``no visible signs of trauma,'' according to E!.
An autopsy was completed on Leslie Carter that revealed no visible signs of trauma.
Namibia comfortably beat Bermuda by 86 runs at the World Cricket League Division 2 in Dubai on Tuesday to remain on course for a place in the final.
Namibia beat Bermuda by 86 runs.
Australia's Qantas Airways said today it had canceled orders for 15 Boeing 787s and delayed the delivery of a further 15 aircraft due to turbulent market conditions.
Australia's Qantas Airways had canceled orders for 15 Boeing 787s.
It is reported that recently, Meigang's new coke oven heating model formally put into use through 2 months on line debugging.
Meigang's new coke oven heating model put.
Matt Giteau insists he has no problem with coach John Mitchell and says he is happy in Perth.
Matt Giteau insists and says he is happy in Perth.
David Bentley says he wants to forget the jeers he received from some England fans after making his debut for his country.
David Bentley wants to forget the jeers.
Preston defender Michael Hart has suffered another injury blow after it was revealed he must undergo surgery to solve ankle problem.
Michael Hart must undergo surgery.
The US stocks closed in green as mixed sentiments remain spread within the world's superpower as yesterday the CPI plunged inline with expectations for May by -0.2%, while the labor sector remains on struggling to recover from the crisis as the Initial Jobless Claims for June 12 rose to 472 thousand and the Continuing Claims for June 5 climbed to 4571 thousand.
The US stocks closed in green.
An Egyptian lawyer whose arrest in April led to a diplomatic spat between Egypt and the kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been charged with drug smuggling and could face the death penalty, his lawyer told Reuters.
An Egyptian lawyer has been charged with drug smuggling and could face the death penalty.
Via Rail is getting its cars back on track after a train derailment in Saskatchewan stranded some of its passengers.
Via Rail is getting its cars back on track after a derailment.
Procter \u0026 Gamble confirmed Monday that it has agreed to sell its global pharmaceuticals business to Warner Chilcott for an up-front cash payment of $3.1 billion.
Procter \u0026 Gamble has agreed to sell its pharmaceuticals business.
Gold and silver prices are gaining in early trading today as the euro hit a two-week high against the US dollar following successful Spanish and French bond auctions.
Gold and silver prices are gaining in early trading.
Eid Milad-un-Nabi is being celebrated today across the country with religious devotion and respect.
Eid Milad-un-Nabi is being celebrated today.
Trend Micro Incorporated, a global cloud security leader, today announced a strategic partnership with Facebook to help educate and protect users' digital life against malicious sites and malware.
Trend Micro Incorporated today announced a partnership with Facebook.
On April 10, on the Berto-Quintana undercard, Celestino Caballero will be facing Daud Yordan for an interim featherweight title.
Celestino Caballero will be facing Daud Yordan.
San Angelo - Polygamist leader Warren Jeffs, who heads a breakaway Mormon sect, was sentenced to life in prison on Tuesday for sexually assaulting two underage girls he claimed as ``spiritual'' brides.
Warren Jeffs was sentenced to life in prison.
Controversial boxing superstar Floyd Mayweather will offer a new slant to ``return to the ring'' on Saturday night -- his coach says he will make love to his opponent Victor Ortiz.
Floyd Mayweather will make love to his opponent Victor Ortiz.
Two doses of the quadrivalent HPV vaccine in girls may be as effective as three in young women, say researchers.
Two doses of the HPV vaccine may be effective as three.
Burnley midfielder Kevin McDonald has joined Notts County on loan until the end of the season.
Kevin McDonald has joined Notts County on loan.
Ambassador of Poland in Pakistan, Dr Andrzej Ananciz has said that trade linkages between Pakistan and Poland would further enhance with coming days, saying both the countries have already specify various sectors for agreements in this regard.
Trade linkages between Pakistan and Poland would enhance.
Clemson running back James Davis will be sidelined for the rest of spring practice with a shoulder injury.
Clemson running James Davis will be sidelined for the rest of spring practice.
Katie Holmes might be starting her own denim line, Star Magazine reports.
Katie Holmes might be starting her own denim line.
Olympic host city London won the International Association of Athletics Federations vote today 16-10 for the 2017 World Championships edging out Doha in the final hour.
London won vote for the 2017 World Championships edging out.
Auburn receiver Darvin Adams is skipping his senior season to enter the NFL draft.The school announced the latest departure Monday, following similar decisions by quarterback Cam Newton and defensive tackle Nick Fairley.
Darvin Adams is skipping his senior season.
University of Colorado students will build a tiny spacecraft to observe particles in space that should give scientists a better understanding of solar flares and their interaction with Earth's atmosphere, according to CU. The university's Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics and the aerospace engineering sciences department were awarded a grant of $840,000 over three years from the National Science Foundation for the project.
University of Colorado students will build a tiny spacecraft.
A Cincinnati Bengals cheerleader who also works as a school teacher in northern Kentucky is suing a gossip Web site for libel over a posting that she says falsely claims she was exposed to two venereal diseases.
A Cincinnati Bengals cheerleader is suing a gossip Web site for libel.
Amy Adams, Chris Cooper and Rashida Jones are all in talks to join Jason Segel in the as yet untitled new Muppet film, according to The Hollywood Reporter's Heat Vision blog.
Amy Adams, Chris Cooper are to join in the new Muppet film.
Apple has won a European sales ban against Samsung's Galaxy Tab 7.7, business magazine Wirtschaftswoche reported.
Apple has won a sales ban against Samsung's Galaxy Tab 7.7.
A 21-year-old Adventure Island water park employee died today after an apparent lightning strike, park officials said.
A Adventure Island employee died after an apparent lightning strike.
A man turned his mother's cremated ashes into jewellery for all of his family 20 years after she died.
A man turned his mother's ashes into jewellery.
A suicide attack has killed two police officers in southeastern Iran, Iran's satellite Press TV reported on Monday.
A suicide attack has killed two police officers in Iran, Iran's Press TV reported.
A man has died in police custody after allegedly setting himself on fire.
A man has died in police custody.
HIGH FUEL prices will pose a downside risk for Asia-Pacific sovereign ratings, according to a recent Standard \u0026 Poor's Ratings Services report, even as the situation is expected to have a moderate impact for the Philippines.
HIGH FUEL prices will pose a downside risk for Asia-Pacific sovereign ratings.
With his party bagging five out of 18 seats in Bihar Assembly by-polls, an elated RJD chief Lalu Prasad yesterday said the election results had shown that it was not possible to``finish'' him and he would return to Delhi.
It was not possible to finish.
under USA Today Sports Michael Annett has been released from a hospital after undergoing surgery to repair a fractured and dislocated sternum.
Under Michael Annett has been released from a hospital.
iYogi Inc., an India-based provider of remote technical support services, has raised $9.5 million in Series B funding.
IYogi Inc. has raised $ 9.5 million.
The Federal Aviation Administration said it's losing $30 million a day in taxes because Congress let the agency's revenue-raising authority expire.
The Federal Aviation Administration's losing $ 30 million a day.
Pete Wentz has revealed his new band offers him the chance to ``try something different''.
Pete Wentz has revealed his new band offers him.
HIBERNIAN manager Pat Fenlon admits that he has worked hard to turn Leigh Griffiths into a player who is not quite so likely to self-destruct.
Pat Fenlon has worked hard to turn Leigh Griffiths.
KIEFER Sutherland has been charged with assault after he surrendered to police amid claims he head-butted a fashion designer in a Manhattan nightclub.
KIEFER Sutherland has been charged with assault after he surrendered.
Katie Holmes canceled the first public appearance she was to make since filing for divorce from Tom Cruise.
Katie Holmes canceled the appearance.
A GREEN Party councillor is under fire after shooting animals dead in his back yard and posting the gruesome pictures on an online blog.
A councillor is under fire after shooting animals in his back yard.
Konya, Oct 13 India has slammed foreign intervention in any country aimed at disrupting national unity and territorial integrity, saying it stands steadfast to the basic principle of full sovereignty of states.
India has slammed foreign intervention in any country.
A former teenage beauty queen has been jailed for a year on a raft of offences, including a ``sham'' marriage to a Chinese man.
A beauty queen has been jailed, including a sham marriage.
Madonna is launching a clothing and accessories line for women and juniors called Material Girl at Macy's, starting Aug. 3.
Madonna is launching a clothing line for women called Material Girl at Macy 's.
Chandigarh, Apr 30 Haryana government plans to generate power from biodegradable waste such as kitchen waste, garden waste and horticulture waste.
Haryana government plans to generate power from waste.
It was probably inevitable, but on Tuesday, it became official: the Encyclopaedia Britannica is finally going out of print.
The Encyclopaedia Britannica is going out of print.
Australia said Monday that it would expel an official from the Israeli embassy, after finding that the Jewish state was behind fake Australian passports linked to the killing of a Hamas operative in Dubai.
Australia would expel an official from the Israeli embassy.
This is my take on the big picture and how I have been trying to act on it.
This is and how I have been trying to act.
Specialty finance company JG Wentworth Inc., of Bryn Mawr, raised $84 million from institutional investors during the 4th quarter, the company said today.
JG Wentworth Inc. raised $ 84 million.
A multi-million-dollar Sydney tobacco syndicate has gone up in smoke after police seized counterfeit cigarettes, loose leaf tobacco and enough hard cash to fill several rooms.
A tobacco syndicate has gone in smoke.
A visually impaired person Modou Saine expresses dislike to receiving alms, saying he prefers to starve rather than beg.
Modou Saine prefers to starve rather than beg.
The Indonesian government on Thursday sent humanitarian aid to Myanmar to help victims of Cyclone Nargis.
The Indonesian government sent humanitarian aid to Myanmar.
SafeHaven Humane Society will offer two dog training courses, puppy socialization and obedience level 1, beginning Monday, Nov. 14.
SafeHaven Humane Society will offer two dog training courses.
US and Iraqi forces have killed 14 gunmen in battles in eastern Baghdad, the US military said as several weeks of fighting with Shiite militiamen showed no sign of easing.
US and Iraqi forces have killed 14 gunmen.
Justin Bieber has cut his trademark hair and unveiled a new hairdo on Monday.
Justin Bieber has cut his trademark hair.
US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner suggested that he sees no reason for the dollar to sink further against the euro and the yen, saying these major currencies are ``roughly in alignment'', the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday.
Timothy Geithner suggested, saying these major currencies are roughly in alignment.
Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has warned ethnic tensions could tear Russia apart, saying he would toughen migration rules on reassuming the presidency and keep a tight rein on Russia's regions to prevent it following the Soviet Union into oblivion, APA reports quoting Reuters.
Vladimir Putin has warned ethnic tensions could tear Russia apart.
Chicago activated Dayan Viciedo from the disabled list after the left fielder missed three weeks with a strained oblique muscle.
Chicago activated Dayan Viciedo from the disabled list.
International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde brushes off talk of 'currency wars'.
Christine Lagarde brushes off talk of currency wars.
Indian Oil Corp, an Indian government -run oil firm, Wednesday won a legal battle against international oil trading company Trafigura, which has been asked to pay 310,000 pounds to the Indian PSU after its claim for USD 10 million damages was dismissed.
Indian Oil Corp won a legal battle against Trafigura.
In a move expected since the draft and expedited by his arrest a month ago, the Chargers today released strong safety Kevin Ellison.
The Chargers today released strong safety Kevin Ellison.
TOP-TIER firm Allens Arthur Robinson has appointed 12 new partners across Australia and in Vietnam.
Allens Arthur Robinson has appointed 12 partners.
Tahera Diamond Corporation announces today that it has received an extension to the previously announced stay period under the Companies' Creditors Arrangement Act, which was previously set to expire on January 23, 2009.
Tahera Diamond Corporation has received an extension to the announced stay period.
Three men in the early 20s are facing charges of robbery and uttering threats after an incident on Monday night in the 100 block of Wyse Road in Dartmouth.
Three men are facing charges of robbery threats.
Sharekhan has recommended `Buy` on Torrent Pharmaceuticals with a price target of Rs 640 as against the market price of Rs 545 in its report dated Oct. 26, 2010.
Sharekhan has recommended Buy on Torrent Pharmaceuticals.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are in danger of losing offensive coordinator Mike Sullivan again, as he will reportedly interview with the Chicago Bears for their head coaching position.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are in danger of losing Mike Sullivan, as he will interview with the Chicago Bears.
) Marilyn Monroe famously said, ``I believe that everything happens for a reason.''
Everything happens for a reason.
Huawei Technologies, the world's No.2 telecom gear maker, has denied using Chinese subsidies to gain global market share after it was accused by US lawmakers and EU officials of unfair competition.
Huawei Technologies has denied using Chinese subsidies.
Chinese search giant Baidu has confirmed rumors that it is developing a Google Glass like wearable technology product that is initially code-named 'Baidu Eye', but has stressed that no consumer launch is planned as yet.
Baidu has confirmed rumors it is developing a Google Glass like product.
Prometheus, poised to be one of the summer's biggest blockbusters, will likely receive and keep an R rating.
Prometheus will receive and keep an R rating.
An Easley man died Wednesday in a tragic tractor accident.
An Easley man died in a tractor accident.
Lt. Gov. Walter Dalton released his tax returns Friday, following the lead of his main Democratic opponent and continuing the pressure on Republican Pat McCrory to do the same.
Lt. Gov. Walter Dalton released his tax returns.
IceWEB, a company that offers online storage, said in a press release today that it will begin to support the iPhone and iPod Touch.
IceWEB will begin to support the iPhone and iPod Touch.
Jade Goody has been told she has only months to live, her publicist Max Clifford has said.
Jade Goody has months to live.
We need to enact term limits and campaign finance reform to give leaders the voice they need to tell us the truth-that we need to take some difficult, but not disastrous, steps to right our ship and restructure our national financial system.
We need to enact term limits and campaign finance reform.
A British soldier, from 101 Engineer Regiment, has been shot dead in southern Afghanistan.
A British soldier has been shot dead in Afghanistan.
A new phishing scam that uses the logos of the Banking Association SA and the SA Revenue Service has been uncovered, the association said on Thursday.
A new phishing scam has been uncovered.
Hollywood superstar Brad Pitt says when he arrived at Hollywood in the late 1980s he was told he couldn't act and should take acting classes.
Brad Pitt was told he couldn't act.
Southern Miss football coach Larry Fedora says freshman receiver DeAndre Brown will be allowed to play in a bowl game.
DeAndre Brown will be allowed to play in a bowl game.
The parliament's lower house speaker Sergei Naryshkin assumed at the Thursday Duma meeting that the Russian political system reform bills proposed by President Medvedev may be adopted as early as in February, even before the presidential elections.
The Russian political system reform bills may be adopted early as in February.
Christmas shoppers looking for a bargain have been warned over counterfeit goods which flood the market in the run-up to the festive season, the UK Border Agency has warned (07 December 2011).
Christmas shoppers have been warned over counterfeit goods.
A top North Korean finance official has been sacked following the country's disastrous currency revaluation.
A top North Korean finance official has been sacked.
Former Pakistan captain Wasim Akram has lashed out at maverick all-rounder Shahid Afridi for announcing retirement and wanting to come back in a whimsical manner.
Wasim Akram has lashed out at Shahid Afridi.
The body of an unidentified man was found hanging from a tree under the Bithoor police station late on Friday night.
The body was found hanging from a tree.
The Palestinian Authority and Hamas systematically abuse Palestinian journalists, according to a Human Rights Watch report released Wednesday.
The Palestinian Authority and Hamas systematically abuse Palestinian journalists.
An arms cache has been seized in Dalton, outside Pietermaritzburg, KwaZulu-Natal police said on Wednesday.
An arms cache has been seized in Dalton.
A correction officer was fatally shot during a possible robbery in Brooklyn this morning.The 40-year-old Duncan was assigned to central booking at the Manhattan Detention Complex in Lower Manhattan.
A correction officer was fatally shot.
Hong Kong on Sunday confirmed its third case of swine flu in a 23-year-old mainland Chinese student who flew to the territory from New York City.
Hong Kong confirmed its third case of swine flu.
Sri Lankan troops say they have overrun a key Tamil rebel base in the island's embattled north, killing 51 insurgents.
Sri Lankan troops say they have overrun a rebel base.
Ford Motor says it is recalling 465,000 cars due to a fuel leak that poses fire risks.
Ford Motor is recalling 465,000 cars due to a fuel leak.
This time so called 'insiders' have claimed that she and her cheating ex-husband Ashley have agreed to strengthen their recent reunion, by arranging regular date nights, making sure that their careers don't take precedence over their relationship any longer.
She and her Ashley have agreed to strengthen, by arranging regular date nights.
French carmaker PSA Peugeot Citroen on Wednesday announced net losses of 343 million euros for 2008, and chief executive Christian Streiff warned of more losses in 2009.
PSA Peugeot Citroen announced losses for 2008.
UK stocks pared losses, led by mining companies after Eurasian Natural Resources Corp. forecast a `strong' second half and base metals advanced.
UK stocks pared losses.
England star Kevin Pietersen retired from international limited overs cricket on Thursday, a decision which took the England and Wales Cricket Board by surprise.
Kevin Pietersen retired from limited overs cricket.
Three Notre Dame students were robbed at gunpoint in their off-campus home Thursday night and, according to one of the students, lost $3,000 worth of possessions.
Three students were robbed at gunpoint.
Irish broadcaster Setanta Sports has filed for bankruptcy protection, saying it will shortly cease broadcasting to customers in Britain after failing to make a number of payments to football organisations.
Setanta Sports has filed for bankruptcy protection.
Green \u0026 Black's, the premium chocolate brand owned by Cadbury, is launching its first billboard poster campaign in a bid to raise awareness of the brand outside of its South East heartland.
Green \u0026 Black's is launching its first billboard poster campaign.
SWITZERLAND'S president has said that officials considered using force to free two Swiss citizens held hostage in Libya for more than a year.
Officials considered using force to free two Swiss citizens held hostage.
China will launch a new round of reform to realize a good governance as the ruling Communist Party of China is planning the country's roadmap in the coming five years, scholars and political observers have said.
China will launch a round of reform.
The Carlisle volleyball team lost a match at Prairie City-Monroe, three games to one, on Aug. 30 to fall to 0-3 on the season.
The Carlisle volleyball team lost to fall to 0 3 on the season.
A woman was rushed to hospital in critical condition following a house fire Friday on Magnus Avenue in Winnipeg.
A woman was rushed in critical condition following a house fire.
A Lugoff woman says she plans to run as a Republican for the House seat being vacated by Rep. Bill Cotty.
A Lugoff woman says she plans to run for the House seat.
Beijing, July 27 China plans to build an economic zone in the country's central Henan province to boost development in the region, a media report said.
China plans to build an economic zone.
And, before recourse is taken to so desperate an expedient, it is advisable to examine can we buy cialis australia without prescription dead and learned languages, with the hope and the probability that we may there meet with some adequate expression of the notion we have in our minds.
It is can we buy cialis australia without prescription.
US country singer Mindy McCready has died of an apparent suicide aged 37, reports BBC news.
Mindy McCready has died of an apparent suicide.
The body of a 19 year old missing woman from the bay area was found this morning.
The body of a missing woman was found.
Manchester United are the most valuable franchise in sports, according to a study compiled by Forbes Magazine.
Manchester United are the most valuable franchise.
Qld economy supported by resource sector Updated: 16:26, Monday April 23, 2012 Queensland Premier Campbell Newman says a new report into Queensland's economy shows that only one leg of the chair is holding up the state and the Achilles' heel continues to be the housing sector.
Qld economy supported by resource sector Updated.
James Barrett, former Wyoming attorney general and the third judge from Wyoming to serve on the US Court of Appeals, died Monday at the Davis Hospice Center in Cheyenne.
James Barrett, former attorney general and the judge from Wyoming, died.
Ferrari's Brazilian driver Felipe Massa's love affair with the Formula One Turkish Grand Prix continued on Saturday as for the third successive year he took pole position.
He took pole position.
``Tony Blair has what it takes to become the EU's first president,'' Berlusconi said in a letter published in the conservative Italian daily Il Foglio.
Tony Blair has what it takes.
Star openside flanker Pocock, who will link up with the Canberra-based Brumbies this season following six years with Western Force, re-signed with the ARU through 2015.
Pocock re-signed with the ARU.
The Internet Crime Complaint Center recently released its 2012 Internet Crime Report (PDF file), which states that the IC3 received and processed 289,874 cyber crime complaints in 2012, an average of more than 24,000 complaints each month.
The IC3 received 289,874 cyber crime complaints in 2012.
Chandigarh girl Navneet Kaur Dhillon on Sunday won the Femina Miss India 2013 contest in a glittering grand finale of the 50th edition of the beauty pageant.
Chandigarh girl Navneet Kaur Dhillon won the Femina Miss India 2013 contest.
Midwest aluminum spot premiums rose to new highs this week, hitting 11 cents per pound as the contango on the London Metal Exchange continues to encourage traders to finance metal in warehouses, keeping supply tight.
Midwest aluminum premiums rose, hitting 11 cents.
TRIBUTES have been paid to a former MP who has died at the age of 76 after a battle with lung cancer.
TRIBUTES have been paid to a former MP.
Intel on Friday said it is researching technology to harvest free energy from the environment, which could lead to devices such as mobile phones running for indefinite periods without recharging.
Intel is researching to harvest free energy.
A Grand Junction firefighter fell through a floor while battling a large blaze Thursday morning.
A firefighter fell through a floor while battling a blaze.
Olympic Gold Quest is very proud to announce that it will be supporting Archers Rahul Banerjee and Tarundeep Rai.
Olympic Gold Quest will be supporting Archers Rahul Banerjee and Tarundeep Rai.
The White House reiterated its support for Illinois Democratic Senate candidate Alexi Giannoulias amidst GOP attacks on the candidate.
The White House reiterated its support for Alexi Giannoulias amidst GOP attacks.
College Football Hall of Fame coach Dave Maurer, who twice served as an assistant in the Coaches All-America Game in Lubbock, died Saturday at age 79.
Hall of coach Dave Maurer died at age 79.
Two Belarusian opposition candidates have demanded the cancelation of the country's presidential election results after ``Europe's last dictator,'' Alexander Lukashenko, won by a landslide in what observers describe as large-scale vote rigging.
Two Belarusian opposition candidates have demanded the cancelation of the country's election results.
Central government payments in April gave a surplus of SEK 23.3billion.
Central government payments gave.
Pakistan issued fresh flood warnings on Tuesday, braced for further chaos as the worst floods in generations hit 3.2 million people.
Pakistan issued fresh warnings, braced as the floods hit 3.2 million people.
Target Corp. has doubled its Canadian renovation budget, and could spend up to $2.3-billion to convert rundown Zellers stores into Target outlets in the next two years.
Target Corp. has doubled its Canadian renovation budget.
Oakland announced Tuesday that it will leave the Summit League and join the Horizon on July 1.
Oakland will leave and join the Horizon.
MY parents have treated me like an outcast since I got three points on my license.
MY parents have treated like an outcast.
President Obama said that he and his guests regulary go skeet shooting at Camp David and that gun control advocates should listen more to understand why so many Americans are cautious of government limits on firearms.
Obama said he go skeet shooting at Camp David.
``Prabakaran is in the south of the NFZ, taking cover among the civilians. My troops, the special forces, commandos and infantrymen are advancing towards the area to rescue the rest of the civilians. Prabakaran can't escape over the land route as my troops are effectively manning the defence lines. Prabakaran's only escape route is by sea,'' the Army chief told Asian Tribune, a news portal.
Prabakaran is, taking cover among the civilians, the Army chief told.
The Detroit Lions hired former Broncos general manager Brian Xanders for a front office job with their franchise.
The Detroit Lions hired Brian Xanders for a front office job.
Supporters of Islami Jamiat Talaba, a student wing of Pakistan religious and political party Jamaat-e-Islami, burn a US flag as they shout anti-American slogans during a protest in Lahore September 20, 2012.
Supporters of Islami Jamiat Talaba burn a US flag as they shout anti-American slogans during a protest in Lahore September 20, 2012.
Former Czech President Vaclav Havel was taken to hospital with a heart problem but is feeling well, Czech television reported on Sunday...
Czech President Vaclav Havel was taken to hospital.
Thomas J. Longo, one of the region's longest-serving mayors, announced Wednesday that he will not seek re-election this fall to the top job in this financially troubled inner-ring suburb.
Thomas J. Longo announced he will not seek re-election.
The World Bank on Thursday approved a $500 million interest-free loan for Pakistan to help stabilize the economy in the face of political and economic turmoil, and investor uncertainty.
The World Bank approved a $ 500 million loan for Pakistan.
At a ceremony in Cairo today, Egyptair officially became the 21st member of Star Alliance, adding 1,624 weekly flights to 69 destinations around the world to the global airline alliance.
Egyptair became the 21st member of Star Alliance.
Sugar prices recovered moderately at the Vashi Wholesale market here today on fresh demand from stockists and bulk traders amidst good retail buying.
Sugar prices recovered on fresh demand.
Conservative leader Stephen Harper strayed away Sunday from explaining why voters should trust him personally with the power of a majority government, preferring instead to put the focus on the success of his Tory party.
Why voters should trust.
Saab is offering a complimentary MoT to its car owners who book an Oil or Annual service during August or September, it has announced.
Saab is offering a complimentary MoT.
SRK misses working with Juhi Chawla and director Aziz Mirza with whom he teamed up in the initial days of his career.
SRK misses working with Juhi Chawla and Aziz Mirza.
Every other prostitute in Brussels is from the Bulgarian city of Sliven, according to an extensive article published in the Belgium daily ``Le Soir'', the Bulgaria Information Agency reported.
Every other prostitute in Brussels is from the Bulgarian city of Sliven the Bulgaria Information Agency reported.
Michael Walchhofer won the first men's downhill of the World Cup season, leading a strong Austrian showing on a day when Bode Miller finished eighth.
Michael Walchhofer won the first men's downhill.
Police in Laurel County say charges are expected in last week's deadly crash involving three vehicles.
Charges are expected in last week's crash.
STEC Technology Sdn Bhd expects to exceed RM250 million in total investment over the next few years, its chairman and chief executive officer Manouch Mosyahedi said today.
STEC Technology Sdn Bhd expects to exceed RM250 million in investment.
TalkTalk has said that it plans to launch a mobile handset ``proposition'' later in the year, and confirmed that it will soon expand its trial of the YouView TV set top box service.
TalkTalk plans to launch a mobile handset proposition later in the year.
American Greetings Corporation today announced its third quarter results for the fiscal quarter ended November 28, 2008..
American Greetings Corporation today announced its third quarter results.
Former Metropolitan Mayor of Caracas Juan Barreto has been charged with corruption over a scheme to fly airships equipped with cameras over the city to fight crime.
Mayor of Juan Barreto has been charged with corruption over a scheme to fly airships equipped with cameras.
Steve Miller will release his first DVD, and he's covering all the bases with it.
Steve Miller will release his first DVD.
Civil society activists Shanti Bhushan, Swami Agnivesh and Justice Santosh Hegde on Sunday criticised the police action to end the hunger strike of Baba Ramdev calling it an Emergency-like situation and demanding resignation of the Prime Minister.
Civil society activists, criticised the police action.
While she may be tight-lipped about rumored, former high-profile flames Lance Armstrong and Owen Wilson, actress Kate Hudson opens up about her ex-husband Chris Robinson in October's issue of Cosmopolitan, says USA Today.
Lance Armstrong, Kate Hudson opens up about her ex-husband Chris Robinson.
Paul Gascoigne has been rushed to hospital after a car crash in his home town of Newcastle.
Paul Gascoigne has been rushed to hospital after a car crash.
Reviyve, LLC, a personal care products e-company introduces a new foot care gift set, Favored Feet to women across the United States and Canada.
Reviyve a e-company introduces a new foot care gift set.
A two-day workshop titled Peace and Conflict Resolution for disseminating practical ideas for serenity concluded on Sunday.
A workshop titled Peace and Conflict Resolution concluded.
Voltage Security, a global leader in information encryption, announced today that it has joined the PCI Security Standards Council as a participating organization.
Voltage Security announced it has joined the PCI Security Standards Council.
Russia on Friday announced that it will invest $500 million in a Central Asian electricity project that will provide energy to Afghanistan, RIA Novosti news agency reported.
Russia will invest $ 500 million in a Central Asian electricity project.
A woman was beaten and robbed walking home from a bar Saturday morning, according to the Manatee County Sheriff's Office.
A woman was beaten and robbed.
Turkey is recalling its ambassador to the US following a resolution declaring the killing of Armenians by Ottoman Turks around the time of World War I to be genocide.
Turkey is recalling its ambassador to the US.
ALL Blacks captain Richie McCaw has been accused of breaking the rules ahead of Saturday's Test match with Wales.
ALL Blacks captain Richie McCaw has been accused of breaking the rules.
Former Baywatch star Pamela Anderson is reportedly being lined up for the next series of Strictly Come Dancing.
Pamela Anderson is being lined up for the series of Strictly Come Dancing.
North American potash inventories at producers fell sharply in April as long-delayed shipments to China resumed and demand for the crop nutrient within the United States rose during the spring planting season.
North American potash inventories fell.
A well known Database security engineer, Neil Martin has said that he expects Playstation Network will be online on Wednesday.
Playstation Network will be online on Wednesday.
Payday lenders are defending their business model as the Salt Lake City Council plans to restrict where they can operate.
Payday lenders are defending their business model.
Former ``ER'' star Julianna Margulies has given birth to a baby boy Us Magazine has confirmed.
Julianna Margulies has given birth to a baby boy.
COLUMBUS, Ohio Sidney Crosby left the Pittsburgh Penguins' 5-2 exhibition loss to the Columbus Blue Jackets early in the first period Thursday night because of a groin injury that the team said wasn't believed to be serious.
Sidney Crosby left because of a groin injury.
Cold conditions on Sunday continued to sweep most parts of Punjab and Haryana, with mercury hovering below the normal levels.
Cold conditions continued to sweep parts of Punjab and Haryana.
There is lot of potential in the aerospace sector, with the space service market likely to grow to USD 7-9 billion by 2015, a top official of Antrix Corporation has said.
There is lot, with the space service market likely to grow to USD 7 9 billion by 2015.
The Centre proposes to set up a National Knowledge network in the next five years at a cost of Rs 6,000 crore, Union IT and Communication Minister A Raja said.
The Centre proposes to set up a National Knowledge network.
​Former UCLA basketball coach John Wooden was hospitalized Thursday in ``grave'' condition according to KCAL 9 News.
UCLA basketball coach John Wooden was hospitalized in grave condition.
THE CANADIAN PRESS/Fred Chartrand Justin Trudeau beats Tory Sen. Patrick Brazeau in charity boxing match Liberal MP Justin Trudeau and Conservative Sen. Patrick Brazeau took the fight to each other Saturday night in a different sort of political arena.
Justin Trudeau beats Tory Sen. Patrick Brazeau in charity boxing match Liberal Justin Trudeau.
Thieves are increasingly targeting catalytic converters, which contain precious metals that can be sold for scrap.
Thieves are targeting catalytic converters.
Spark Capital has launched a seed funding program called Start@Spark.
Spark Capital has launched a seed funding program.
The Palestinian Nadi Al-Asir on Saturday said that a female Palestinian prisoner was seriously injured by Israeli prison guards.
A female Palestinian prisoner was injured by Israeli guards.
GORDON Brown was ``furious'' when he found out about the smear emails written by a key aide about top Tories, his spokesman said today amid renewed Tory pressure for an inquiry into the scandal.
GORDON Brown was furious he found out about the smear emails, his spokesman said.
The French soccer federation and Ligue 1 side Girondins Bordeaux have reached an agreement that will see Laurent Blanc become the next France coach.
Laurent Blanc become the next France coach.
White House Spokeswoman Dana Perino says President Bush is disappointed by the sharp rise in the US unemployment rate to 6.1 percent.
Bush is disappointed by the rise in the unemployment rate.
Taiwan's Asustek Computer will release a tablet PC in Japan, reports The Nikkei.
Taiwan's Asustek Computer will release a tablet PC in Japan.
The Diamondbacks managing partner Ken Kendrick whom went on a radio show and ripped Stephen Drew and Justin Upton in a stunning move.
The Diamondbacks managing Ken Kendrick whom went and ripped Stephen Drew and Justin Upton.
Several moderate aftershocks were registered in Italy overnight to Wednesday.
Several moderate aftershocks were registered in Italy.
What's cooking at Nintendo's, one might ask.
What's cooking at Nintendo.
IBM laid off 180 people today, confirming rumors that have swirled around the Essex Junction plant for weeks.
IBM laid off 180 people.
David Cameron today attacked Labour on national insurance, arguing that an ``emergency budget'' would be required if the Conservatives were elected.
David Cameron today attacked Labour on national insurance.
Graham Napier, the Essex allrounder, will play for Central Districts in New Zealand's domestic Twenty20 and one-day competitions.
Graham Napier will play for Central Districts.
Aretha Franklin got help from more than 100 of her friends, including Tony Bennett, Smokey Robinson, Bette Midler and Gayle King, to celebrate her 69th birthday on Friday.
Aretha Franklin got to celebrate her 69th birthday.
Demi Lovato is a great actress and recently was her birthday.Demi Lovato proved once again that she is a great person and she surprised her family at her birthday.Demi Lovato bought a house for her parents.Demi Lovato expired on August 20 of age and although generally tradition that the birthday is the one who receives gifts, Disney actress who was also decided to surprise the family with presents.
Demi Lovato is and was and she surprised her family.
Nanoengineers have invented a new biomaterial designed for repairing damaged human tissue, and it closely mimics the properties of native human tissue.
Nanoengineers have invented a biomaterial, and it closely mimics the properties of human tissue.
Kansas State Wildcats defensive end Meshak Williams earned the Big 12 Defensive Player of the Week honor after helping his team to a victory against the TCU Horned Frogs.
Defensive end Meshak Williams earned the Big 12 Player of the Week honor.
Andrew Whitaker, who took up the position in January, says the school is on the right track to continue the progress made in recent months and address the areas of concern raised by the education watchdog.
The school is on the right track.
AskMeNow Inc., a pioneer and innovator in mobile information access technology, today announces it will open up its mobile platform to publishers.
AskMeNow Inc. will open up its mobile platform to publishers.
``Ciego de Ávila province will keep its economic growth, in spite of the damages caused by hurricane Ike'', assured Jorge Luis Tapia Fonseca, First Secretary of the Communist Party of Cuba in the territory.
Ciego de Ávila province will keep its economic growth.
Apr. 28, 2008 10:15 AM 'Hannah Montana' star Miley Cyrus has issued an apology after posing for a racy photo shoot.
Miley Cyrus has issued an apology after posing for a photo shoot.
5 climbers feared dead on world's 3rd highest peak Five climbers including two Hungarians and a South Korean are missing on the world's third-highest mountain and feared dead, a mountaineering official said Friday.
5 climbers feared dead on world's 3rd highest peak.
Japanese electronics and media industry giant Sony has launched a corporate university campus in Singapore, the first outside Japan, local paper the Straits Times reported on Thursday.
Sony has launched a corporate university campus in Singapore.
SingTel has been fined $40,000 for selling sex games for mobile phones, with some featuring rape and bestiality themes.
SingTel has been fined for selling sex games.
A woman was shot in the head in West Oakland and was in critical condition Monday afternoon, Pittsburgh police said.
A woman was shot in the head in West Oakland.
Tea Partiers are boiling up the Primaries, with less than two weeks until the final count.
Tea Partiers are boiling up the Primaries.
Excessively high levels of cesium-137 have been found in wild mushrooms growing in the Homyel region, the press office of the regional department of the National Center of Hygiene, Epidemiology and Public Health said on Thursday.
Excessively high levels of cesium-137 have been found in wild mushrooms growing in the Homyel region.
EPA announces $569M for water upgrades in NY, NJ New York and New Jersey communities hit by Superstorm Sandy will get $569 million for improvements to sewage treatment and drinking water facilities, the federal Environmental Protection Agency said Thursday.
EPA announces $ 569M for water upgrades in NY, NJ New York.
In a bid to spread awareness among school children about the applications of renewable energy sources, the Haryana government has introduced solar education kits in its senior secondary schools.
The Haryana government has introduced solar education kits in its schools.
Yevgeny Plushenko, the 2006 Olympic champion, will undergo another knee surgery to overcome his latest injury setback and plans to return to competitive figure skating fully fit next season.
Yevgeny Plushenko will undergo another knee surgery.
Mount Police are praising the heroic efforts of three surfers after they saved 3 children from the same family this afternoon.
Mount Police are praising the heroic efforts of three surfers.
Research into exactly when a former county road was abandoned in Ford River Township continues, according to Rob VanEffen, managing director of the Delta County Road Commission.
Research into a county road was abandoned in Ford River Township continues.
In an attempt to discourage one of the fastest-growing practices in online poker, Bodog has announced that they will be blocking data mining services from being used in their poker room.
Bodog will be blocking data mining services.
Innovative Farmers of Ohio is hosting six family-friendly farm tours this summer featuring entrepreneurial farmers who are using sustainable production methods and a variety of marketing techniques to deliver their products to neighboring consumers.
Innovative Farmers of Ohio is hosting six farm tours.
The AJC reports that Atlanta-based Home Depot will try to sell some its excess parking spaces at vacant stores nationwide.
Home Depot will try to sell some its excess parking spaces.
Jacoby Ellsbury said in the Red Sox clubhouse late Tuesday night he expected to be activated on Wednesday.
Jacoby Ellsbury expected to be activated on Wednesday.
Citigroup has upgraded its rating and price target on Maruti to a 'buy' and Rs 1,542 from Rs 1,079 earlier, as it expects the Indian car market to resume growth at the trend rate of 12-15% over 2009-10 to 2011-12.
Citigroup has upgraded its rating on Maruti to a buy.
Australia's Parliament House gift shop trashed 200 Barack Obama commemorative mugs -- though not because the president has twice canceled visits.
Australia's Parliament House shop trashed 200 Barack Obama mugs.
Colin Farrell calls giving up alcohol and a 60-a-day cigarette habit the best decision he's ever made, NME reports.
Colin Farrell calls giving up alcohol the best decision he's made.
Private insurer HDFC Life today said it has augmented its online channel with the launch of 'HDFC Life Click2Protect' - an an online term insurance plan.
HDFC Life has augmented with the launch - an an online term insurance plan.
Indonesia lifted tsunami warning after strong quake of 7.0 rocked Sumatra province on Tuesday morning, no report of damages or casualty, the meteorology and disaster management agency said here.
Indonesia lifted tsunami warning after strong quake.
Retrophin, LLC, a private biotechnology company focused on discovering and developing treatments for rare and life-threatening diseases, has entered a sponsored research agreement with St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.
Retrophin focused, has entered a sponsored agreement with St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.
US diginet BBC America has acquired romantic sitcom Not Going Out from UK indie Avalon.
BBC America has acquired sitcom Not Going Out.
A PREDATORY paedophile who repeatedly raped and sexually abused a four-year-old boy has been jailed for 18 years.
A paedophile has been jailed for 18 years.
A Thornton man has been sentenced to up to 12 years in prison for a crash that killed three motorcyclists from Indiana during Motorcycle Week in 2006.
A Thornton man has been sentenced for a crash that killed three motorcyclists.
Qgiv, a leader in online giving, has launched a new social fundraising platform, Hobnob - a fully featured registration and fundraising website for pledge-based special events, making it ideal for any event or campaign requiring individual and team fundraising capabilities.
Qgiv has launched a new social fundraising platform.
CLEE Hill crashed to a 10-8 home defeat to Essington in the Midlands Junior Vase first round.
CLEE Hill crashed to a home defeat to Essington.
Allstate has been ordered to cut its car insurance rates by nearly 16 percent in California.
Allstate has been ordered to cut its car insurance rates in California.
WASHINGTON ― Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer says she and President Barack Obama have agreed to try to work together on a solution to the nation's immigration and border security woes.
Jan Brewer says she and Barack Obama have agreed to try to work together.
The Pension Reform Task Team has declared that it would not be blackmailed in its task of reforming the police pension administration, just as it revealed that they were offered billions of Naira by officials of the police pension office in order to cover up the endemic rot and corruption allegedly perpetuated by the office.
The Pension Reform Task Team would not be blackmailed.
India's soft power remains its biggest strength in being a global leader but strict visa rules has dented the country's image abroad, writes former union minister of state for external affairs Shashi Tharoor in his new book.
India's soft power remains its strength.
Jens Lehmann has admitted he could retire at the end of the season if no club offers him the chance of playing regular soccer next season.
Jens Lehmann could retire at the end of the season.
Britain will create the world's largest marine reserve by banning fishing around the UK-owned archipelago in the Indian Ocean - a cluster of 55 islands across about a quarter of a million square miles of ocean.
Britain will create the world's largest marine reserve.
Mowbray school parents will be sued Updated: 21:18, Wednesday June 6, 2012 The administrator in charge of Mowbray College says unpaid fees was one of the reasons the school collapsed and he would be recovering those fees.
Mowbray school parents will be sued, says.
Anyone traveling with printers out there be warned, the TSA has introduced a new ban that's effective immediately.
The TSA has introduced a new ban.
Funeral under way for unarmed driver shot by NYPD His commander says an Army National Guard member shot to death by police was a great team member.
Funeral under way for unarmed driver shot by NYPD.
Two people were injured in a multi-vehicle crash this evening in Palm Desert, according to Cal Fire.
Two people were injured in a multi-vehicle crash.
Facebook is widely expected to file paperwork for an IPO today, but the size may be much smaller than original reports indicated.
Facebook is expected to file for an IPO today.
A deputy constable was killed in a traffic accident while escorting a funeral processionDeputy Constable David Joubert, 60, was performing a police-related function, as a motorcycle funeral escort on Saturday afternoon.
A deputy constable was killed in a traffic accident.
The Mets acquired outfielder Angel Pagan on Saturday from the Chicago Cubs in exchange for a pair of minor leaguers.
The Mets acquired Angel Pagan from the Chicago Cubs.
A viral disease is killing deer along the Platte River and possibly over a much wider area, according to the Nebraska Game and Parks Commission.
A viral disease is killing deer along the Platte River.
Online payments provider PayPal will gain access to millions of physical stores in the United States under an agreement with Discover Financial Services.
PayPal will gain access to millions of physical stores.
A man is in the hospital after police say he was stabbed several times Thursday night in Millville.
A man is in the hospital after police say he was stabbed several times.
Yahoo today launched user-created hyperlocal news sites in Royal Oak, Ferndale and Birmingham as part of a 30-city national test.
Yahoo today launched news sites in Royal Oak, Ferndale and Birmingham.
SUFFOLK is on course to become the greenest county in the UK, according to environment chiefs.
SUFFOLK is course to become the greenest county in the UK.
Multi-trade shipowner Safmarine has started a regular, multi-purpose vessel service between Asia and West Africa, which it believed would benefit from a number of infrastructure projects that were under way in West Africa, it announced this week.
Safmarine has started a, multi-purpose service between Asia and West Africa it announced.
A Payson man was killed Saturday when a powered parachute he was piloting crashed, police say.
A Payson man was killed a powered parachute crashed.
Renaissance Learning Inc., the Wisconsin Rapids-based provider of educational aids, will raise its quarterly dividend by 14%, to 8 cents a share from 7 cents.
Renaissance Learning Inc. will raise its dividend.
Three Fianna Fáil members in the North Offaly area, including one town councillor, have resigned from the party this week and will now run in this year's local elections as independent candidates.
Three Fianna Fáil members have resigned and will run as independent candidates.
Crude slips below the USD 75 mark as weak US data fueled worries that the economic recovery is stalling, deepening concerns about demand in the world's biggest oil consumer.
Crude slips below the USD 75 mark as weak US data fueled.
A Schenectady woman was charged with her 9th DWI after she struck a telephone pole while drunk driving in Scotia Wednesday.
A woman was charged with her 9th DWI.
Alberto Puente, ASSOCIATED PRESS Real Salt Lake announced Wednesday that it has acquired forward Joao Plata from Toronto FC.
Real Salt Lake has acquired Joao Plata from Toronto FC.
Delta Air Lines today announced it is adding more flights between New York City and key global business markets this year, with nearly 30 cities slated for new or expanded service by fall.
Delta Air Lines is adding flights between New York City and key business markets.
The government is studying proposals to extend the 43km Light Rail Transit line between Kota Damansara and Cheras to Sungai Buloh and Kajang, the Dewan Rakyat was told today.
The government is studying proposals to extend the Light Rail Transit line to Sungai Buloh.
AIADMK workers in the district today threatened to form suicide squads to protect party chief Jayalalithaa if police failed to nab those who reportedly issued a threat to her life.
AIADMK workers today threatened to form suicide squads to protect Jayalalithaa.
Early termination of clinical trials may overestimate treatment effects, according to the results of a systematic review and meta-regression analysis reported in the March 24/31 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.
Early termination of clinical trials may overestimate treatment effects.
Two Ghanaians who have been stranded in Israel since last year are living in squalid conditions, the Haaretz, an Israeli online publication has reported.
Two Ghanaians who have been stranded in Israel are living in squalid conditions.
At the recent National Worship Leaders Conference, Irish songwriter Keith Getty began his workshop by telling those who had come to learn how to write a great worship song to leave.
How to write a great worship song.
Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has said that service to people is the one and only mission of his life.
Service to people is the one and only mission.
Bollywood actress Minissha Lamba says she felt like a princess as she walked the ramp for fashion designer Ranna Gill on the concluding day of Wills Lifestyle India Fashion Week on Monday.
Minissha Lamba felt like a princess as she walked the ramp.
Christina Applegate \u0026 fiance Martyn LeNobleActress Christina Applegate and her fiance and musician Martyn LeNoble welcomed their brand new baby girl on Thursday, January 27 in Los Angeles.
Christina Applegate welcomed their baby girl.
Calvin Harris has broken the UK chart record for the most top ten singles released from one album.
Calvin Harris has broken the UK chart record.
Microsoft is now taking a u-turn on its decision not to go the brick-and-mortar retail store route nearly a decade ago and is now planning to hit the high street again with 75 new retail stores across America over the next 3 years.
Microsoft is taking and is planning to hit with 75 new retail stores over the next 3 years.
India has asked sugar mills to register for unrestricted sugar exports from Monday, a government statement said, a step that could help mills make timely payment to cane growers by taking advantage of the current high global prices.
India has asked sugar mills to register for exports.
An Arcadia man accidentally shot himself in the finger Wednesday night during a failed attempt to clean his gun.
An Arcadia man accidentally shot in the finger.
Fall Out Boy rocker PETE WENTZ and wife Ashlee Simpson-WENTZ are eyeing a dream move to France to escape the paparazzi.
PETE WENTZ and Ashlee Simpson-WENTZ are eyeing a move to France.
The widow of a tire store owner stabbed to death by a former employee says she and her family were alarmed to learn the killer had escaped a western Maryland prison.
The killer had escaped a Maryland prison.
A woman was hit by a flying bollard after a car careened on to the footpath from a parking spot in central Tauranga at lunchtime on Monday.
A woman was hit by a flying bollard.
US Forest Service firewood permits now are on sale for the Lake Tahoe Basin through Oct. 30, according to a statement from the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit.
Firewood permits now are on sale.
Pride stopped a Taverham man from seeking help for his problems, according to neighbours who yesterday attended an inquest into his death.
Pride stopped a man from seeking help.
In his most famous pearl of coaching wisdom, Chubbs was trying to help Gilmore with his putting by telling him, ``it's all in the hips, it's all in the hips.''
It's all in the hips.
Fullback Mils Muliaina will play his 100th test for the All Blacks on Sunday after being named to start in the World Cup quarter final against Argentina.
Mils Muliaina will play his 100th test.
Today rock band Dr. Dog released 2012 North American headlining tour dates in support of their upcoming album, Be The Void.
Dr. Dog released 2012 headlining tour dates.
When I was a kid, I used to call ``do overs.''
A kid used to call do overs.
As expected, Duke beat Elon 76-54.
Duke beat Elon 76 54.
A new ``paper computer'' developed by a Queen's University researcher could revolutionize the way people use their electronic devices.
A paper computer could revolutionize the way people use their electronic devices.
Stacey Tadd of Bath University conquered the Women's 200m breaststroke semi-final on day five of the 2012 British Gas Swimming Championships at the London Aquatics Centre on Wednesday, March 7.
Stacey Tadd conquered the Women's 200m breaststroke semi-final.
Nevado del Ruiz volcano spews volcanic ash during an eruption in this handout photograph taken June 30, 2012.
Nevado del Ruiz volcano spews volcanic ash during an eruption.
A NEW Union Street charity helps the needy as well as recycling around 250 tons of furniture a year.
A NEW Union Street charity helps the needy.
Weeks ago it was suggested that Charter Communications, the fourth largest cable provider, would file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy or Chapter 7 liquidation.
Charter Communications would file for bankruptcy.
Lesbian musician Sue Dunlop will be farewelled in Wellington tomorrow, after losing a short battle with cancer.
Musician Sue Dunlop will be farewelled in Wellington.
A violent offender wanted on a Canada-wide warrant has been arrested in New Brunswick.
A violent offender has been arrested in New Brunswick.
Kanpur, Dec 20 The Reserve Bank today said that it could introduce Rs 10 coin after two years.
Reserve Bank could introduce Rs 10 coin after two years.
A federal grand jury in Tyler returned several indictments this week, including one for a man who allegedly possessed 8.5 kilograms of marijuana during a traffic stop.
A federal grand jury returned indictments.
Leisure airline Monarch is launching a host of new flights this May from Birmingham, Gatwick, Luton and Manchester airports, with new services to Bodrum and Corfu taking to the skies.
Monarch is launching a host of new flights this May.
Mountain molasses stack cake is seen in this April 25, 2010 photo.
Mountain molasses stack cake is seen.
In a surprise move, long-time Senators captain Daniel Alfredsson is leaving Ottawa for the Detroit Red Wings.
Daniel Alfredsson is leaving Ottawa.
Talisman Energy Inc. today declared a semi-annual dividend of 11 and one-quarter cents Canadian per share on the Company's common shares.
Talisman Energy Inc. today declared a semi-annual dividend.
Polls began closing in Zimbabwe on Saturday after voters cast ballots for parliament and president with incumbent Robert Mugabe battling to extend his near three-decades rule.
Polls began closing in Zimbabwe.
Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani faces the prospect of being disqualified as an MP for five years after Pakistan's Supreme Court ruled today that he ``wilfully, deliberately and persistently'' defied the highest court and brought the judiciary into ``ridicule''.
Yousuf Raza Gilani faces the prospect of being disqualified as an MP for five years.
Bertram Yacht has warned the state of Florida of 86 possible layoffs, as a result of the company's relocation to Merritt Island in Brevard County.
Bertram Yacht has warned the state of 86 possible layoffs.
Noel Gallagher has released his much anticipated debut solo song.
Noel Gallagher has released his debut solo song.
Kindred Healthcare has opened a 50-bed long-term care hospital in Springfield, Ill, its sixth in the state.
Kindred Healthcare has opened a hospital in Springfield, Ill.
By popular demand, multi-award winning musical legend Van Morrison returns to California for ``Astral Weeks Live'' at the Berkeley's University of California, Greek Theatre on May 2 and 3, and at the intimate Orpheum Theatre in downtown Los Angeles on May 7, 8 \u0026 9.
Musical legend Van Morrison returns to California.
The first phase of Bihar assembly elections began on Thursday amid tight security in 47 constituencies across the Kosi-Seemanchal and Mithilanchal belts.
The phase of Bihar elections began amid tight security.
The seafood industry has warned of job losses and company collapses from the high New Zealand dollar.
The seafood industry has warned of job losses from the high dollar.
Miley Cyrus to shoot music video for ``Who Owns My Heart'', next single from ``Can't Be Tamed'' album.
Miley Cyrus to shoot music video for Who Owns My Heart.
Sweden raised its terrorism threat level on Friday based on a classified intelligence assessment, but authorities said an attack was not imminent and the threat was still low compared to other European countries.
Sweden raised its terrorism threat level.
Islamabad, Feb 21 In yet another about-turn on the Mumbai terror strikes, a Pakistani minister said Saturday that Ajmal Amir Kasab, the lone gunman captured alive during the mayhem, could be tried in India, where he had committed the crime and from where he could not be extradited.
Ajmal Amir Kasab could be tried in India.
A 3D printing technique that produces clusters of stem cells could speed up progress towards the creation of artificial organs, scientists claim.
A 3D printing technique could speed up progress towards the creation of artificial organs.
The PPP leader said that previous government has took every possible action to organise fair and free election in Pakistan, however, the election results are incomprehensible.
The election results are incomprehensible.
A Libyan oil expert predi cts that oil will for a long time remain the main source of energy in the world and that the global economy wi ll for years depend on its exploitation.
Oil will remain the source of energy.
An Afghan guard opened fire and shot dead two NATO troops accompanying a reconstruction convoy traveling in a northern province today.
An Afghan guard opened and shot dead two NATO troops.
An armed robber woke a Bradenton woman this morning.
An armed robber woke a Bradenton woman.
A woman's request to use a bathroom turned into a robbery Wednesday morning at an Amarillo apartment.
A woman's request to use a bathroom turned into a robbery.
Jessica Alba pregnancy seems to be creating a havoc in her love life, for the actress keeps throwing fiancee Cash Warren out of their new home.
Jessica Alba pregnancy seems to be creating a havoc in her love life for.
Justin Bieber has said that he is a regular teenager, who loves driving and gets embarrassed at the mention of girls.
Justin Bieber has said he is a regular teenager.
A rare Ferrari sports car crashed into a saltwater lake in Canada after the driver lost control of the high speed car during a race.
A Ferrari sports car crashed into a lake in Canada.
Japanese share prices will likely seesaw next week as investors look to US earnings reports and Congress testimony by US Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke, market analysts say.
Japanese share prices will seesaw next week, analysts say.
Record numbers of Chicago area residents are riding free on mass transit.
Record numbers are riding free on mass transit.
Yemeni Jews have condemned the recent Israeli massacres in the Gaza strip, saying what is happening in the strip is denied by all religions.
Yemeni Jews have condemned the Israeli massacres in the Gaza strip.
Australian Treasurer Wayne Swan said Tuesday that official interest rates are still low by historical standards.
Australian Treasurer Wayne Swan said interest rates are low by historical standards.
Senator Chuck Grassley released the following statement after Beef Products Inc. announced it would close permanently its three plants in Waterloo, IA;
Beef Products Inc. would close its three plants.
New mutual funds are hitting the market all the time.
Mutual funds are hitting the market.
Compass Group has reported a slowdown in the decline of revenue growth in its UK and Ireland business.
Compass Group has reported a slowdown in the decline of revenue growth.
Mack Trucks and its parent, Volvo, agreed to pay $525 million to settle a class-action lawsuit filed by more than 9,300 retirees of the North Carolina truck maker after they challenged potential reductions to their lifetime health benefits.
Mack Trucks agreed to pay $ 525 million to settle a lawsuit.
World No. 1 Serena Williams, sidelined since winning the Australian Open, said she'll play in next month's Italian Masters in Rome.
Serena Williams 'll play in next month's Italian Masters.
Colombian President Alvaro Uribe accused Venezuela's Hugo Chavez of backing genocide and said he would denounce him in international court as a diplomatic and military crisis gripped the oil-rich Andean region.
Alvaro Uribe would denounce Venezuela's Hugo Chavez in court.
Even though Senior White House Adviser David Axelrod contends that Republicans will win seats in the November elections, he still wasn't willing to budge Sunday on bipartisanship or extending all of the Bush-era tax cuts.
David Axelrod wasn't willing to budge.
The trial of a mother accused of killing her 7 year old son before setting fire to his body to 'disguise what had happened' has begun at Cardiff Crown Court.
The trial of a mother accused of killing her son has begun.
Buffalo Sabres captain Jason Pominville has been voted the team's Masterton Trophy candidate for best exemplifying the qualities of perseverance, sportsmanship and dedication to hockey.
Buffalo Sabres captain Jason Pominville has been voted the team's Masterton Trophy candidate.
Two Israeli policemen were shot dead in the occupied West Bank on Sunday, and Israeli police said they suspected a Palestinian attack.
Two Israeli policemen were shot dead in the West Bank.
Two men killed in a small plane crash near Chickasha Friday night were small business owners who were active in their community, family members said.
Two men killed in a small plane crash near Chickasha were.
Shell Oil agreed to pay the government $2.2 million to settle claims it knowingly underpaid royalties for natural gas production, the Justice Department said.
Shell Oil agreed to pay $ 2.2 million to settle claims.
Apple Inc. has unveiled its hotly anticipated iPhone 5, the thinnest, lightest mobile device the Cupertino computer maker has introduced to date, with a bigger screen and the capability of downloading at up to 100 megabits per second, according to Wired.
Apple Inc. has unveiled its iPhone 5.
A 19-year-old Granite Shoals man is facing charges of injury to a 14-month old child.
A man is facing charges of injury to a child.
The United Way of the Central and South Okanagan/Similkameen announced their 2011 Campaign goals Tuesday morning.
The United Way / announced their 2011 goals.
Angelina Jolie has written an article for The DailyBeast.com in support of Malala Yousafzai, the 14-year-old Pakistani girl shot and wounded by Taliban gunmen for speaking up for girls' education.
Angelina Jolie has written in support of Malala Yousafzai.
A TOTAL of 34 streets in Cambridgeshire will be closed at the end of April for royal wedding street parties.
A TOTAL will be closed for wedding street parties.
Two popular supplements taken by millions of people around the world to combat joint pain, do not work, finds research published in the British Medical Journal today.
Two popular supplements taken to combat joint pain, do not work.
Bill Cosby was honored with the Marian Anderson Award at the Kimmel Center on April 7.
Bill Cosby was honored with the Marian Anderson Award.
The term of the Liberhan Ayodhya Commission of inquiry has been extended by three months up to 30th September.
The term of the Liberhan Ayodhya Commission of inquiry has been extended by three months.
A CANNABIS factory in Brookmans Park, near Potters Bar, was raided by police last week.
A CANNABIS factory was raided.
The International Olympic Committee has announced that it would ban the possession of syringes outside medical areas at the 2012 Olympic Games to prevent doping by athletes.
The International Olympic Committee would ban the possession of syringes at the 2012 Olympic Games to prevent doping by athletes.
Another Microsoft bigwig has jumped off the rapidly sinking ship.
Another Microsoft bigwig has jumped off the ship.
A MAN whose family said he was a drug pusher was shot dead in Sea Lots, Port of Spain, yesterday.
A drug pusher was shot dead.
Nick Swisher said Wednesday that he's lost 11 pounds since spring training by doing cardio work in addition to lifting weights.
Nick Swisher's lost 11 pounds since spring training.
STERLING fell to a four week low against the euro on Thursday as investors became optimistic over progress in Greek debt talks and concerned over UK economic weakness.
STERLING fell to a four week low against the euro on Thursday.
The BBMP on Tuesday submitted in the High Court that it had decided to withdraw the short-term tender notification on transportation and collection of garbage in the city, issued recently.
The BBMP had decided to withdraw the tender notification.
Ireland is to issue its first new benchmark 10-year bond since its EU/IMF bailout in the ``near future'', its debt agency said on Tuesday, a landmark on its route to becoming the first bailed-out euro zone country return to full market funding.
Ireland is to issue its first new benchmark bond since its bailout.
KNIA/KRLS radio reported Friday that a former church leader in Pella has been arrested and charged with sexual exploitation.
A former church leader has been arrested and charged with sexual exploitation.
Sian Massey, the referee at the centre of a sexism row earlier this year, will not be getting an apology from Cardiff City football player Kevin McNaughton after he accidentally floored her during his team's defeat by Middlesbrough on Monday.
Sian Massey will not be getting an apology after Kevin McNaughton floored her.
As recently as Sunday, Al Golden had reiterated that he had not been contacted by Cincinnati and was trying to focus the Team on preparing for UCLA and the Eagle Bank Bowl.
Al Golden had reiterated he had not been contacted by Cincinnati.
Justin Forsett got some early work for the Texans, carrying the ball four times for 19 yards on their second drive of the game.
Justin Forsett got some early work for the Texans.
Military reservists are wearing their uniforms to work to highlight the role that they play in the UK's armed forces.
Military reservists are wearing their uniforms to work.
A dog died in a house fire Wednesday afternoon in the 600 block of Amherst Avenue.
A dog died in a house fire.
A US archaeologist has said that the collapse of the Mayan civilization was due to environmental damage caused by deforestation and damage to the agricultural system.
The collapse of the Mayan civilization was due to environmental damage.
AMB Property Corporation®, a leading owner, operator and developer of global industrial real estate, today announced it intends to offer 12 million shares of its common stock in a registered offering.
AMB Property Corporation ® intends to offer 12 million shares of its common stock.
BarcodeScannersStore.com is offering free demos of popular barcode scanners enabling customers to test the scanner before they purchase it for their specific industry needs.
BarcodeScannersStore.com is offering free demos of popular barcode scanners.
Ukraine is to reap a record corn harvest of 19 million metric tons, agriculture researcher APK- Inform said.
Ukraine is to reap a record corn harvest of 19 million tons, APK - Inform said.
Penn State has named David M. Joyner, a member of the board of trustees for over 10 years, as their acting athletic director, effective immediately according to reports.
Penn State has named David M. Joyner as their acting athletic director.
Australian adventurers James Castrission and Justin Jones have reached the South Pole, and are making their way back across the continent to the Antarctic coast.
Australian adventurers have reached the South Pole.
The Teshie water board which would manage the distribution of water supply by Aqua Vitens Rand Limited was on Tuesday inaugurated in Accra.
The Teshie water board was inaugurated.
Amy Winehouse looks set to debut new material at her comeback gigs in Brazil this month.
Amy Winehouse looks set to debut new material this month.
Some officers of the Riau Police seized illegal logs on Dakal River in Pulau Padang area, Merbau sub district, Meranti district, Riau province, Indonesia, on Tuesday.
Some officers seized illegal logs.
As the global recession settles in, the price of crude oil is expected to push much lower.
The price of oil is expected to push much lower.
Four suspected cases of swine flu have been reported in St. Barths, the Préfecture disclosed on Tuesday.
Four suspected cases of swine flu have been reported in St. Barths.
Toyota announced over the weekend that it plans to recall about 160,000 Tacoma mid-size pickup trucks due to an issue that could result in the spare tire falling off.
Toyota plans to recall about 160,000 Tacoma pickup trucks.
Despite the delay in advance of the monsoon, India is expected to get more rains this season than earlier predicted by the weather office.
India is expected to get more rains than earlier predicted.
Primary school catchment areas on the Isle of Wight could be scrapped and children given priority places at their sibling's school in plans to overhaul the admissions system.
School catchment areas could be scrapped.
London, Sep 2 Hollywood star Keanu Reeves is set to produce and act in a romantic comedy titled 'Henry's Crime'.
Keanu Reeves is set to produce and act in a romantic comedy.
French President Nicolas Sarkozy warned Thursday of a possible explosion of the European bloc unless decisive measures can be taken in the coming weeks, APA reports.
Nicolas Sarkozy warned of a possible explosion of the European bloc.
Hong Kong has banned egg imports from Cambodia due to the country's recent avian influenza outbreak, which claimed four lives last month.
Hong Kong has banned egg imports from Cambodia.
Two Mexican airlines have canceled 11 routes to low-profit destinations this year, due to rising fuel costs.
Two Mexican airlines have canceled 11 routes, due to rising fuel costs.
UNICEF (United Nations agency for children) said that, Serbian tennis superstar Novak Djokovic has donated $100 000 to UNICEF's Serbian chapter.
UNICEF said, Novak Djokovic has donated.
North Korea warned yesterday of ``merciless'' measures against South Korea for referring the sinking of a warship to the UN Security Council.
North Korea warned yesterday of merciless measures.
Former NASCAR driver Shane Hmiel was critically injured in a crash while qualifying for a USAC race.
Former NASCAR driver Shane Hmiel was critically injured.
Jamaicans Gareth Henry and Chadwick Parks will be in action on the opening day of the individual events at the world junior badminton championships in Pune India Wednesday.
Jamaicans Gareth Henry will be in action on the opening day.
Could it be that a Katy Perry divorce is coming soon?
A Katy Perry divorce is coming.
Bill Haslam, the mayor of Knoxville and considered a moderate Republican, easily won the Tennessee GOP primary for governor Thursday, the Tennessee Department of State's website reported.
Bill Haslam won the Tennessee GOP primary for governor.
Green to fight Kiwi Cameron Updated: 13:48, Wednesday September 19, 2012 Australia's Danny Green is to defend his IBO world cruiserweight boxing title against New Zealander Shane Cameron.
Green to fight Kiwi Cameron Updated.
The thought occurred to me as I listened last week to a fellow who should know better defending the actions of RAAD: ``We have to stop Derry becoming another Dublin.''
We have to stop Derry becoming another Dublin.
The Bahujan Samaj Party on Sunday said it would not support the Women's Reservation Bill if required amendments were not made in the proposed legislation before it was tabled in Parliament.
The Bahujan Samaj Party would not support the Women's Reservation Bill.
A 45-year-old man servicing the fire extinguishers on a moored tugboat fell into the Mississippi River near the Exxon dock in Chalmette Tuesday night and is still missing.
A man fell into the Mississippi River near the dock in Chalmette.
New information was released Thursday morning on the investigation into a human skull that was found by a hunter northeast of Butte last week.
New information was released on the investigation into a human skull that was found by a northeast of Butte.
VICTORVILLE, Calif. A Mojave Desert woman is in jail for allegedly attacking her sleeping husband with a meat cleaver.
Woman is for allegedly attacking her husband with a meat cleaver.
Premier Silvio Berlusconi promised Tuesday to resign after parliament passes economic reforms demanded by the European Union, capping a two-decade political career that has ended with Italy on the brink of being swept into Europe's debt crisis.
Premier Silvio Berlusconi promised Tuesday to resign after parliament passes.
House Speaker John Boehner toured levees in Natomas this week at the invitation of Rep. Dan Lungren, as local officials push the feds to fund ongoing levee improvements to the area.
House Speaker John Boehner toured levees in Natomas.
The Centers of Medicare \u0026 Medicaid Services has revealed that over the next decade, Medicare and Medicaid spending will spike.
Over the next decade, Medicare and Medicaid spending will spike.
Giles extends its reach into the West Country with the acquisition of The Professional Indemnity Group.
Giles extends into the West Country.
Irvine-based Broadcom has settled with patent licensing firm Wi-LAN, over WiLAN's patent portfolio.
Broadcom has settled with Wi-LAN.
Arthur Erickson, the Canadian architect who designed countless buildings around the world, has died.
Arthur Erickson, the Canadian architect, has died.
A passenger tried to open an exit door Monday during a flight on Alaska Airlines, and he was arrested upon landing.
A passenger tried to open an exit door.
The rupee posted its best performance in four months on Thursday, surging to a three-week high on back of gains in stocks and dollar weakness overseas.
The rupee posted its best performance in four months.
Cribbs agreed to a one-year contract and will wear the black and silver for Oakland.
Cribbs agreed to a contract and will wear the black for Oakland.
Lindsay Lohan will be taking it all off to pose nude for Playboy, recent reports claim.
Lindsay Lohan will be taking off to pose nude for Playboy, reports claim.
Would you like to hear Reggie sing the Wii U announcement?
Reggie sing the Wii U announcement.
An early Claude Monet painting that has been on public view only once is now on display at the Currier Museum of Art in Manchester, NH Created in 1867 when Monet was 27, the painting shows Monet's father reading a newspaper under a canopy of shade trees, near a sunlit, flowering garden.
An early Claude Monet painting is on display.
PITTSBURGH ─ The Steelers have agreed to terms with veteran quarterback Byron Leftwich on a one-year contract, the team announced today.
The Steelers have agreed to terms with Byron Leftwich.
Bakerwali dog, which is domesticated by the nomadic tribes inhabiting the Himalayas and the Hindukush mountain system of Afghanistan, Pakistan and Tajikistan, is facing extinction in the far-flung areas of Jammu and Kashmir.
Bakerwali dog, is facing extinction.
Kigali city launched a new transport strategy which will see operating busses assigned to specific routes, making public transport more efficient.
Kigali city launched a new transport strategy.
A Scheller woman is working to raise money for autism research during April, which is Autism Awareness Month.
A woman is working to raise money for autism research.
Julian Whitaker, MD ), a founder of the alternative health movement, is now a featured expert on searchvitaminsupplements.com ), a new informational Web site devoted to all aspects of nutritional supplements, including vitamins, minerals, herbs, amino acids, enzymes, and more.
Julian Whitaker, is a featured expert on searchvitaminsupplements.com.
Susquehanna maintains a 'Positive' rating on Apple Inc., raises price target from $300 to $325.
Susquehanna maintains a Positive rating on Apple Inc..
President Pranab Mukherjee yesterday visited the newly refurbished Vivekananda and Tagore suites on the ground floor of Rashtrapati Bhavan.
Pranab Mukherjee yesterday visited the refurbished Vivekananda and Tagore suites on the floor of Rashtrapati Bhavan.
UK-based serviced office company Servcorp opened their first US business center this month.
Office company Servcorp opened their first US business center.
Matthew Hoggard has points to prove to both the selectors and the England batsmen if he makes the starting XI for Thursday night's opening test against New Zealand at Lord's.
Matthew Hoggard has points to prove to the selectors and the batsmen.
Through the Professional Footballers' Association, Ryall lodged an appeal to overturn the ban which will be considered by Football Federation Australia's disciplinary committee next week.
Ryall lodged an appeal to overturn the ban.
Rep. Linda Sanchez won her sixth two-year term in Congress, defeating Lakewood Republican Benjamin Campos by a 2-1 margin.
Linda Sanchez won her sixth term in Congress.
Arkeia Software, a provider of backup and recovery software and appliances, announced Arkeia Network Backup version 8.2 with new agents for backup and recovery of VMware and Hyper-V virtual environments and applications including Microsoft Exchange, Sharepoint, and SQL Server, as well as Novell's iFolder, GroupWise, and eDirectory.
Arkeia Software announced Arkeia Network Backup version 8.2 with agents for backup.
On Sunday's What Would Ryan Lochte Do?, we see that mind travel to wonderful places -- like the kitchen sink to watch his brother throw up for fun, and the stairs where he passes out after a wild night.
What Would Ryan Lochte Do, we see.
Today, Governor Bobby Jindal announced the call for the second special session and highlighted his priorities for investments in roads, levees, coastal restoration, ports, and other priorities critical to the recovery and the needs of the entire state.
Bobby Jindal announced the call for the second special session.
SHINE Medical Technologies, a Middleton-based company founded in 2010, chose Janesville over Chippewa Falls and Stevens Point for a new manufacturing plant.
SHINE Medical Technologies chose Janesville over Chippewa Falls for a plant.
Yahoo! and Spotify have announced a global content distribution and promotion agreement that will enable Yahoo! to integrate and promote Spotify's on demand music service on Yahoo!'s Media Network, which reaches nearly 700 million unique users monthly -- over 47 percent of the total worldwide Internet audience.
Yahoo! will enable to integrate Spotify on demand music service.
The Olympic Highway is closed following a fatal crash in the state's Riverina this morning.
The Olympic Highway is closed following a fatal crash.
CIT Group Inc., a leading global commercial finance company, today announced that it served as the sole lead arranger in a $65 million financing deal for Petro Resources Corporation, a Houston-based independent oil and natural gas company.
CIT Group Inc. served as the sole lead arranger in a $ 65 million financing deal for Petro Resources Corporation.
Tim Robbins is joining the cast of ``Green Lantern,'' the Martin Campbell-directed actioner based on the DC Comics superhero.
Tim Robbins is joining the cast of Green Lantern.
Lt. Gov. Brad Owen will lead a 5-day trade mission to Taiwan to discuss alternative energy.
Brad Owen will lead a trade mission to Taiwan.
Danny Boyle's 'Slumdog Millionaire' has been honoured by The American Film Institute, whose 13 jury members have listed it as one of this year's eight Moments of Significance in Film, TV and Web.
Danny Boyle's Slumdog Millionaire has been honoured by The American Film Institute.
An agricultural research center in South Dakota is expanding its facility to incorporate a new soybean research program.
An agricultural research center is expanding.
Tara Reid stays out of Lindsay Lohan's way whenever she is out on the town because Lohan becomes ``mean'' and ``paranoid'' when she is drunk.
Tara Reid is because Lohan becomes mean and paranoid she is.
World refined Zinc markets registered a surplus of 223000 tons in Jan-June 2011, this was lower when compared to 297000 tons in Jan-June 2010.
World refined Zinc markets registered a surplus.
A 22-year-old man has died after being hit by a train following an altercation at a railway station in Guildford, Surrey.
A man has died after being hit by a train.
Jakarta Governor Joko Widodo will meet 94 ambassadors and diplomatic representatives of friendly countries at the Flores Room of Hotel Borobudur, Jakarta, on Tuesday, December 4.
Joko Widodo will meet 94 ambassadors.
US videogame industry sales jumped 20% in April, as a flood of highly anticipated titles hit the market.
Videogame industry sales jumped 20%.
Inflation levels for the months of September soared again according to government figures, with inflation reaching 5.2%, which is its highest level in sixteen years.
Inflation levels soared again.
American singer Katy Perry has recently admitted that she is desperate to star in the hit musical TV series ``Glee.''
Katy Perry is desperate to star in the series Glee.
A 23-year-old Madison man was robbed at knifepoint on Bowen Court early Sunday morning.
A man was robbed at knifepoint Sunday morning.
Shane Warne was anything but ambiguous when he declared with typical finality that national teams do not need coaches, but teams at the first-class and domestic levels need them.
National teams do not need coaches.
A Conroe tubing company agreed to pay $175,000 to a former employee it fired less than a month after he complained of racially offensive comments.
A Conroe company agreed to pay $ 175,000 to a former employee.
Connecticut Light and Power linemen overwhelmingly rejected a new contract offer from Northeast Utilities Friday.
Linemen rejected a contract offer.
Former US Rep. Barbara Vucanovich, R-Reno, on Tuesday endorsed Republican Gov. Jim Gibbons for re-election to a second term in 2010.
Barbara Vucanovich endorsed Jim Gibbons.
Kanpur, Jan 30 A new daily express train between Kanpur and Chitrakoot Dham was today flagged off by Union Coal Minister Sriprakash Jaiswal.
Kanpur, Jan 30 A train between Kanpur and Chitrakoot Dham was flagged off.
On Feb. 23 The All-American Rejects announced spring 2012 headlining tour dates in support of their upcoming album, Kids in the Street.
The All-American Rejects announced spring 2012 headlining tour dates.
Montel Williams is going to open a pot dispensary in Sacramento, CA.
Montel Williams is going to open a pot dispensary.
The rate of US credit card defaults showed signs of stabilizing last month, an indication that American consumers are in better financial shape than feared despite job losses and the housing slump.
The rate of US credit card defaults showed signs of stabilizing.
China and Russia have agreed to expand nuclear power cooperation in seven areas, including building floating nuclear power plants, exploring uranium mines, eliminating old plants and developing markets abroad, the China Atomic Energy Authority said.
China and Russia have agreed to expand nuclear power cooperation.
A National Park ranger is accused of twice sexually assaulting co-workers after both women passed out drunk.
A ranger is accused of assaulting co-workers.
Two suspected SIMI activists, one of them with a record of terror involvements, have been arrested from Ahmedabad with arms and ammunition, the Crime Branch said Monday night.
Two SIMI activists have been arrested.
The display of a flag in the Morro Bay park is sparking some controversy in the community.
The display of a flag in the Morro Bay park is sparking some controversy.
The transit union has suspended contract talks and given the city until tomorrow to make concessions on scheduling before it takes its case to arbitration.
The transit union has suspended talks.
Iran said it launched a rocket carrying a test-satellite into space on Sunday, in a move that could further exacerbate tension with the West over its nuclear drive.
Iran launched a rocket carrying into space.
Boone and Davis, Fort Lauderdale personal injury attorneys, are taking on Universal City Development Partners, owner and operator of Universal Orlando Resort, on behalf of a seriously injured client.
Boone, Fort Lauderdale injury attorneys, are taking on Universal City Development Partners, owner of Universal Orlando Resort.
In a recent study it has been said that Swine Flu may cause deadly brain disorder.
Swine Flu may cause brain disorder.
Madonna was the most played artist of the last decade in the UK, beating The Beatles, Robbie Williams and Queen.
Madonna was, beating The Beatles.
WebHostingBuzz.com has launched a VPS web hosting service, it was reported recently.
WebHostingBuzz.com has launched a VPS web hosting service.
Pillar Data Systems today started official operations in The Netherlands after it brokered a partnership with leading Dutch systems integrator Qi ict.
Pillar Data Systems today started in The Netherlands after it brokered a partnership.
Government today reiterated that it has nothing to suppress in 2G spectrum allocation and is ready for a debate on the issue.
It has nothing to suppress in 2G spectrum allocation.
Two firefighters were injured Wednesday when an inside tire exploded as they were checking a tractor-trailer in the rear of a business at 68-70 King Spring Road, an official said.
Two firefighters were injured when an tire exploded.
United Airlines parent UAL Corp. said it didn't file for bankruptcy, after a 2002 Chicago Tribune news report on the carrier's filing was mistakenly republished on a newspaper Web site.
UAL Corp. said it didn't file for bankruptcy.
The Canisius College baseball team moved to 8-0 in MAAC play for the first time in program history by sweeping visiting Siena on Saturday afternoon at the Demske Sports Complex.
The baseball team moved to 8 0 in MAAC play by sweeping visiting Siena.
A new study by the UN health agency and its partners has found that fewer newborns are dying worldwide but progress is too slow, and Africa in particular is being left further behind.
A study has found fewer newborns are dying worldwide but progress is too slow.
Police are investigating a stabbing in North Central Regina that sent one man to hospital Friday morning.
Police are investigating a stabbing.
Iraq PM's group wins largest bloc in several areas A coalition led by Iraq's prime minister has won the largest single bloc of seats in seven of 12 provinces participating in local elections, and tied in an eighth, although it failed to achieve a majority in any of the districts, electoral officials announced Saturday.
Iraq PM's group wins largest bloc in several areas.
Fleetwood Mac will play the O2 in Dublin in October as part of their greatest hits tour, it has been announced.
Fleetwood Mac will play in Dublin.
Stonestreet Stable owners Jess Jackson and Barbara Banke say Rachel Alexandra, the 2009 Horse of the Year, was bred to Curlin, the 2007 and 2008 Horse of Year, on Monday at Lane's End Farm.
Rachel Alexandra was bred to Curlin.
Lightning struck two Stoughton homes Sunday afternoon, heavily damaging a colonial on Christie Murphy Drive and the roof of another home on Daly Drive Ext., a fire official said.
Lightning struck two Stoughton homes Sunday afternoon.
Labour must deal with the recession by not losing its ``nerve'' over public spending, Lord Mandelson has said.
Labour must deal by not losing its nerve.
A Brazilian woman was sentenced to federal prison for her role in a worker visa fraud scheme carried out through an Orlando company that supplied temporary labor to area hotels, the US Attorney's Office said Friday.
A woman was sentenced to prison for her role in a worker visa fraud scheme.
New signing Rafael Marquez opened his account for New York Red Bull on the weekend.
Rafael Marquez opened his account for New York Red Bull.
As many as 1.2m UK businesses are being affected by late payments, according to Tenon Recovery.
As many as 1.2m businesses are being affected by late payments.
``We are getting to a point where we are going to live despite the state, so it will not matter if Julius Malema is foreign minister... we won't care who the president is and might not even bother to vote,'' he said.
We are going to live despite the state.
A new poll from Quinnipiac University gives Republican Marco Rubio a comfortable lead in Florida's US Senate race.
A new poll gives Marco Rubio a comfortable lead.
Nearly 1,000 Tunisian migrants arrived on the Italian island of Lampedusa overnight, where the government has already declared a humanitarian emergency, coast guards said Sunday, cited by AFP.
Nearly 1,000 Tunisian migrants arrived on the Italian island overnight.
After a few delays and push backs, Chicago rapper/actor Common has announced the latest official release date for his upcoming album.
Common has announced the release date.
Cedric Benson has been charged Tuesday with assaulting a bartender in Austin, Texas on May 30.
Cedric Benson has been charged with assaulting.
Three youths created a flutter in the Jammu and Kashmir ( Images ) Assembly on Monday when they suddenly jumped in the well of the House and raised slogans demanding implementation of employment policy.
Three youths created they jumped in the well of the House.
A service has been set for a Silo woman who died from smoke inhalation when her home caught fire early new year's day.
Who died from smoke inhalation her home caught.
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina Tuesday said some opportunist people have sneaked into her ruling party with a perception that they would remain safe after doing wrongs but she cautioned wrongdoers would never be spared.
Wrongdoers would never be spared.
General Motors Co. is recalling 426,000 Chevrolet, Pontiac and Saturn mid-size sedans to fix a transmission problem that could cause a car to roll away after the driver has left the vehicle.
General Motors Co. is recalling 426,000 Chevrolet, Pontiac and Saturn sedans.
State Sen. Brian Birdwell told the Texas Tribune on Wednesday that he didn't vote twice in the 2004 elections and disputed the Texas and Virginia records that say he did.
Brian Birdwell didn't vote twice in the 2004 elections.
A 17-year-old student is arrested after bringing a handgun and ammunition to school in Rice Lake.
A student is arrested after bringing a handgun to school in Rice Lake.
Ukrainian boxer Wladimir Klitschko was officially awarded as ``Fighter of the Year'' by the World Boxing Organization, according to the official Web site of the Klitschko brothers.
Wladimir Klitschko was officially awarded as Fighter of the Year.
Unforgettable star Daya Vaidya is expecting identical twin boys this summer!
Daya Vaidya is expecting identical twin boys.
Nepal will send at least five athletes to the Beijing Olympics, said Nepal Olympic Committee on Monday.
Nepal will send at least five athletes to the Beijing Olympics.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said on Monday that he would appoint a female vice president to give greater representation to women in his administration.
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad would appoint a female vice president.
New Jersey Transit trains are back on schedule in and out of New York's Penn Station.
New Jersey Transit trains are back on schedule.
Qatargas, one of Qatar's two exporters of liquefied natural gas, expects to complete scheduled maintenance on two LNG production facilities by the end of May, a source at the company said yesterday.
Qatargas expects to complete maintenance by the end of May, said.
Unions, activists and artists held a rally on Tuesday, to protest the possible sale of the Los Angeles Times to the Koch brothers, warning that such a sale would turn one of the US's great newspapers into a right-wing mouthpiece.
Unions, activists held, to protest the possible sale of the Los Angeles Times to the Koch brothers.
Sydney Roosters centre BJ Leilua faces three charges after being arrested on the weekend, NSW Police say.
Sydney Roosters centre BJ Leilua faces three charges.
Welcome \u0026 Enjoy Watch Virginia Tech vs North Carolina LIVE Streaming Online HD Video Free, Virginia Tech vs North Carolina live online NCAA Football Instant Streaming Internet TV, Virginia Tech vs North Carolina live American College Foot boll Match Today, Virginia Tech vs North Carolina Live Streaming Video Coverage Join Now,National Football League Live Online HD TV Links,NCAA College Football-2011 Live Online Now, Virginia Tech vs North Carolina Live Stream Online Direct TV Channel Here.
Live Online, Virginia Tech vs North Carolina Stream TV Channel Here.
SAN FRANCISCO Charles Schwab Corp. will be cutting at least 100 jobs in an effort to improve operating efficiency.
Charles Schwab Corp. will be cutting at least 100 jobs.
Power was restored in Lone Tree on Monday afternoon, after a car hitting a utility pole cut electricity to 1,800 customers.
Power was restored in Lone Tree.
Portuguese media group Cofina , one of the main shareholders in Zon Multimedia , said on Monday it would oppose a merger between Zon and Sonaecom.
Cofina would oppose a merger between Zon and Sonaecom.
A woman poisoned her four daughters and then committed suicide by consuming insecticide Friday in Meerut district of Uttar Pradesh after a spat with her mother-in-law.
A woman poisoned her four daughters committed suicide.
Freddie Mac, the No. 2 US home funding company, said on Monday it sold $3.5 billion of reference bills at lower rates and higher demand compared with the most recent sales of similar maturities.
Freddie Mac sold $ 3.5 of bills at lower rates and higher demand.
The National Electoral Board of Ethiopia said registration of candidates for the upcoming national elections has been extended for additional 20 days.
Registration of candidates has been extended for additional 20 days.
A scoutmaster pleaded not guilty the magistrate's court, here yesterday to two charges of outraging the modesty of two female students last year.
A scoutmaster pleaded, to two charges of outraging the modesty of two students.
Mizzou won its first coin toss in the SEC and elected to receive.
Mizzou won its toss.
Health insurer Highmark Inc. offered voluntary severance packages this week to employees in some departments, as it tries to trim 300 positions from its payroll.
Highmark Inc. offered severance packages to employees.
The city of Cascade will flush fire hydrants on the east side of Cascade between 8 am and 4:30 pm Thursday, July 3.
The city will flush fire hydrants.
British insurer Aviva has begun the search for a new chairman to replace Colin Sharman, the Times reported on Thursday.
Aviva has begun the search for a new chairman.
The Children's Home in Binghamton celebrated its 100th anniversary Wednesday with a cake and a gift-wrapped county transit bus.
The Children's Home celebrated its 100th anniversary.
Well, it took far too long and didn't even come from Nintendo, but it would seem that Super Mario All-Stars finally got the patch it had coming.
Super Mario All-Stars finally got the patch.
Radient Pharmaceuticals Corporation, a US-based pharmaceutical company, announced today it has entered into an exclusive 5-year collaboration agreement with Jaiva Technologies.
Radient Pharmaceuticals Corporation announced it has entered into an collaboration agreement.
ONE of the most wanted Nazi war criminals, Aribert Heim or ``Doctor Death'', thought by Nazi-hunters to be in his 90s and in South America, died in Cairo in 1992, German TV reported.
ONE of the Nazi criminals, Aribert Heim died in 1992, TV reported.
Tim Cahill has defended Holger Osieck's decision to take him out of Tuesday's win against Iraq, saying coach Osieck ``deserves a lot of credit'' for the Socceroos third straight appearance at the World Cup.
Tim Cahill has defended Holger Osieck's decision to take him.
Acura announced on Thursday that the 2013 RDX crossover will start at $35,205 including an $885 destination fee.
The 2013 RDX crossover will start at $ 35,205.
Retailers' reports of robust November sales offered more evidence that the lackluster US economy may finally be gaining momentum, despite stubbornly high unemployment.
Retailers ' reports of robust November sales offered.
ZIMRE Property Investments full-year profits rose 66 percent to US$7,5 million on growth in rental income.
ZIMRE Property Investments profits rose 66 percent.
Kamo and Hikurangi fire brigades tested their skills in a training exercise at Kauri.
Kamo and Hikurangi fire brigades tested their skills.
Australian talk show host Rove McManus will star opposite Perez Hilton is a new pop culture gossip show for America's ABC television network.
Rove McManus will star opposite Perez Hilton is a new show.
County Elections Administrator Joyce Cowan has announced that new voter registration cards have been mailed out to Hays County registered voters, beating the April 25 deadline set by court order.
Registration cards have been mailed out voters.
The Indian rupee weakened on Monday as shares fell to their lowest close in 2-1/2 weeks on worries about whether foreign investors will continue to buy into India in the new year, but exporters sold dollars, capping broader losses.
The Indian rupee weakened.
David Dudley of Lynchburg, Va., added to his already impressive list of career accomplishments by winning the Land O'Lakes Angler of the Year title Friday at the Wal-Mart FLW Tour's final 2008 qualifier, the Chevy Open on the Detroit River, Lake Erie and Lake St. Clair.
David Dudley added by winning the Land O'Lakes Angler of the Year title.
Hugh Jackman will host the 81st annual Oscars, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences confirmed on Friday.
Hugh Jackman will host the Oscars.
GameStop is going digital, allowing shoppers to get digital upgrades to previously purchased video games, according to a report.
GameStop is going digital.
ANAHEIM, Calif. Matt Hamill won a unanimous decision over Tito Ortiz at UFC 121 on Saturday night, keeping former light heavyweight champion Ortiz winless in the last four years.
Matt Hamill won a unanimous decision over Tito Ortiz.
RICHMOND, Calif. A pregnant mother of two who was killed in a drive-by shooting in Richmond's Iron Triangle neighborhood Wednesday has been identified as 23-year-old Sharanda Thomas, a Contra Costa County deputy coroner said.
Pregnant mother who was killed in a drive has been identified.
With two weeks left in the season, the playoff picture is clearing up for both Norman High and Norman North.
The playoff picture is clearing up.
Malaysian students in Indonesia have been advised not to react to provocation over a boundary issue involving the two countries.
Malaysian students in Indonesia have been advised not to react to provocation.
After the allocation of new home decorating OK what plants can effectively absorb harmful substances?
What plants can effectively absorb harmful substances.
Gurinder Chadha has revealed that she is working on a historical epic about India's independence.
Gurinder Chadha is working on a historical epic.
Insider Publishing Ltd, the premier publishing house for professionals and investors in the international insurance markets, announced today that it has agreed to be acquired by Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC.
Insider Publishing Ltd, the publishing house, announced it has agreed to be acquired by Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC..
Violence continued unabated in strife-torn Khejuri for the third consecutive day today as Trinamul Congress workers set ablaze three CPI-M offices and ransacked houses of CPI-M workers including those of the CPI-M's former Khejuri panchayat samity sabhapati Mr Himanshu Das.
Violence continued in Khejuri.
Spencer Pratt has apologised to his soon-to-be-ex wife Heidi Montag for his post-split antics.
Spencer Pratt has apologised to his wife.
Moshi Monsters, the child-friendly social network described as Facebook for kids, has announced that it has now hit a whopping 50 million registered users worldwide.
Moshi Monsters has hit a 50 million users.
The Turin Film Festival announced Monday that it would honor seven-time Oscar-nominated director Robert Altman by screening more than 40 of his films and a selection of television programs that span the director's 50-year career.
The Turin Film Festival would honor Robert Altman.
Daniel Amokachi has accused African players of not giving their all when they represent their countries for fear of getting injured and jeopardising their European careers.
Daniel Amokachi has accused players.
A 20-year-old woman facing battery charges in Las Vegas has dropped her paternity suit against singer Justin Bieber.
A woman has dropped her paternity suit against Justin Bieber.
State police are investigating a fiery weekend crash that left a truck driver in the hospital.
Police are investigating a weekend crash.
Katherine Jackson is finally returning to her Los Angeles area home after ten days of ``rest,'' her son Randy Jackson tells Good Morning America.
Katherine Jackson is returning to her Los Angeles area.
A 6-hour-long blackout of the entire grid left about 370 million Indians with no electricity in the north of the country.
A blackout left about 370 million Indians with no electricity.
Yes, the answer to our Name That Mystery Coach contest is Jack C. Curtice, who was Stanford's head football coach from 1958-62 and wrote The Passing Game in Football in 1961.
The answer to our Name That Mystery Coach contest is.
Azerbaijani side fired Karabaki positions for over 444 times in the directions of Hadrout, Martouni, Askeran and Martakert.
Azerbaijani side fired Karabaki positions for over 444 times.
The Vietnamese Ambassador to the Netherlands, Huynh Minh Chinh, has signed the Hague Convention on Protection of Children and Cooperation in Respect of Intercountry Adoption.
The Vietnamese Ambassador has signed the Hague Convention.
Companies are growing more pessimistic about the US economy this year and plan to limit hiring as the European debt crisis hurts sales and concern rises over the looming so-called fiscal cliff, a survey showed.
Companies are growing pessimistic about the economy, a survey showed.
An entrepreneur has been attacked in Baku, sources in the Surakhany district police office reported.
An entrepreneur has been attacked in Baku.
Today Facebook introduced Home, which it calls ''a completely new experience that lets you see the world through people, not apps.
Facebook introduced Home.
Oshkosh Corp. has received a $158 million order to build more than 400 heavy-transport supply trucks for the US Marine Corps.
Oshkosh Corp. has received a $ 158 million order.
Credit Suisse Group AG, Switzerland's second-biggest bank, said it plans to boost capital by 15.3 billion Swiss francs by the end of the year after the Swiss central bank last month urged a ``marked increase.''
Credit Suisse Group AG plans to boost capital.
Cambridge Bay voters elected a new mayor Dec. 12:
Cambridge Bay voters elected a new mayor.
Prime Minister Julia Gillard will outline her vision for the ALP in a speech and web chat on Friday.
Julia Gillard will outline her vision for the ALP.
German fashion designer Jil Sander, pictured in 2010, is set to make a return to the company that bears her name seven years after resigning, Gala magazine reported on Thursday, quoting industry sources.
Jil Sander is set to make a return to the company, Gala magazine reported.
Davos is done for another year.
Davos is done.
Canada's privacy commissioner says the online social networking site Facebook breaches Canadian law by keeping users personal information indefinitely after members close their accounts.
The site Facebook breaches Canadian law.
``Support Butch Davis'', is no longer just a suggestion to University of North Carolina Chancellor Holden Thorp from fans, it's also quickly becoming a movement.
Support Butch Davis, is, it's quickly becoming a movement.
While the focus of the night was on the drivers in the Chase for the Championship, Jamie McMurray stole the spotlight, winning the Bank of America 500.
Jamie McMurray stole the spotlight, winning the Bank of America 500.
ED Miliband is to organise a really great anti-apartheid disco that will get everyone totally motivated.
ED Miliband is to organise a anti-apartheid disco.
German retail sales unexpectedly fell in November, anchoring expectations for an annual decline in the sector for 2009, data showed today.
German retail sales fell in November.
And it is this chart that provides a good reason to be bearish on AAPL.
That provides a good reason to be bearish on AAPL.
Drug Take Back Day is Saturday and the Mason County Sheriff's Office is reminding the public that there are two drug take back receptacles available to the public 24 hours a day seven days a week.
Drug Take Day is Saturday.
A cyclist was charged after being struck by a car at the corner of Murphy and London Roads Monday night.
A cyclist was charged after being struck.
iPass announced today that it is moving into the consumer market.
IPass is moving into the consumer market.
Internet pioneer AOL, seeking to reinvent itself as a force in online news, announced Monday it is buying The Huffington Post, the fast-growing news and opinion website, for $315 million.
AOL is buying The Huffington Post for $ 315 million.
Water has been restored to two Frederick shopping centers after a water main break, authorities said.
Water has been restored to two shopping centers after a break.
NEW YORK - Sara Lee Corp. Chairman and CEO Brenda Barnes will step down permanently to focus on improving her health following a stroke, the food maker said Monday.
Sara Lee Corp. Chairman and Brenda Barnes will step down permanently.
kind, unkind, and charitably critical -- will be written about Oral Roberts, who died today at the age of 91.
Oral Roberts died at the age of 91.
Robin Gibb, the famous singer, is suffering from the chronic disease of liver cancer.
Robin Gibb is suffering from the disease of liver cancer.
In an e-mail sent to customers, Sirius XM has announced the addition of over 20 new Internet channels, which is leading to speculation that their anticipated iPhone and iPod application will be released this week.
Sirius XM has announced the addition of over 20 new Internet channels.
Former The Sopranos star Drea de Matteo and fiancée, singer Shooter Jennings, are expecting their second child together.
The star Drea de Matteo, Shooter Jennings, are expecting their second child.
The Congress today stepped up efforts to placate senior leader Virbhadra Singh who has offered to resign from various party committees which have been set up to prepare for the year-end Assembly elections in Himachal Pradesh.
The Congress today stepped up efforts to placate.
In the wee hours, a newspaper hawker was looted by a 'policeman' at Magarmal Bagh.
A newspaper hawker was looted.
SEASIDE HEIGHTS, NJ ― Another MTV ``Jersey Shore'' cast member has been arrested in the New Jersey town where the show is based.
SEASIDE HEIGHTS, NJ ― Another Jersey Shore cast member has been arrested.
Polythene UK, the largest broker of polythene film and bags in the UK, is offering free compostable checkout bags to visitors to the easyFairs ECOPACK show next February to help promote the product launch and ultimately persuade consumers, supermarket buyers, and government members to switch to a 'greener' option.
Polythene UK is offering free compostable checkout bags to visitors to the easyFairs ECOPACK show.
The Beatles, Sir Mick Jagger and Robbie Williams are among those under consideration to appear on the new £10 banknote.
The Beatles, Mick Jagger and Robbie Williams are among those to appear on the new £ 10 banknote.
Animal rights activist Elissa Sursara has been hospitalised overnight on the Gold Coast, according to reports.
Elissa Sursara has been hospitalised overnight.
IndusInd Bank may come down to Rs 230 in next three to four weeks, says Jai Bala, cashthechaos.com.
IndusInd Bank may come down to Rs 230.
More than 100 Texas school districts will hold tax rate ratification elections this year, including nine East Texas schools.
More than 100 districts will hold tax rate ratification elections, including nine Texas schools.
May 21, 2013 Police say a bus has collided with a truck in northern India, killing 11 people including seven members of a wedding party.
A bus has collided with a truck in India, killing 11 people.
GO Bus service will come to Kitchener, Waterloo and Cambridge starting October 31st.
GO Bus service will come to Kitchener, Waterloo.
Beiersdoft, the skin care group, is to add 80,000 sq ft to its 100,000 sq ft Birmingham warehouse.
Beiersdoft is to add 80,000 ft to its 100,000 sq ft Birmingham warehouse.
On Wednesday the 5th of September, 2012, in the middle of the Democratic Party convention, US democracy took a big hit.
The 5th, democracy took a hit.
IMF believes that with current policies, Vietnam is importing inflation and needs to take a new approach that makes every effort to reduce the rate to a single-digit level.
Vietnam is importing inflation.
Brittany Murphy, the star of ``Clueless'' and ``8 Mile,'' died from pneumonia, with prescription drugs and anemia also playing a role, a coroner's official said Thursday.
Brittany Murphy died from pneumonia.
Pavel Datsyuk suffered a lower body injury in the third period on Thursday and did not return.
Pavel Datsyuk suffered a lower body injury.
Fort Worth resident Jason Day, winner of the HP Byron Nelson Championship, has climbed to No. 79 in the World Golf Ranking, the loftiest perch in his professional career.
Fort Worth resident Jason Day has climbed to No. 79 in the World Golf Ranking.
Armenia granted 8 UAZ cars to Kyrgyzstan within CSTO framework.
Armenia granted 8 UAZ cars to Kyrgyzstan.
Hospitals across the US are focusing more on safety and quality amid increasing scrutiny of patient care, prevention efforts and medical errors.
Hospitals are focusing on safety amid increasing scrutiny.
Baseball star Roger Clemens has been acquitted on all charges by a jury that decided he didn't lie to the United States Congress when he denied using performance-enhancing drugs.
Roger Clemens has been acquitted on all charges.
A FOX News report states that UK Foreign Secretary William Hague said that he had received information that Gaddafi may have fled to Venezuela.
Gaddafi may have fled to Venezuela.
Despite the latest reports that 69 percent of the Illinois corn crop is in good or excellent condition, excessive rains in some areas of the state have farmers downgrading their dreams of a record harvest.
Despite the reports 69 percent of the Illinois corn crop is in good or excellent condition, rains have.
Southwest announced it will seek mediation assistance from the National Mediation Board in contract negotiations with its dispatchers, represented by Transport Workers Union 550.
Southwest will seek mediation assistance in negotiations with its dispatchers.
--- Time Warner Cable Inc. and NaviSite, Inc. today announced that they have entered into an agreement under which Time Warner Cable will acquire NaviSite, a premier provider of enterprise-class hosting, managed application, messaging and cloud services, for $5.50 per share in cash, or a total equity value of approximately $230 million.
Time Warner Cable will acquire NaviSite.
Arab foreign ministers on Wednesday denounced ``crimes against humanity'' being perpetrated in Syria, and called on the Damascus government to stop the violence immediately.
Arab ministers denounced crimes against humanity.
This college football betting preview of the Alabama vs. LSU game is brought to you by SBG Global where the line opened at:
This college football betting preview is brought.
Don Wittman, whose smooth baritone voice called some of Canada's most significant sports, has died of cancer.
Don Wittman has died of cancer.
Boeing workers in St. Louis have agreed to a new contract to avoid a strike that would have gone into effect Monday.
Boeing workers have agreed to a new contract.
Lee Westwood followed his career-best 12-under 60 with a 64 on Friday to take a commanding 11-stroke lead at the halfway stage of the Thailand Golf Championship.
Lee Westwood followed - under 60 with a 64.
Karnataka medium pacer R Vinay Kumar will lead South Zone in their four-day Duleep Trophy semi-final match against East Zone beginning on Sunday.
R Vinay Kumar will lead South Zone in their Duleep Trophy match.
A civil lawsuit will be filed tomorrow against a former Shanley teacher who's had a list of civil suits brought against him in both Minnesota and California.
A civil lawsuit will be filed against a former Shanley teacher.
Columbia Sportswear has announced that it will open a new Columbia-branded retail store at Mall of America in Minnesota on November 21, 2008.
Columbia Sportswear will open a new store at Mall of America in Minnesota.
Software major Microsoft on Thursday launched 'Online Services' in India, which will allow small and medium businesses and enterprise customers to access e-mail and conferencing solutions through Internet, for as low as $2/user a month.
Microsoft launched Online Services in India.
Crown Paints now has its third different owner in three years after being sold by UK private equity house Endless to Danish paint manufacturer Hempel for an undisclosed sum.
Crown Paints has after being sold to Danish manufacturer Hempel.
SummaryIt is not Maharashtra, not even Andhra Pradesh, but Delhi that has the highest number of IT companies in India at 11,740 by the end of January 2011.
But Delhi has the highest number of IT companies in India.
On Friday, the judges handling the Italian calcioscommesse affair ruled that Antonio Conte is banned from the bench for ten months.
Antonio Conte is banned from the bench for ten months.
London, Jan 19 Socialite heiress Paris Hilton made another sex tape of herself, claims a new book.
London, Paris Hilton made another sex tape, claims a new book.
Former MP Jim Pankiw has been charged with impaired driving, driving with blood alcohol over the legal limit and failing to go for finger printing.
Jim Pankiw has been charged with impaired driving.
England fast bowler Tim Bresnan has been fined 7.5 percent of his match fee for showing dissent during Thursday's one-day international against India in Mohali.
Tim Bresnan has been fined for showing dissent.
Ah, the Strictly Come Dancing Halloween special.
The Strictly Come Dancing.
The League of Women Voters will sponsor a candidate and issues forum on Tuesday, Oct. 23, in preparation for the Nov. 6 general election.
The League of Women Voters will sponsor a candidate and issues forum.
ASIAN markets see-sawed in nervous trading as concerns about a double-dip recession and a potential default by Greece continued to weigh down sentiment.
Markets see sawed in nervous trading.
A search warrant served by the Lyon County Sheriff's Office Narcotics Division early last Friday morning resulted in the arrest of 26-year-old Yerington resident Aureliano Rodriguez on multiple drug-related charges.
A search warrant resulted in the arrest.
A 12-year-old mentally challenged girl was raped allegedly by her uncle in Jansenville, Eastern Cape police said on Wednesday.
A mentally challenged girl was raped.
Queensland ministers to be sworn in Updated: 08:50, Tuesday April 3, 2012 Queensland Premier Campbell Newman's team of ministers will be sworn in during a ceremony in Brisbane.
Queensland ministers will be sworn in.
Pakistani actress-model Sana Nawaz has slammed Veena Malik over her alleged nude photo shoot for an Indian magazine.
Pakistani actress-model Sana Nawaz has slammed Veena Malik.
National Cement SC, located in Dire Dawa, Ethiopia, has started exporting cement to neighboring Djibouti and Somaliland.
National Cement SC, has started exporting to neighboring Djibouti and Somaliland.
LOS ANGELES '' Four executives are leaving Sprint Nextel Corp. in a reorganization that will combine the sales and marketing functions for both its consumer and business units.
Four executives are leaving Sprint Nextel Corp. in a reorganization.
Iceland has banned striptease shows, making it an offence for any business to profit from the nudity of its employees.
Iceland has banned striptease shows.
The annual American Legion medallion treasure hunt begins today, Jan. 3 with the possibility of winning more than $1,000 in prizes.
The annual American Legion medallion treasure hunt begins today.
LOS ANGELES California Pizza Kitchen has expanded its wine list to 31 varieties, most priced at less than $10 per glass, in a response to what company officials noted was an expanding wine knowledge among American consumers.
California Pizza Kitchen has expanded its wine list.
Comtech Telecommunications Corp. announced that its Tempe, Arizona-based subsidiary, Comtech EF Data Corp., received a $1.7 million equipment order from a mobile network operator in Asia.
Comtech Telecommunications Corp. announced its, subsidiary received a $ 1.7 million equipment order from a mobile operator in Asia.
A new law will soon allow high school girls to take maternity leave.
A law will allow high school girls to take maternity leave.
Perez Hilton is reporting that in an interview with Rolling Stone, Melissa Etheridge says she is grateful to Taylor Swift, for her teen-positive music.
Melissa Etheridge is grateful to Taylor Swift.
SMALL wind turbines can halve bat activity in the immediate vicinity of properties, according to new research.
Wind turbines can halve bat activity.
Scam artists might be trying to cash in on natural disasters, like the recent typhoon in Myanmar and China's deadly earthquake.
Scam artists might be trying to cash in on natural disasters.
Companies from the European Union dominate the direct international investors in Turkey with 77.8 percent in the first six months of the year, economy minister says.
Companies from the European Union dominate the direct international investors in Turkey.
A TINY kitten found at the Royal Highland Show after someone mistook her cries for a mobile phone ringtone has been rehomed.
A kitten found at the Royal Highland Show has been rehomed.
Pakistani police pointed fingers at India after three terror attacks in this eastern city, but Interior Minister Rehman Malik said there should not be any speculation on the issue without evidence.
Pakistani police pointed fingers at India after three terror attacks.
The major averages have climbed firmly into positive territory but remain well off last week's highs.
The major averages have climbed firmly into positive territory.
Four DeKalb County residents have been arrested on drug charges in Geraldine, according to a release from DeKalb County Sheriff Jimmy Harris.
Four residents have been arrested on drug charges in Geraldine.
The Titans play host to the Colts on MNF on Oct. 27, which will be Tennessee's first Monday night game and first prime time game at LP Field since 2004.
The Titans play host on MNF.
MIA has offered up a free stream of her new album /\\/\\/\\Y/\\ through her MySpace page.
MIA has offered up a free stream of her new album.
A suicide bomber struck today inside a popular restaurant in northern Iraq where Kurdish officials were meeting with Arab tribal leaders, killing at least 55 people and wounding about 120, police said.
A suicide bomber struck inside a restaurant in northern Iraq.
Jury selection will likely continue through Tuesday in the second-degree murder trial of Harold Johnson, who is accused of killing his estranged wife in August 2008.
Jury selection will continue in the murder trial.
The Indians and Reds were scoreless through three innings Saturday afternoon at Progressive Field.
The Indians and Reds were scoreless through three innings.
Animal control officers aided by Halifax police have seized two dogs allegedly involved in a fatal attack on a smaller dog earlier this month.
Officers have seized two dogs allegedly involved in a fatal attack on a smaller dog.
``For today`s trade, Nifty is likely to trade in the range between 4,730 \u0026 4,750 in the upper side and 4,670 \u0026 4,650 in the lower side,`` said the broking house Indira Securities.
Nifty is likely to trade in the range between 4,730 \u0026 4,750.
Homeless men sleep in a park while people wait in line to purchase pizza from a pizza mobile in Washington October 21, 2010.
Homeless men sleep in a park.
Police are calling for prepaid cellphone customers to be registered on a national database to stop criminals using the phones.
Police are calling for prepaid cellphone customers to be registered on a national database.
President Barack Obama called on US businesses on Saturday to do more to boost the economy by hiring more workers and making investments.
Barack Obama called on businesses to do more.
The east-european centre of the Dutch beverage giant Heineken is moving from Vienna to Amsterdam in the next few months.
Heineken is moving from Vienna to Amsterdam.
Sebastien Loeb will take a 6.4-second lead over Citroen team-mate Mikko Hirvonen into the final day of Rally New Zealand after holding the Finn at bay through the four Saturday afternoon stages.
Sebastien Loeb will take a lead into the final day of Rally New Zealand.
As per reports and information from our sources, OPEC member Qatar is not cutting production as supplies from Libya come to market, the Gulf country's oil minister said here on Friday, adding he did not expect any major changes in output from the oil producers' group when it meets in December.
OPEC member Qatar is not cutting production as supplies from Libya come to market.
Charles Schwab is launching a new program this summer, ``Clients Speak,'' which will feature transparent online ratings and reviews from clients.
Charles Schwab is launching, Clients Speak.
US Vice President Joe Biden on Thursday arrived in Baghdad on a surprise visit to Iraq, US sources said to the media.
US President Joe Biden arrived on a visit to Iraq.
Total US money market mutual fund assets fell $26.49 billion to $2.625 trillion for the week that ended Wednesday, according to the Investment Company Institute.
Money market fund assets fell to $ 2.625 trillion.
Mitt Romney has continued his steady march towards the Republican presidential nomination, winning primaries in Nebraska and Oregon.
Mitt Romney has continued his march towards the nomination.
A woman who lives in the 2400 block said antique hobby trains and a camera were stolen between Nov. 9-13 while the house was unoccupied.
Antique trains were stolen while the house was.
Tate Stevens wins the ``The X Factor'' season finale at CBS Television City on Thursday in Los Angeles.
Tate Stevens wins the The X Factor finale.
Amazon.com leads all retailers with the best value perception of all US adults 18+, according to YouGov's BrandIndex, the only DAILY consumer perception research service of brands.
Amazon.com leads all retailers with the best value perception.
A Sunday fire destroyed the home of a Bethel Road family.
A Sunday fire destroyed the home.
Gossip Girl star Taylor Momsen has joked that she once had sex with a priest in a new interview.
Taylor Momsen has joked she had sex with a priest.
A 19-year-old man is accused of raping a baby at a home near New Smyrna Beach.
A man is accused of raping a baby.
Budget carrier GoAir today said it will add seven new daily flights from Mumbai to Ahmedabad, Ranchi, Patna and Bangalore from December 21 to cater to the additional traffic expected in these sectors.
GoAir will add seven new daily flights from Mumbai.
USG Corporation, a leading building products company, announced today that its longtime Chairman, William C. Foote, will retire from the company and its Board of Directors effective December 1, 2011.
USG Corporation announced its Chairman, William C. Foote, will retire.
Men At Work have lost a plagiarism case after a judge ruled that they illegally used parts of a popular children's song in their 1980s hit 'Down Under'.
Men At Work have lost a plagiarism case.
Creator of Assassin's Creed Patrice Desilets has been fired from Ubisoft and intends to fight his former employer ``vigorously.''
Creator of Assassin's Creed Patrice Desilets has been fired from Ubisoft.
Two Georgia Tech students were robbed at gunpoint as they left the campus library early Thursday, police said.
Two Georgia Tech students were robbed at gunpoint as they left the library.
Amazon has said it will create 10,000 jobs this Christmas to help it cope with millions of extra orders over the festive period.
Amazon will create 10,000 jobs this Christmas.
UN expressed its concern about tribal violence in South Sudan that claimed hundreds of lives.
UN expressed its concern about tribal violence in South Sudan.
``I'm So Tired'' is a Beatles song from the double-disc album The Beatles.
I 'm So Tired is a Beatles song.
Japan is to launch a fresh stimulus package as the world's second largest economy faces a sizeable contraction, a ruling party official and local media said.
Japan is to launch a fresh stimulus package.
Investigators have determined the cause of a $4.5 million-fire that ripped through a downtown apartment building last week.
Investigators have determined the cause of a fire that ripped through a downtown apartment building.
Opposition Leader Tony Abbott will visit Toowoomba to discuss the Coalition's plan for real action, including the importance of the Toowoomba Bypass.
Tony Abbott will visit Toowoomba.
Tiger Woods said he's ahead of schedule in his recovery from knee surgery and that he intends to make his return to the US PGA Tour prior to the Masters Tournament in April.
Tiger Woods's ahead of schedule in his recovery.
Gustine High School track and field athletes competed in a Western Athletic Conference meet Thursday in Patterson, where three Redskins came away with high finishes.
Track athletes competed.
A Freehold police officer delivered a baby at a gas station when the mother began to deliver the baby en route to the hospital.A Lakewood couple was headed to Robert Wood Johnson Hospital in New Brunswick early Sunday morning and realized the baby wasn't going to wait for the 32 mile trip.
A Freehold police officer delivered a baby at a gas station.
WBC Super-Middleweight Champion Carl ``The Cobra'' Froch finally arrived in Denmark on Wednesday afternoon to take on Danish national hero Mikkel Kessler in their eagerly-anticipated Super Six World Boxing Classic second-round meeting this Saturday.
Froch arrived in Denmark.
Defense Secretary Leon Panetta warned Thursday that sweeping military cuts which could be triggered by the failure of the congressional deficit committee to strike a deal ``invites aggression'' from abroad.
Leon Panetta warned military cuts invites aggression.
North Korea is warning ships to stay away from waters off an east coast missile base, a Japan Coast Guard spokesman said on Friday, suggesting it could be preparing for a short-range missile test.
North Korea is warning ships to stay off an missile base.
The Tour of Duty passed through Little Rock as part of a cross-country bike ...
The Tour of Duty passed through Little Rock.
Greek high school students have attacked police stations around Athens in a sixth day of rioting.
Greek students have attacked police stations.
Actress Monica Bedi says she ``was a married Portuguese woman with three children'' in her past life - something she claims to have discovered through a TV show.
Monica Bedi was a Portuguese woman in her past life something.
Dairy Crest, maker of Cathedral City cheese, Yoplait yogurts and Clover low-fat spread, is cutting costs, and considering raising prices and closing a plant.
Dairy Crest, is cutting costs, and considering raising prices.
The Arab Bank received the third prize at the awards ceremony for the Best Website in the Arab Region for 2009 in the banks category for Arab Bank Group website www.arabbank.com.
The Arab Bank received the third prize at the awards ceremony for the Best Website in the Arab Region for 2009 in the category for website.
Potential home buyers are losing confidence in the UK property market, according to the National Association of Estate Agents.
Home buyers are losing confidence in the UK property market.
Whitney Houston's body arrives at Fairview Cemetery in Westfield, NJ, where she is set to be buried in a private service Sunday.
She is set to be buried.
Just a few days after Airtel announced the launch of iPhone 3GS phones in India, Vodafone too said that it would soon launch the iPhone 3GS from Apple Inc in the Indian market.
Vodafone would launch the iPhone 3GS in the Indian market.
A 45-year-old man is in a critical condition in hospital after being shot in the face in Rotorua.
A man is in a critical condition after being shot in the face.
The weaker yen could be a boon for SA exporters of commodities such as coal‚ platinum and iron ore‚ as Japanese demand for raw materials expands due to a more competitive yen.
The weaker yen could be a boon for SA exporters.
Turkmenistan auctioned about 650,000 tons of oil products from the Turkmenbashi refinery, and refineries in the Saydi and Nayip gas-processing complex at the State Commodity and Raw Materials Exchange.
Turkmenistan auctioned about 650,000 tons of oil products.
Despite the club's off-field problems, Rangers cruised to a comfortable win at Inverness in the Scottish Premier League.
Rangers cruised to a win at Inverness.
Urdu is a comprehensive language and keeps its doors open to other languages, Government College University Vice-Chancellor Prof Dr Khalid Aftab said on Saturday.
Urdu is and keeps its doors open to other languages.
President Barack Obama will visit Australia in November, the White House has announced.
Barack Obama will visit Australia in November.
Chris Johnson scored 19 points to lead three players in double digits as St. Bonaventure held on to beat Cornell 72-68 Wednesday night in nonconference action.
Chris Johnson scored 19 points to lead in digits as St. Bonaventure held to beat Cornell 72 68.
A man was stabbed twice Monday evening in JFK Plaza and later found by SEPTA police near the entrance to the station at 15th and Market Streets, a SEPTA spokesman said.
A man was stabbed in JFK Plaza and found by SEPTA police.
AGON Online, a leading social gaming platform for iPhone, launches games site targeted at end users.
AGON Online launches games site.
CHOCOLATE giants Cadbury yesterday said higher prices left them on course to beat half-year targets.
Prices left Cadbury on course to beat targets.
Stuart Scott, Magic Johnson, Jon Barry and Michael Wilbon discuss what is next for the Lakers
What is next for the Lakers.
Isle of Capri Casinos Inc. posted a Q1 loss, due to a hefty impairment charge related to its UK business and an increase in operating expenses.
Isle of Capri Casinos Inc. posted a loss.
A Madison County grand jury on today indicted 11 people on various charges, including one man charged with murder.
A grand jury indicted 11 people on various charges.
Dr. Tres Thompson, associate professor in UT Dallas' School of Behavioral and Brain Sciences, found that exposure to loud noises induces plasticity in the hippocampus, a section of the brain not primarily associated with hearing but known for learning-related plasticity.
Exposure to loud noises induces plasticity in the hippocampus.
Nymex crude oil prices gained more than 3% on Wednesday as the weakness in the DX coupled with declining inventories in the US supported prices.
Nymex crude oil prices gained more than 3% on Wednesday.
First a flock of birds were found dead in Arkansas and Louisiana, now three dead whooping cranes are found in Calhoun County.
Three dead whooping cranes are found in Calhoun County.
The midwives say they are fed up with the situation which has been going for too long.
The midwives say they are fed up.
Action star Akshay Kumar recently enjoyed a tight slap from an extraordinary monkey.
Akshay Kumar enjoyed a slap from an extraordinary monkey.
- United States and Canada today marked the 20th anniversary of the US - Canada Air Quality Agreement, an agreement that has significantly reduced acid rain and smog.
United States and Canada today marked the 20th anniversary of the Air Quality Agreement, an agreement.
2012-09-24T08:26:42Z 2012-09-24T22:28:30Z Driver in deadly Rock Co. crash arrested for OWI lacrossetribune.com The driver of a car that left a Rock County highway and crashed, killing a passenger, is arrested for operating the vehicle while intoxicated.
Driver in deadly Rock Co. crash arrested for OWI is arrested.
NEIL Taylor is set to sign a new four-year contract at Swansea City after another dramatic twist in the saga surrounding the left-back.
NEIL Taylor is set to sign a new contract at Swansea City.
Buenos Aires, Jan 13 Argentina is facing a huge scarcity of paper money as a result of which the country has outsourced a printing order for five billion pesos worth of currency to neighbouring Brazil.
Buenos Aires, Argentina is facing a scarcity of paper money.
Munster scrum half Peter Stringer has been called into the Irish squad to act as cover for Tomas O'Leary.
Peter Stringer has been called into the Irish squad.
British Prime Minister David Cameron said on Wednesday there was ``growing evidence'' that Iran was supplying weapons to Syria to help in the crackdown on pro-democracy protesters.
David Cameron said there was growing evidence Iran was supplying to Syria.
Universal McCann announced yesterday, Monday, 18 May 2009, that it has launched a digital arm, UM Connect, which it claims ``will elevate digital to its rightful place in the planning process - upfront''.
Universal McCann has launched a digital arm.
Finnish handset maker Nokia said it has added a new feature to its location-based services, enabling its smartphone users in Delhi and Mumbai to get real-time traffic updates in their cities.
Nokia has added, enabling its smartphone users in Delhi and Mumbai to get traffic updates.
Kurdish rebels threatened more attacks on economic targets Friday after claiming responsibility for a blast in eastern Turkey that shut down a strategic oil pipeline, an agency close to the rebels reported.
Kurdish rebels threatened more attacks.
By News Channel 3 Thousands of students, parents and teachers are expected at demonstrations throughout California today to protest education funding cuts.
3 Thousands of students, parents and teachers are expected to protest education funding cuts.
STOCKHOLM-Truck maker AB Volvo on Friday said its losses widened by 47 per cent in the fourth quarter due to restructuring costs and declining sales but forecast growth in key markets this year.
AB Volvo said its losses widened.
Ex-bodyguard Fernando Flores allegedly claims she hit her kids with a belt, the UK's Sun newspaper reports.
Ex-bodyguard Fernando Flores claims she hit her kids with a belt.
Chemical weapons are absolutely prohibited under international humanitarian law.
Chemical weapons are absolutely prohibited.
Rents for flats continued their rise during the final quarter of last year.
Rents continued their rise.
The military says a Hawaii-based Army medic from Virginia was killed in Afghanistan after his unit was attacked by enemy forces with small arms fire.
A Army medic from Virginia was killed in Afghanistan.
A MAN in his 20s has died after being hit by a tram in St Kilda East today.
A MAN has died after being hit by a tram in St Kilda East.
A Garrett man pleaded guilty in federal court in Johnstown to charges of passing counterfeit money.
A Garrett man pleaded guilty.
Innovation Fuels, the New York based renewable energy company that manufactures, markets, and distributes second-generation biodiesel to customers around the world has announced it has begun selling biodiesel to customers from its Midwestern renewable fuels hub / Port of Milwaukee terminal located on Lake Michigan.
Innovation Fuels, has announced it has begun selling biodiesel to customers from its fuels / Port.
Hussain Kuwajerwala replaces Eijaz Khan as the host of a new dance show on TV
Hussain Kuwajerwala replaces Eijaz Khan.
or to be more accurate, 'higher speed' because it's been around for more than 20 years - trading in the Singapore stock market has raised concerns among retail investors, some of whom have asked whether regulators might consider introducing 'circuit breakers', along the lines of those already existing or about to be introduced this week on Wall Street.
Regulators might consider introducing circuit breakers.
Authorities say a state correctional officer has been arrested on a charge of trafficking cocaine in a state prison in North Florida.
A state correctional officer has been arrested.
Nonni's Foods is opening a new facility in Yadkin County in a building formerly occupied by Unifi Manufacturing.
Nonni's Foods is opening a new facility in Yadkin County.
Mortgage rates are holding still after better than expected early reports regarding home sales and unemployment.
Mortgage rates are holding still after better than expected reports.
A professor of Manipur University was shot dead by three unidentified assailants on the campus around noon today.
A professor was shot dead on the campus.
A SPECIAL meeting was held last night to discuss youth violence in Bexley following the murder of 16-year-old Yemurai Kanyangarara.
A meeting was held to discuss youth violence in Bexley.
Gov. Mike Beebe declared 27 counties disaster areas Monday due to storms and flooding that rolled through the state just before Christmas.
Gov. Mike Beebe declared 27 counties disaster areas.
Greek civil servants have walked off the job for three hours to protest austerity measures.
Greek civil servants have walked off the job.
A strong earthquake measuring 7.8 on the Richter scale hit the whole of Andaman islands early Tuesday morning.
A strong earthquake hit the whole of Andaman islands.
The Kenyan government is being sued for police brutality in the violence following the 2007 election.
The Kenyan government is being sued for police brutality.
Australian skipper Michael Clarke, who suffered his only defeat of the World Twenty20 Cup in the final against England on Sunday, has said that he is not the right guy to bat at number three.
Michael Clarke is not the right guy to bat at number three.
MUMBAI, Sep 30 Private sector lender ICICI Bank on Wednesday sold 4.41% stake in software services provider 3i Infotech for Rs 46.17 crore in open market transactions at both the major bourses in the country.
ICICI Bank sold 4.41% stake in 3i Infotech.
A West Bloomfield, Mich., doctor accidentally killed a man from Wasilla, Alaska., while on a guided bear hunt, authorities in Alaska said.
A doctor killed a man while on a bear hunt.
Elton John played his 3,000th live public performances on Saturday, October 8, 2011 when he took the stage for ``The Million Dollar Piano'' show at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace.
Elton John played his 3,000th live public performances he took.
A 75-year-old Taylor woman died after a car crash on Highway 10 Monday evening, according to the North Dakota Highway Patrol.
A Taylor woman died after a crash.
And if you're one of those people awaiting government disaster relief funds, it's small consolation to keep hearing: ``we're going to help you, the cheques are in the mail.''
The cheques are in the mail.
A robber accidentally pressed the panic button of the house he was robbing, Beeld newspaper reported on Monday.
A robber pressed the panic button.
Socialite and Johnson \u0026 Johnson heiress Casey Johnson was found dead today in Los Angeles.
Socialite and Johnson \u0026 Johnson heiress Casey Johnson was found dead.
Bord Bia, the Irish food board, was able to report some good news with findings that Irish food and drink exports received a 12 percent boost in 2011.
Irish food and drink exports received a 12 percent boost.
Chicago Bulls forward Carlos Boozer played Monday against the Sacramento Kings after missing five games because of a sprained left ankle.
Chicago Bulls Carlos Boozer played against the Sacramento Kings.
AP Writer Former Seton Hall basketball coach Bobby Gonzalez pleaded not guilty Wednesday to shoplifting a satchel at an upscale shopping mall last month.
Seton Hall basketball coach Bobby Gonzalez pleaded not guilty.
An event entitled 'Big learning: algorithms, systems, and tools for learning at scale' will take place from 16 to 17 December 2011 in Sierra Nevada, Spain.
Big learning : algorithms, systems, and tools for learning at scale will take to 17 December 2011 in Sierra Nevada, Spain.
Parents need reassurances that the school is safe for their children to attend.
Parents need reassurances.
Escapee drug boss Tony Mokbel was smuggled out of Australia on a private yacht in an elaborate plot orchestrated by at least three associates, police say.
Tony Mokbel was smuggled out of Australia on a yacht.
A drum line instructor for Byron Center High School was suspended for alleged improper contact with a student through a computer.
A drum line instructor was suspended.
Rugby officials are holding talks in Fiji to try to resolve the crisis threatening the country's future in world rugby.
Rugby officials are holding talks in Fiji.
Great Falls police are investigating a case of animal cruelty in which a dog's throat was apparently cut.
Great Falls police are investigating a case of animal cruelty.
In October two more restaurants applied for a liquor license in the dry county and are hoping to follow the trend.
Two restaurants applied for a liquor license in the dry county.
North Carolina forward Ed Davis will miss at least six weeks with a broken bone in his left wrist.
North Carolina Ed Davis will miss at least six weeks with a broken bone in his wrist.
Real Goods Solar, Inc. today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to raise approximately $9.25 million by issuing 3,366,974 shares of Class A common stock at a per share price of $2.75 and warrants to purchase 1,683,488 shares of Class A common stock, with a term of five years from the closing date and an exercise price of $2.75 per share.
Real Goods Solar Inc. has entered into a agreement to raise approximately $ 9.25 million.
Colchester will welcome the return of The Halfords Tour Series for the second successive Summer in 2012, when the unique, team based cycle race series comes to town on Thursday 7 th June.
Colchester will welcome the return of The Halfords Tour Series.
A new website called FashionVouchers.com has launched in the UK to help fashion lovers save money shopping online by bringing together all the latest fashion voucher codes, offers and sales from hundreds of fashion brands.
A website called FashionVouchers.com has launched to help fashion lovers save money shopping online.
Michael Kightly has ended all the speculation about his immediate future by signing a new long-term contract with Championship side Wolverhampton Wanderers deal.
Michael Kightly has ended the speculation.
The Myanmar central government Thursday invited anti-government ethnic armed groups for peace talks to end internal dispute and build peace in the country, the state radio and television reported.
The Myanmar government invited armed groups for peace talks.
The NHL has suspended Phoenix Coyotes defenceman Ed Jovanovski two games for a forearm to the head of Minnesota Wild centre Andrew Ebbett.
The NHL has suspended Ed Jovanovski two games for a forearm to the head of Minnesota Wild centre Andrew Ebbett.
Mumbai, Aug 7 Actress Priyanka Chopra, who is all set for her innings on small screen as a host, says failure in life and spiders scare her.
Priyanka Chopra says failure and spiders scare.
Police said a Soweto mother claimed she was possessed when she repeatedly stabbed her nine-year-old daughter on Sunday evening.
A Soweto mother claimed she was possessed when she stabbed her daughter.
Twins manager Ron Gardenhire left Minnesota's game against Baltimore because of a stomach virus.
Ron Gardenhire left Minnesota's game.
A mass grave containing about 100 bodies was discovered Saturday in a region north of Baghdad that has seen years of intense fighting between Shiites and Sunni extremist members of al-Qaida in Iraq .
A mass grave was discovered in a region north of Baghdad.
Menafn quoted Ms Aamra al-Beldawi a member of the parliament's oil committee as saying that the Iraq Petroleum Company law will help adopt best management of Iraqi oil resources through dividing missions between the company and the oil ministry.
The Iraq Petroleum Company law will help adopt best management of Iraqi oil resources.
UK Minister of State for Climate Change and Energy Greg Barker on Wednesday said the UK was committed to investing in green energy despite the global financial crisis and pledged to support India financially to tap solar power.
The UK was and pledged to support India to tap solar power.
Richard Holbrooke, the US special envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan, remained in critical condition Sunday following surgery to repair a torn aorta, the state department said.
Richard Holbrooke, the US special envoy, remained in critical condition.
State and local police are searching for an armed man driving a white GMC Sierra following a confrontation with a woman in Hamilton Township, possibly a domestic dispute.
State and local police are searching for an armed man driving a white GMC Sierra.
Noetix Corp., a world-class provider of business intelligence software and services for enterprise applications, today announced it achieved record revenue and profitability during the first half of 2010.
Noetix Corp. achieved record revenue and profitability during the first half of 2010.
Regulators have shut down a small bank in Florida, boosting to 17 the number of US bank failures this year following the 140 closures last year in the worst financial climate in decades.
Regulators have shut down a small bank in Florida.
Christian women in Chile, along the western coast of South America, have written this year's service with the theme ''How Many Loaves Have You?
How Many Loaves Have.
Omron has introduced a new pedometer that utilizes Dual-Axis acclerometer technology to record users' daily step count.
Omron has introduced a new pedometer.
The struggling Quebec actress accused of stalking 30 Rock's Alec Baldwin is out of jail now, released on her own recognizance.
The Quebec actress accused of stalking 30 Rock's Alec Baldwin is.
A high majority of Australian women return to work within 12 months of having a baby so they can pay personal bills, not because they want to, according to a national survey.
A majority of Australian women return to work.
Israel said that 2009 was a record year for acts of anti-Semitism across the world, which were mainly sparked by its war against Hamas in the Gaza Strip a year ago.
Israel said 2009 was a record year for acts of anti-Semitism.
POLICE have appealed for information to identify two men reportedly acting suspiciously in Trull Meadows at 2.45pm last Friday.
POLICE have appealed to identify two men acting suspiciously.
Today, US and Cuban representatives will meet in Havana to discuss implementation of the US-Cuba Migration Accords.
US and Cuban representatives will meet in Havana.
A Premier League footballer is facing a possible driving ban after he was found guilty of speeding in North Yorkshire.
A footballer is facing a driving ban.
TEHRAN -Iran will start a five-day aerial defense drill on Sunday in western parts of the country.
Iran will start a aerial defense drill on Sunday.
A Corpus Christi mother is arrested for injury to a child.
A mother is arrested for injury to a child.
Apple on Friday filed a new, improved and amended complaint against Samsung.
Apple filed a new, complaint.
Taipei, Feb. 25 Taiwanese director Ang Lee on Sunday won the 2013 Academy Award for best director, on the 3-D shipwreck epic ``Life of Pi.''
Ang Lee won the 2013 Academy Award for best director.
Hurt by constant jibes from senior Congress leaders, Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav today hit back saying that he has enough evidence to ``shock'' the Congress and that he has nothing to be afraid of the cases filed against him.
Mulayam Singh Yadav has enough evidence to shock the Congress.
14 more ``Sejonghakdang'' branches opening after thorough examination processes for qualification in the second half of year.
14 more Sejonghakdang branches opening.
Russia can learn from Americans how to tackle corruption and turn new products into money, President Medvedev has said at a meeting with the US businessmen delegation led by Californian governor Schwarzenegger.
Russia can learn from Americans.
Younger ER patients with heart attack symptoms should be asked if they have recently used cocaine, which can cause similar chest pain, the American Heart Association warns doctors.
Younger patients with heart attack symptoms should be asked if they have used cocaine.
US automaker Chrysler will recall 4,783 vehicles exported to China to fix defective fuel tanks that could pose safety risks, China's top quality watchdog said on Friday.
Chrysler will recall 4,783 vehicles exported to China.
SANA'A, May 24 - President Abdo Rabbo Mansour Hadi met here on Thursday with US Congress delegation headed by Steve Chabot Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and South Asia, visiting Yemen currently.
SANA'A, Abdo Rabbo Mansour Hadi met with US Congress delegation.
Madonna has reportedly invited Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake to join her onstage for her show at the Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles tonight.
Madonna has invited Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake to join her onstage.
US crude oil price Tuesday rose on positive US housing starts data, strong earnings and a weaker dollar.
Oil price rose on positive data.
Insurgents armed with rifles, rocket-propelled grenades and mortars tried to storm a combat outpost in eastern Afghanistan on Saturday, setting off a battle that killed 30 attackers and wounded five coalition soldiers, NATO said.
Insurgents, tried to storm a combat outpost in eastern Afghanistan.
Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart aren't lovers, but they ``have a very special bond'', thanks to the ``creative energy'' that they've developed during the filming of their hit vampire movie ``Twilight''.
Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart aren't, but they have a very special bond.
Manisha Koirala defends that 'Bhoot Returns' is not her comeback film because she has not been absent from the film industry at all.
Bhoot Returns is not her comeback film.
New flag planned for Fiji Updated: 09:37, Wednesday January 2, 2013 Fiji will get a new flag as it moves closer to a new constitution, the country's leader, Commodore Frank Bainimarama, says.
New flag planned, Fiji will get.
At least 34 families have been displaced following a large apartment fire in Clarksville on Monday afternoon.
At least 34 families have been displaced following a large apartment fire.
Millions of Muslims are celebrating the Eid al-Fitr festival that ends the fasting month of Ramadan, by participating in feasts, family reunions and other festivities.
Millions of Muslims are celebrating the Eid al-Fitr festival.
11:55p + This is the Shark Fights 13 live blog for Rameau Thierry Sokoudjou vs. Houston Alexander, a light heavyweight bout on tonight's Shark Fights pay-per-view in Amarillo, Texas.
The Shark Fights 13 live blog.
The US imposed preliminary duties on $273 million of glossy paper imported from China and Indonesia, saying it is being unfairly subsidized.
The US imposed duties on $ of paper imported from China and Indonesia.
October 5, 2009 - Yes This is true that urinary tract infections can cause impotence.
Tract infections can cause impotence.
Indian Premier League chairman Lalit Modi is expected to announce that South Africa will host the relocated IPL.
South Africa will host the IPL.
A report published by the Global Property Guide reveals that prices of property in São Paulo have risen by 20% in the last year.
Prices of property in São Paulo have risen by 20%.
Anniversary celebrations are planned by several churches, including the First Baptist Church, 89 St. Francis St., which is marking its 137th year.
Anniversary celebrations are planned.
The Utah Supreme Court has rejected an appeal by a man convicted of strangling and stomping a 72-year-old woman to death at her Glendale home.
The Utah Supreme Court has rejected an appeal by a man convicted of strangling and stomping a woman to death.
The SEC is investigating whether Merrill told buyers that hedge fund Magnetar helped select assets for a $1.5 billion collateralized debt obligation known as Norma, the paper reported.
The SEC is investigating Merrill told.
Five top young Central Florida scientists will compete this weekend for scholarship money and other prizes in the annual Dr. Nelson Ying Science Competition.
Five top young scientists will compete.
A suspected shoplifter threatened a loss prevention officer with a pruning tool, then ran into another store where deputies found him hiding behind a stack of shoes, according to an Indian River County Sheriff's Office report.
A shoplifter threatened a officer with a pruning tool.
Jefferson County health officials say a sick bat found in a backyard in Wheat Ridge has tested positive for rabies.
A sick bat has tested positive for rabies.
Ireland coach Eddie O'Sullivan has kept faith with his World Cup flops for the Six Nations opener against Italy.
Eddie O'Sullivan has kept faith.
The Cabinet of Ministers will consider the results of investigations into financial discipline at ministries and other central executive government agencies at its regular meeting on Wednesday.
The Cabinet will consider the results of investigations into financial discipline at ministries at its meeting on Wednesday.
13:05 Not to be outdone by competing browsers, Google has released Chrome 18, which, aside from receiving the usual slew of security related fixes and a bundling of the latest version of Adobe's Flash Player, features a boost in 2D performance and 3D compatibility.
Google has released Chrome 18.
A house party turned violent overnight resulting in one man getting stabbed.
A house party turned violent overnight.
Russia has placed an order for inflatable copies of its tanks, aircrafts and even missiles at a cost of 2,000 pounds per model to mislead enemies.
Russia has placed an order for inflatable copies of its tanks, and missiles.
Molly Meldrum improving 'week by week' Updated: 23:52, Sunday February 12, 2012 Molly Meldrum is improving 'week by week' but may have lasting problems resulting from his fall, a health care professional involved in his treatment says.
Molly Meldrum improving is improving week by week.
He will play the Air Canada Centre in Toronto Aug. 8 and the Bell Centre in Montreal Aug. 12.
He will play in Toronto in Montreal.
Peter Andre has found new love in X Factor winner Alexandra Burke after his split with ex-wife Katie Price, according to sources.
Peter Andre has found new love in Alexandra Burke.
A Philadelphia couple traveling to Jackson to participate in the Dixie National Rodeo were found dead this morning in the living quarters of their horse trailer at a Scott County campground.
A Philadelphia couple were found dead.
Stony Plain RCMP said that a pedestrian was killed while walking along Highway 43 near Gunn, Alberta on February 2.
A pedestrian was killed while walking along Highway 43 near Gunn, Alberta.
City Union Bank and South Indian Bank are looking good at current levels, says Jagannadham Thununguntla, Strategist \u0026 Head of Research, SMC Global Securities.
City Union Bank and South Indian Bank are looking good.
Roy and Kathy Ferguson of Bloomfield will celebrate their 25th wedding anniversary with an open house from 2-4 pm on Sunday, June 23 at the Antioch Community Building.
Roy will celebrate their 25th anniversary.
Queensland opposition leader Campbell Newman says he has nothing to fear if he is called before the Queensland Floods Commission of Inquiry.
Campbell Newman has nothing to fear.
Just days before the release of its new iPhone 4, Apple announced today that it has sold 3 million iPads.
Apple has sold 3 million iPads.
After Housing minister Gautam Dev, it was Minister for Urban Development Ashok Bhattacharya who took on Mamata, accusing her of double standards.
It was Minister who took on Mamata.
Acute diarrhoea occurred in two more provinces, Ha Nam and Vinh Phuc, bringing the number of the disease hit localities in Vietnam to ten.
Acute diarrhoea occurred in two more provinces.
Detroit Tigers manager Jim Leyland said Magglio Ordonez will reach the plate appearance incentive in his contract that will give the outfielder an US$18 million option for next season.
Jim Leyland said Magglio Ordonez will reach the plate appearance incentive.
R. Allen Stanford, the international financier convicted of charges connected to a $7 billion Ponzi scheme, was sentenced Thursday to 110 years in prison.
R. Allen Stanford was sentenced to 110 years in prison.
Malaysian authorities on Sunday deported a young Saudi journalist accused of insulting the Prophet Muhammad on Twitter, a police official said.
Malaysian authorities deported a Saudi journalist accused of insulting the Prophet Muhammad on Twitter.
RIGHTS activists have backed striking workers, saying their actions are justified because the salaries of Asian expatriates are too low.
Activists have backed workers.
Sheboygan Police are investigating a car fire that occurred overnight.
Police are investigating a car fire.
Nigel Kennedy, the self-proclaimed ``bad boy of classical music'', has been questioned by police after a drugs raid on a party in his five-star hotel.
Nigel Kennedy, the bad boy, has been questioned after a drugs raid.
Hundreds of Taiwanese protesters surrounded a hotel Wednesday where a Chinese envoy was attending a dinner banquet, tossing eggs and trying to block his car from driving away.
Hundreds of Taiwanese protesters surrounded a hotel a Chinese envoy was attending a banquet.
Lorraine Kelly is reportedly set to become the new face of ITV's breakfast show, Daybreak.
Lorraine Kelly is set to become the new face of ITV's show, Daybreak.
TIM Groenewald has been released by Warwickshire and become Derbyshire's second acquisition since the end of the season following the move by Garry Park, the Durham batsman Garry Park, to the Division Two club.
TIM Groenewald has been released by Warwickshire.
The lawyer of Husain Haqqani former ambassador to US, Zahid Hussain Bukhari said Mansoor Ijaz has ridiculed the commission by not appearing before it despite promising twice, our sources reported.
Mansoor Ijaz has ridiculed the commission.
Sudanese President Omer al-Bashir on Wednesday swore in Sudan's new cabinet of 35 ministers and 42 ministers of state Wednesday.
Sudanese President Omer al-Bashir swore in Sudan's new cabinet.
Accor, one of the world's largest hotel companies, is expanding in Abu Dhabi with a focus on budget and mid-market lodging, despite the recent decline in room rates and occupancy levels.
Accor is expanding in Abu Dhabi.
Former title holders Esperance of Tunisia and JS Kabylie of Algeria maintained perfect records in the African Champions League group phase with narrow weekend victories.
Esperance and JS Kabylie maintained perfect records.
Two investment companies that sold structured products backed by the failed investment bank Lehman Brothers went into administration today, paving the way for investors to receive compensation.
Two investment companies went into administration.
Police say a train struck and killed a man in downtown Shreveport.
A train struck and killed a man in Shreveport.
Most offices will be closed for Arbor Day.
Offices will be closed for Arbor Day.
French President Nicolas Sarkozy arrived Monday in Spain for a high-profile state visit aimed at reinforcing cooperation against terrorism and organized crime.
Nicolas Sarkozy arrived in Spain for a state visit.
India has no plans to tax or curb capital outflows, a top finance ministry adviser said on Monday, adding the economy could still grow at around 8 percent in the current fiscal year to end-March despite increased global economic uncertainty.
India has no plans to tax or curb capital outflows.
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke told Congress Tuesday the economy is suffering through a ``severe contraction'' and pledged to use all available tools to lift the US out of the recession that already has cost millions of Americans their jobs.
Ben Bernanke told the economy is suffering through a severe contraction.
Reports are a little sketchy at this point, but it is believed that something happened in Droitwich over the weekend, and the locals are deeply concerned.
Something happened in Droitwich over the weekend.
BoatUS has five hard questions you need to ask your boat's insurance agent before you renew your boating policy.
BoatUS has five questions you need to ask your boat's insurance agent.
Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar on Sunday said that Pakistan was committed to provide fullest cooperation to Afghanistan to help it steer through the transition period and beyond.
Pakistan was committed to provide fullest cooperation to Afghanistan.
Bahrain is expected to ratify a planned Gulf single currency by next week, after the lower house of parliament cleared the project yesterday, an official said.
Bahrain is expected to ratify a Gulf single currency.
A Nicholas County man is in jail after allegedly stabbing an ambulance worker and then stealing the ambulance.
A Nicholas County man is after allegedly stabbing an ambulance worker.
He destroyed former WBO champion Enzo Maccarinelli inside two rounds in one of the most eagerly awaited fights in the UK in the last fifteen years.
He destroyed Enzo Maccarinelli.
A 31-year-old Greenwood man is behind bars today at SCI, after leading Harrington police on a vehicle and foot chase Sunday.
A Greenwood man is, after leading Harrington police on a vehicle and foot chase.
No community, including Hindus, can claim majority status in India as it is essentially a country of people with various beliefs, Congress leader and former Union Minister Shashi Tharoor said here on Tuesday.
No community can claim majority status.
Community college workers in the province, including those at Marconi and Strait area campuses, have voted in favour of a strike action in an attempt to gain wage increases and improvements similar to those given to public school teachers this year.
Community college workers have voted in favour of a strike action.
For the sixth year in a row, Oregon gets a failing grade in tobacco prevention funding, the American Lung Association said in an annual report Thursday.
Oregon gets a failing grade in tobacco prevention funding.
Tributes are flowing in for Neil Armstrong, the quiet, self-described nerdy engineer who became a global hero when he stepped on to the moon.
Tributes are flowing in for Neil Armstrong.
Super Eagles Captain Joseph Yobo has said Zambia must fall in today's Orange Africa Cup of Nations group C match.
Zambia must fall in today's Cup.
Income tax payers are likely to get a major relief in the Budget as the government prepares itself to please the middle class in the election year.
Tax payers are likely to get a major relief.
The Montgomery County planning staff is recommending that light rail be used for the proposed Purple Line.
The planning staff is recommending light rail be used for the Purple Line.
A 4.1 earthquake hit near Yorba Linda at 9:33 am, the latest in a series of earthquakes to hit the area.
A 4.1 earthquake hit near Yorba Linda.
Haryana will introduce the public audit system for effective implementation of public distribution system in the state, said Food and Supplies Minister Mahender Partap Singh here Saturday.
Haryana will introduce the public audit system.
Four LSU football players hired a defense attorney and put off a meeting with police about a bar fight that started when a patron honked at a crowd blocking his exit from a parking lot, Baton Rouge police said Sunday.
Four LSU players hired a attorney.
Shanda Interactive Entertainment Limited, a leading interactive entertainment media company in China, and Shanda Music Group Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Shanda, today announced final results and completion of the tender offer for 1,155,045,300 ordinary shares, par value $0.00005 per ordinary share, of Hurray!
Shanda Interactive Entertainment Limited today announced final results and completion of the tender offer of Hurray.
US Rep. Steve King, R-Iowa, said Saturday he sees a ``path to victory'' should he run for Senate next year, adding that he's close to a decision.
Steve King said he sees a path to victory should he run for Senate.
Two retail jewelers in Watsonville, Calif., are facing misdemeanor charges for allegedly purchasing secondhand jewelry without proper licensing or crime-prevention procedures, according to the Register-Pajaronian newspaper.
Two jewelers are facing misdemeanor charges.
In a gruesome incident, the Maoists killed 10 policemen at Mahuliatand village in Nawada district in Bihar.
The Maoists killed 10 policemen in Nawada district in Bihar.
Former Coronation Street star Bill Tarmey, who played Jack Duckworth in the soap, died this morning in Tenerife aged 71, his family said.
Coronation Street star Bill Tarmey, who played, died.
US recording artist R. Kelly will release Untitled, his 10th studio album, Oct. 13, Jive Records announced Wednesday.
R. Kelly will release Untitled, his 10th studio album.
What we sometimes forget is that it also takes a team to educate a student.
It takes a team to educate a student.
The New Orleans Saints say head coach Sean Payton left the hospital this morning.
Sean Payton left the hospital.
Actress Isla Fisher loves being married to comedian Sacha Baron Cohen but she admits that ``it's not a normal life to lead'' especially when its more normal to talk about getting death threats than whether they've done the house chores.
Isla Fisher loves being married to Sacha Baron Cohen but she admits it's not a normal life.
Nick Heidfeld is to replace the injured Robert Kubica at Renault for the foreseeable future.
Nick Heidfeld is to replace the injured Robert Kubica.
S. Kocharian stated that the Armenian-Iranian relations, which have existed for thousands of years, are at a high level today: there is a political dialog and economic cooperation, active cultural ties have also been established.
The Armenian-Iranian relations are at a high level today.
A Hankins Middle School teacher assaulted a student has been released from the hospital, a spokesperson for the Mobile County Schools System said Wednesday.
A teacher assaulted a student has been released from the hospital.
A Kenyan court on Wednesday jailed 11 Somalis for five years each for piracy on a Liberian-flagged merchant ship in the Indian Ocean last year.
A Kenyan court jailed 11 Somalis for piracy.
US Television star Kelsey Grammer, best known from 'Cheers' and his sitcom 'Frasier,' nearly died after suffering a heart attack last month, he told US showbiz news program 'Entertainment Tonight.
Television star Kelsey Grammer nearly died after suffering a heart attack.
Former US Vice-President Dick Cheney has been released from hospital after suffering a mild heart attack, his fifth in 32 years.
Dick Cheney has been released from hospital after suffering a heart attack.
Wild forward Brad Staubitz and Blue Jackets defenceman James Wisniewski were suspended indefinitely Saturday pending a hearing and the completion of a review by the NHL's department of player safety.
Brad Staubitz and James Wisniewski were suspended indefinitely.
A man died of a medical condition following a structure fire in Gladwin County's Grout Township Wednesday morning.
A man died of a medical condition following a fire.
Pollack, who won the Oscar for best picture and best director for ``Out of Africa'' in 1985 and earned praise for his performances in films that included ``Tootsie'' and ``Michael Clayton'', was surrounded by his family when he died at his home in the coastal Los Angeles suburb of Pacific Palisades at 5pm local time.
Pollack was surrounded he died.
Unfair letting agent renewal fees should be scrapped, according to the National Landlords Association as it welcomed a court order secured by the Office of Fair Trading against a High Street letting agent.
Renewal fees should be scrapped.
A Deeside pensioner and his dog had a lucky escape from a house fire started by a chip pan.
A pensioner and his dog had a escape from a house fire.
The head of US Central Command said Sunday that Al Qaeda is no longer operating in Afghanistan, with its senior leadership having moved to the western region of Pakistan.
Al Qaeda is no longer operating in Afghanistan.
Yemeni tribesmen on Friday kidnapped a South African woman and her two sons in southern Yemen, demanding the release of a relative held by police, AFP reports.
Tribesmen kidnapped a South African woman and her two sons in Yemen.
A Splendora man was allegedly shot in the shoulder by his girlfriend's ex-boyfriend late Sunday night, according to a Montgomery County Sheriff's Office press release.
A man was allegedly shot by his girlfriend's ex-boyfriend.
Two men, found innocent on animal cruelty charges, have now filed a lawsuit against a southern Kentucky sheriffs department.
Two men, found, have filed a lawsuit against a sheriffs department.
MBIA Inc., the bond insurer locked in a three-year legal battle with Bank of America Corp., is paying executives $11.4 million in cash bonuses to stay with the company for at least three more years.
MBIA Inc. is paying executives $ 11.4 million to stay for at least three more years.
India's second-largest IT company, Infosys Technologies, is reportedly reviewing its employee rating system, iRace --
India's IT company is reviewing its employee rating system.
Paramedics had to ``glue'' the woman's leg back together after the woman was attacked on Saturday while walking along Denmark Road in Lowestoft at about 5pm.
Paramedics had to glue the woman's leg together.
Kirk Cameron has responded to critics of his antigay remarks, saying he spoke honestly and has been encouraged by the support he's received from friends, including gay people.
Kirk Cameron has responded to critics of his antigay remarks, saying he spoke.
Negative emotions such as sadness and anger increase pain in women -- but the increase is similar in those with and without fibromyalgia, researchers reported.
Negative emotions increase pain.
Les Miles says his LSU staff has a plan for the short turnaround between this Saturday's home opener against Northwestern State and next week's Thursday-night matchup at Mississippi State.
His LSU staff has a plan for the short turnaround between this Saturday's home opener and next week's matchup at Mississippi State.
Price of Kuwaiti crude dropped by USD 1.12 to settle at USD 51.05 per barrel on Tuesday compared to Monday's price of USD 52.17, according to Kuwait Petroleum Corporation on Wednesday.
Price of Kuwaiti crude dropped by USD 1.12 to settle at USD 51.05.
On Monday, the metal prices showed a mixed trend on the non-ferrous metal market as prices of nickel, copper and lead rose moderately on increased demand from industrial users.
The metal prices showed a mixed trend.
The developer of a residential park in Telipok near here has been given two months to inspect and submit full reports to the authorities on defects to two of its semi-detached houses there.
The developer has been given two months to inspect and submit reports on defects.
President Obama toured a Chrysler plant in Michigan today and touted the success of the Government assisted bankruptcy that GM and Chrysler went through last year.
Obama toured and touted the success of the Government assisted bankruptcy GM and Chrysler went.
Bain Capital, the second-largest shareholder of Gome Electrical Appliance, may cut its holdings in Gome, reports the Guangzhou Daily.
Bain Capital may cut its holdings in Gome.
Turkey and Iraq have decided to ink 40 agreements next month for strategic cooperation between the countries at the first ministerial meeting here on Friday.
Turkey and Iraq have decided to ink 40 agreements for cooperation.
France is in talks with the United States and Israel to buy intelligence-gathering drones to build up a modern fleet, Defence Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said on Sunday, May 19, 2013.
France is in talks with the United States and Israel to buy drones.
Music mogul Simon Cowell has not yet signed his new £12million contract with ITV leaving his X-Factor future unknown.
Simon Cowell has not signed his new £ 12million contract with ITV leaving.
The party-pooping Philadelphia Phillies rallied in the ninth inning to edge the Toronto Blue Jays 7-6 on Friday in front of a raucous, near-capacity crowd celebrating the start of the Canada Day holiday weekend.
The Philadelphia Phillies rallied to edge the Toronto Blue Jays.
Valentino Rossi, six times MotoGP world champion and one of the world's best-loved sportsmen, will contest this year's Wales Rally GB -- the final round of the FIA World Rally Championship - in a car bearing support for the BBC's Children in Need appeal.
Valentino Rossi will contest this year's Wales Rally GB.
New eco-friendly homes in Somerset are using a ``thermal envelope'' to ensure they are energy efficient.
New homes are using a thermal envelope.
Washington's No. 2 diplomat said the US is open to dialogue with North Korea if it helps get international nuclear disarmament talks started again, and urged the regime Wednesday to take advantage of the opportunity.
Washington's diplomat said the US is open to dialogue with North Korea.
Courts should not show ``sympathy'' towards rapists who have ruined the lives of young girls to satisfy their lust, the Delhi high court has said, cautioning that letting them off can encourage others to commit such offence.
Courts should not show sympathy towards rapists.
Michael Jackson was 'probably' addicted to Demerol supplied by his dermatologist, a defence witness claims.
Michael Jackson was probably addicted to Demerol.
Jarkko Nieminen of Finland beat fifth-seeded Nikolay Davydenko 6-3, 7-6 in the second round of the Open Sud de France on Wednesday, defeating the Russian for the first time in 10 years and reaching his second quarterfinal of the season.
Jarkko Nieminen beat Nikolay Davydenko, in the round of the Open Sud de France.
Relay For Life reached the finish line Saturday morning.
Relay For Life reached the finish line.
A cent-per-cent channel centric vendor, QlikTech is scouting for implementation partners.
QlikTech is scouting for implementation partners.
Captain Nemanja Vidic has criticised Manchester United for their defending in their last two games.
Nemanja Vidic has criticised for Manchester United defending.
High-profiled whitegoods and electronics retailer Clive Peeters has suspended its shares from trading on the Australian Securities Exchange due to the discovery of ``accounting discrepancies'' that may affect its end-of-year financial results.
Clive Peeters has suspended its shares due to the discovery of accounting discrepancies.
Walter Martinez helped Honduras temporarily put aside thoughts of the political turmoil in its country with a goal in the 36th minute of the first half to beat Canada 1-0 and advance into the CONCACAF Gold Cup semifinal.
Honduras put to beat Canada 1 0 and advance into the semifinal.
A Stratford man was arrested Monday morning for breaking into his ex-girlfriend's apartment and vandalizing her home and car, police said.
A man was arrested for breaking and vandalizing her home and car.
COMPUTER games are bringing families closer together, new research indicates, contrary to the commonly held belief that they make us anti-social.
COMPUTER games are bringing families together, new research indicates.
The body of a man has been found washed up on a beach in Suffolk.
The body has been found washed up on a beach.
Molinari has charged up the leaderboard in the second round of the European PGA Championship on Friday.
Molinari has charged up the leaderboard.
Shruti Haasan is all set to make more news after she confirmed that she got a nose job done recently to look better.
Shruti Haasan got a nose job done.
The Queen made a poignant visit to Woolwich barracks on Friday morning to pay tribute to murdered soldier Drummer Lee Rigby, who was tragically murdered last week.
The Queen made a poignant visit to Woolwich barracks.
Andy Roddick, shown during the French Open, will lead the US team into Croatia for a Davis Cup quarterfinal series July 10-12.
Andy Roddick will lead the US team into Croatia.
The Indonesian and Thai Navies are holding joint anti-terrorism simulation training in Balikapapan waters, East Kalimantan, to anticipate terrorism crimes at sea.
The Indonesian and Thai Navies are holding joint anti-terrorism simulation training.
A new $2.1 million program to help needy Buffalo residents save on heating bills by making homes more energy-efficient was announced Monday by the state Attorney General's Office.
Buffalo residents save on heating bills.
The Sumner Hill Man to Man Breakfast is Friday in the school cafeteria.
The Sumner Hill Man to Man Breakfast is Friday.
A record number of British shoppers feel they have no spare cash as the higher cost of living and Government spending cuts hit bank balances.
A record number of shoppers feel they have no cash.
Scientists have identified digoxin as a possible therapy for prostate cancer, using a combination of laboratory science and epidemiology that is unprecedented in its cooperative nature.
Scientists have identified digoxin as a possible therapy for prostate cancer.
A young Brooklyn man was found with his throat slashed in his basement apartment Tuesday, and cops believe he may have been killed by a man he planned to sleep with, police sources said.
A Brooklyn man was found with his throat slashed.
News 10 has learned that a tree fell on a person on 8th Street near Collett Park in Terre Haute on Friday afternoon.
A tree fell on a person near Collett Park.
From Bi-Rite to the Tomato Tart, Mission residents are responding to the crisis in Japan with what they know best: food.
Mission residents are responding to the crisis in Japan.
A second woman has revealed that she had a relationship with David Letterman while she was an intern on The Late Show.
A second woman has revealed she had a relationship with David Letterman.
Angelina Jolie says that she eventually plans to ``fade away'' from acting so she can concentrate on raising her six children with partner Brad Pitt.
Angelina Jolie plans to fade from acting.
THE search for a second body in the case of missing 22-year-old Sian O'Callaghan has now moved to Gloucestershire.
THE search for a second body has moved to Gloucestershire.
The rising incidence of malignancy of prostrate has worried cancer experts, who believe that if not contained the disease may assume an epidemic form.
The incidence of malignancy of prostrate has worried cancer experts.
Desalination plant to be left on standby Updated: 08:09, Friday October 5, 2012 South Australia's government is facing calls to explain why its new 1.8 billion dollar desalination plant is to be mothballed, possibly until the next drought.
Desalination plant to be left on standby Updated.
``That's So Raven'' star Raven-Symone is headed to town as a guest of The Gala on Derby night.
Raven-Symone is headed as a guest of The Gala on Derby night.
The new panama city beach library opened it's doors to the public Wednesday morning.
The new beach library opened.
Russia called on Tuesday on North Korea to return to international talks on Pyongyang's nuclear programme.
Russia called on North Korea to return to talks.
Debt is slavery... or at least indentured servitude of the worst kind.
Debt is slavery.
A CHINESE boy is being cared for by social workers after immigration officials raided two city restaurants.
A boy is being cared for after immigration officials raided two city restaurants.
The Government was today urged to nationalise AIB following the announcement by the bank that it recorded a full-year net loss of €2.65billion, its first ever full-year loss.
The Government was today urged to nationalise AIB.
Technical Analyst, Ashwani Gujral is of the view that Tech Mahindra may correct to Rs 615-620 but over a medium term it could go to about Rs 830-850.
Tech Mahindra may correct to Rs 615 620.
Jackson said he hopes to return from a broken hand in time for the Bills' regular season opener Sept. 12.
Jackson hopes to return in time for the Bills ' regular season opener.
Pakistani troops say they killed 15 militants during a pre-drawn gunbattle near the border with Afghanistan on Sunday.The fighting took place in the Mohmand tribal area, where the Pakistani military is trying to flush out Taliban insurgents.Local officials say the clash began when at least 40 militants attacked a security checkpoint.
Pakistani troops say they killed 15 militants during a gunbattle.
Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd stood firm Wednesday against Japan's whaling, saying he would consider legal action, but shrugged off charges that he had ignored relations with the longtime ally.
Kevin Rudd stood firm against Japan's whaling.
Live-wire Lindsey Buckingham, not croaky Stevie Nicks, carried Fleetwood Mac Sunday night at the X.
Lindsey Buckingham, not croaky Stevie Nicks, carried Fleetwood Mac.
Cineplex Entertainment today announced plans to build a new theatre in southeast Calgary at Seton Boulevard and Deerfoot Trail.
Cineplex Entertainment today announced plans to build a new theatre in southeast Calgary.
A policeman from Coleraine has had charges against him dismissed at North Antrim Magistrate's Court.
A policeman has had charges dismissed.
AMIkids, formerly known as Associated Marine Institutes, unveils a new name, corporate logo and brand identity to reflect its national presence and track record of redirecting over 95,000 troubled youth who have been referred by the juvenile justice system or have failed in traditional school settings.
AMIkids unveils a new name, and brand identity.
Phil Hughes is throwing harder now than he did last year, said Yankees catcher Jose Molina.
Phil Hughes is throwing harder.
In an interview in the New York Times on Tuesday, New York City Council speaker and Democratic mayoral candidate Christine Quinn opened up about her long struggle with bulimia and alcoholism, and her eventual path to recovery.
Christine Quinn opened up about her struggle with bulimia.
A man found dead in the Fraser River in Prince George on July 29 has been identified as Colin Oliver Wesley, 65.
A man found dead in the Fraser River in Prince George has been identified.
A man died Thursday after he was pinned between a truck and a trailer at Clayton Homes.
A man died after he was pinned between a truck and a trailer.
Youth participation in decision-making processes is to receive a boost to enable the youth to voice out their concerns on a united front as political parties campaign for the December general elections and beyond.
Youth participation is to receive a boost.
Wells Fargo refinance mortgage rates have recently seen an all-time low but have bounced off its all-time low.
Wells Fargo refinance mortgage rates have seen.
Purdue Police report that a Purdue University student, 19, said she was assaulted on campus earlier today.
A Purdue University student said she was assaulted on campus.
The global economic outlook is improving slightly with the International Monetary Fund lifting its global growth forecasts for the next 18 months as the feared effects of the credit crisis turn out to be not as bad as expected.
The outlook is improving with the International Monetary Fund lifting its global growth forecasts for the next 18 months.
OK, I wrote this is response to a series of threads where people respond to this graduation speech; the gist of it ``Your parents lied to you, you were not special, and the Chinese can churn out thousands of talented people to replace you.''
You were not special.
A MILLION thoughtless drivers have now been caught flouting the law by using mobile phones at the wheel.
A MILLION drivers have been caught by using mobile phones at the wheel.
International Cricket Council President Sharad Pawar has said the Pakistan tour of England will continue as planned and tour will not called-off.
The tour will continue as planned.
APOPKA, Fla. ― A central Florida woman accused of leading deputies on a high-speed chase through three neighboring cities is behind bars.
APOPKA ― A Florida woman accused of leading deputies on a chase is.
While thousands are trying to overcome the devastating effect of the Queensland floods, two local women are doing their bit to help out in any way they can.
Two local women are doing their bit.
Hollywood actress Katie Holmes has sparked pregnancy rumors after she was spotted with a slight baby bump.
Katie Holmes has sparked pregnancy rumors.
Lindsay Lohan is too ``incredibly talented'' to fail at a career comeback, according to her new manager.
Lindsay Lohan is too talented to fail.
REUTERS/Ray Stubblebine A lackluster Novak Djokovic survived an unlikely battle with American world number 276 Jesse Witten before clinching a 6-7 6-3 7-6 6-4 victory in the third round of the US Open on Saturday.
Novak Djokovic survived an battle with American number 276 Jesse Witten.
The family members of the missing persons here Saturday staged a protest and asked the chief justice to help them recover their relatives.
The family members of the missing persons staged a protest.
Zynga launched CityVille, it's mega-city building game.
Zynga launched CityVille.
Sarkozy will open the Pacific Games in seven hours time.
Sarkozy will open the Pacific Games.
Major jihadist networks released a joint statement on the Syrian revolution and what they see as an attempt by the Syrian regime of Bashar al-Assad to deceptively fight it.
Jihadist networks released a joint statement on the Syrian revolution.
China slammed Hollywood actor and ``Batman'' star Christian Bale Wednesday for ``creating news'' after he was roughed up by security guards as he attempted to visit a blind legal activist whose detention has sparked a domestic and international outcry.
China slammed and Christian Bale for creating news.
Union Bridge adopted a debt management policy by the state's Oct. 1 deadline at Monday night's Town Council meeting.
Union Bridge adopted a debt management policy.
A Tamil website giving Puducherry news was recently launched by Chief Minister N. Rangasamy.
A Tamil website giving Puducherry news was launched.
Silvio Berlusconi, who is facing trial for allegedly paying an underage girl for sex, laughed off the ``bunga bunga'' scandal recently by joking about how many women have slept with him.
Silvio Berlusconi laughed off the scandal.
A Manchester man was indicted last week for trafficking jewelry stolen from a Barnegat home, according to the Monmouth County Prosecutor's Office.
A Manchester man was indicted for trafficking jewelry stolen from a Barnegat home.
The Hancock County commissioners have bought another flood prone property in an effort to reduce damages from flood waters.
The commissioners have bought another flood prone property.
Los Angeles, April 30 Socialite Paris Hilton has confirmed that she is back with ex-fiance and fashion model Jason Shaw.
April 30 Paris Hilton has confirmed she is back with ex-fiance.
Orlando Bloom has pulled out of Lone Scherfig's 'An Education' just days before shooting was set to begin, citing scheduling conflicts.
Orlando Bloom has pulled out of Lone Scherfig's An Education.
The NHL General Managers met Tuesday to discuss a number of topics.
The NHL General Managers met.
A 53-year-old woman was found dead in her apartment by a neighbor and her landlord Thursday morning, and the Shenandoah County Sheriff's Office is now waiting for a cause of death from the Office of the Medical Examiner.
A woman was found dead in her apartment.
CHINA will overtake Japan to become the second largest economy in the next two years, giving Beijing greater clout on the world stage and boosting the ruling Communists' stature at home, analysts say.
CHINA will overtake Japan.
Miami Dolphins receiver Brandon Marshall has provided the state attorney's office with a statement about the stabbing that sent him to the hospital more than two months ago.
Miami Dolphins receiver Brandon Marshall has provided the state attorney's office with a statement about the stabbing.
The grant will be used to fund a local information brochure about the services available in Cowra for cancer sufferers and their carers.
The grant will be used to fund a local information brochure.
The Daily Mail reports that Roy Keane has been sacked by Ipswich after a run of bad results saw the side slump to 19th place in the Championship.
Roy Keane has been sacked by Ipswich.
It may surprise some people that the benefits of exercise were known long ago and far away.
The benefits of exercise were known long ago.
Starbucks Corp. plans to introduce new warm breakfast pastries next week, the company said Tuesday.
Starbucks Corp. plans to introduce new breakfast pastries.
He ain't no Muhammad Ali, but the sports world has crowned him the ``Greatest of All-Time'' once again.
He ain't no Muhammad Ali.
A LIMASSOL resident was shocked yesterday to discover that furniture stored in the basement of her apartment building was stolen to light churchyard bonfires, or lambratzia as they are known.
A resident was to discover that furniture was stolen to light churchyard bonfires.
Along with being manufactured in Oshawa, Ontario for the North American market, the Cadillac XTS sedan will begin production in China, for the Chinese market.
The Cadillac XTS sedan will begin production in China, for the market.
The San Diego Padres today announced they have acquired right-handed pitcher Cory Burns from the Cleveland Indians in exchange for outfielder Aaron Cunningham.
The San Diego Padres have acquired Cory Burns from the Cleveland Indians in exchange for Aaron Cunningham.
SEATTLE Who loves Lucy?
Who loves Lucy.
Almost 7 million UK adults are living well beyond their means by spending more than they earn to fund their lifestyle, a new survey by Bright Grey has found.
Almost 7 million adults are living well beyond their means.
Lucknow, Dec 23 Steel Minister Beni Prasad Verma today said Uttar Pradesh could emerge as a centre for primary steel as well as trained workforce, and would develop faster once it starts producing raw material for big industries.
Uttar Pradesh could emerge as a centre for primary steel.
MSNBC chief Washington correspondent and Today contributor Norah O'Donnell, 34, and her husband Geoff Tracy are expecting their third child in July.
Norah O'Donnell are expecting their third child.
Internet security specialist Comodo has acquired DNS.com, a managed domain name system services provider.
Comodo has acquired DNS.com.
If you're like most Australians, you probably prefer the certainty of the status quo, but there are some important changes taking place in our property markets that all investors must understand.
You prefer, but there are some important changes taking in our property markets all investors must understand.
The Cathedral City Finance Department received an award for excellence in financial reporting for the sixth year in a row, city officials announced Friday.
The Cathedral City Finance Department received an award for excellence in financial reporting.
Former Spice Girls star Geri Halliwell largely avoids alcohol and sugary foods in a bid to stay healthy and alert for her young daughter.
Geri Halliwell avoids alcohol.
A Blount County grand jury indicted a Madisonville woman who is accused of trying to hire two men to vandalize the vehicle of her ex-husband's new wife.
A Blount County grand jury indicted a Madisonville woman.
House Foreign Affairs Committee member Rep. Donald Payne, DN.J., died Tuesday at the age of 77 from cancer.
Donald Payne died.
Hair product mogul Vidal Sassoon, worth about $150 million at the time of his death, disinherited his son.
Vidal Sassoon disinherited his son.
July 03, 2011 Vietnamese Protesters Denounce China in Maritime Dispute VOA News About 100 people rallied in Vietnam's capital, Hanoi, Sunday to protest China's recent actions in disputed regional waters.
July 03, 2011 Vietnamese Protesters Denounce China in Maritime Dispute VOA News.
Stern and two of Anna's doctors, Khristine Eroshevich and Dr. Sandeep Kapoor pleaded not guilty today in Los Angeles Superior Court to charges that they illegally supplied her with prescription drugs for years before her passing, Reuters reports.
Stern, pleaded not guilty.
Apr 12, Clyde Drexler, the much acclaimed NBA basketball player made an appearance on American television on 11th April 2010 for the show ``The Celebrity Apprentice''.
Apr 12, Clyde Drexler, the player made an appearance for the show The Celebrity Apprentice.
New York State Sen. Thomas P. Morahan, a longtime legislator who championed a law that expanded mental health insurance coverage, has died at a Manhattan hospital.
New York State Sen. Thomas P. Morahan has died.
Josh Beckett picked up first regular-season win in Cleveland -- where he pitched an October gem four years ago -- to lead the Boston Red Sox to a 4-2 win tonight over the Indians, who couldn't quite muster another late-inning rally and lost for just the fifth time at home.
Cleveland Josh Beckett pitched -- to lead the Boston Red Sox.
The Orioles purchased the contract of outfielder Nate McLouth on Saturday afternoon and have designated veteran outfielder Endy Chavez for assignment.
The Orioles purchased the contract of outfielder Nate McLouth and have designated Endy Chavez for assignment.
US Congressmen Bob Filner, D-Calif., recently introduced two pieces of pro-chiropractic legislation, including a bill that calls on the federal government to expedite expansion of the chiropractic benefit through the Department of Veterans Affairs healthcare system.
Congressmen Bob Filner introduced two pieces of pro-chiropractic legislation.
London, May 31 Actress Angelina Jolie says she is attracted to ``vulnerable'' characters and that she can't think of playing fantasy roles like Cinderella.
Angelina Jolie is attracted to vulnerable characters.
Carlsbad, Calif.-based ViaSat plans to buy WildBlue for $443 million in cash and $125 million in new common stock.
ViaSat plans to buy WildBlue.
The European Union probe into potential energy price manipulation has made no adverse findings against Royal Dutch Shell, CEO Peter Voser says at the company's annual general meeting, a week after antitrust regulators raided its offices.
The European Union probe into potential energy price manipulation has made no adverse findings.
A 20-year-old Penn State student reported she was raped Saturday in State College Borough by a known man, the State College Police Department said.
A Penn State student reported she was raped.
George W Bush will admit his ``flaws and mistakes'' in a forthcoming memoir that will focus on 14 decisions made during his eight years in the White House.
George W Bush will admit his flaws and mistakes in a memoir.
More big cruises are expected to sail into China this year to meet the growing needs of Chinese tourists.
More big cruises are expected to sail into China this year.
AUBURN, Ala. Authorities say an Auburn, Ala., infant died after having respiratory trouble during a scheduled visit to a doctor.
An Auburn, Ala., infant died after having during a visit to a doctor.
The Griffons cantered to an easy 43-8 win over the Valke in a Currie Cup First Division match played at the North West Stadium in Welkom on Saturday.
The Griffons cantered to an easy win.
President Chen Shui-bian will step down today, and is likely to be indicted shortly afterwards for corruption, like his wife, who is standing trial.
President Chen Shui-bian will step down today.
The Government needs to double its savings to a massive 15 billion euro over the coming years to meet its own targets, a stark forecast has warned.
The Government needs to double its savings.
With no deal on an income tax cut and no plan to return for a special session, the Oklahoma Legislature adjourned its 2012 session Friday.
The Oklahoma Legislature adjourned its 2012 session.
Hewlett Packard raised its quarterly dividend by 10 per cent, making good on a pledge to shareholders.
Hewlett Packard raised its quarterly dividend by 10 per cent.
It has been confirmed that Sir Ian McKellen will definitely be returning to his role as Gandalf in the upcoming epic, ``The Hobbit''.
Sir Ian McKellen will be returning to his role as Gandalf.
A sculpture of composer Aaron Copland will be unveiled at Tanglewood.
A sculpture will be unveiled at Tanglewood.
AP Business Writer ConocoPhillips will sell the remainder of its gas stations in the United States, the company said Wednesday, though Conoco, Phillips 66, and 76 will continue to operate under those familiar signs.
ConocoPhillips will sell the remainder of its gas stations.
British Energy shares took centre stage as the London market posted steady gains in morning trading.
British Energy shares took centre stage.
SA couple charged over porn, child abuse Updated: 07:14, Friday March 1, 2013 An Adelaide couple has been charged with child abuse and pornography offences after police tracked the two down from computer images.
Couple charged over porn, child abuse Updated.
Republican presidential hopeful John McCain is back in North Carolina, rallying supporters to defend what was once a reliably red state.
John McCain is back in North Carolina, rallying supporters.
A Denver firefighter has been injured in a natural gas explosion on the roof of a five-story downtown building.
A firefighter has been injured in a explosion.
Ace director Mani Ratnam, who has been admitted to Apollo Hospital in Chennai on Tuesday night after a minor heart attack, is likely to resume work after resting for a couple of days.
Mani Ratnam is likely to resume work.
News Service Defense and aerospace systems vendor Raytheon has acquired cybersecurity vendor Pikewerks in an effort to add to Raytheon's capabilities to defend against sophisticated threats facing customers in the intelligence, defense and commercial sectors, the companies announced Monday.
Systems vendor Raytheon has acquired cybersecurity Pikewerks.
Reverse Engineering Drives Expansion of 3D Engineering Solutions CINCINNATI, OH 03/24/08 New field engineers and a Unigraphics software upgrade from NX5 to a Mach 3 bundle provides more capability at 3D Engineering's 15,000 square-foot metrology lab operation in Cincinnati, as well as greater service coverage to customers on-site, anywhere in the world.
Reverse Engineering Drives Expansion of 3D Engineering Solutions CINCINNATI.
In an apparent reference to remarks against the Sangh by Rahul Gandhi and Digvijay Singh, RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat today expressed concern over attempts to link Hindutva with communalism and terrorism.
Mohan Bhagwat today expressed concern over attempts to link Hindutva with communalism.
Potomac Edison, a subsidiary of FirstEnergy Corp., continues to conduct vegetation management work across its service area in Western Maryland and the Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia as part of its ongoing efforts to help enhance system reliability.
Potomac Edison continues to conduct vegetation management work as part of its efforts to help enhance system reliability.
A SERIAL Strathearn shoplifter was given porridge for Christmas when he was jailed for 12-and-a-half months at Perth Sheriff Court.
A shoplifter was given porridge for Christmas.
Class of 2010 four-star quarterback Dallas Lloyd will return from his mission to Chile in early April, and report to The Farm in time for summer school.
Class of Dallas Lloyd will return from his mission in April.
Brazilian star Robinho signed for Serie A giants AC Milan on Tuesday on a four-year contract for 15million euros from English Premier League side Manchester City where he had an unhappy two year spell.
Robinho signed for AC Milan.
CHEAPER fuel prices sent inflation falling at its fastest rate for 16 years during October and paved the way for more interest-rate cuts yesterday.
Prices sent inflation falling at its fastest rate for 16 years.
FULL METAL JACKIE adds KUPD/PHOENIX as the newest affiliate of the show on the ENVISION ROCK NETWORK.
FULL METAL JACKIE adds KUPD PHOENIX.
Oden is apologizing Tuesday Jan. 26, 2010 for nude photos that have surfaced on the internet.
Oden is apologizing for nude photos.
We are now able to add a few more names to the picture which is believed to have been taken at the Cowra Billiard Room in the 1940's, possibly located opposite where the Breakout Motel currently is.
We are able to add a few more names to the picture.
US markets tumbled Tuesday as escalating violence in Libya turned investor attention to oil price inflation.
US markets tumbled Tuesday.
Dutch winger Ryan Babel has accused Liverpool boss Rafa Benitez of breaking promises which could wreck his World Cup dream.
Ryan Babel has accused Rafa Benitez of breaking promises.
After playing guessing games in the media, Olly Murs has officially confirmed that he is returning as co-host of ``The Xtra Factor.''
Olly Murs has confirmed he is returning as co-host of The Xtra Factor.
'Dad's Army' co-creator David Croft has died at the age of 89.
Dad's Army co-creator David Croft has died.
Craig Levein has agreed a deal in principle to become Scotland manager and is set to be officially unveiled on Wednesday.
Craig Levein has agreed a deal in principle.
Warren Buffett says it is ``quite clear stocks are cheaper than bonds'' right now, but notes that relationship will change eventually when confidence in the economy is inevitably restored.
Warren Buffett says it is quite clear stocks are cheaper than bonds.
A Welsh pub has been banned from selling alcohol for a month as part of a series of tough measures to reduce bad behaviour, the local council said today.
A pub has been banned from selling alcohol.
Calif. teen charged in theft of celebrity chef's Lamborghini, police say he kept weapons cache
Calif. teen charged in theft of celebrity chef's Lamborghini.
Japan, mired in its worst stand-off with China in years, warned on Tuesday that all sides must avoid ``extreme nationalism'' and stressed the wider region's need for Asia's two biggest powers to get along.
Japan warned all sides must avoid extreme nationalism.
The Mexican army seized over 12.3 tons of marijuana at a checkpoint in the country's northwestern state of Sinaloa, the army said on Monday.
The Mexican army seized over 12.3 tons of marijuana.
Muqtada al-Sadr--the radical Shiite cleric whose militia was involved in some of the bloodiest battles of the Iraq war--returned to Iraq today, after almost four years of self-imposed exile in Iran.
Muqtada al-Sadr returned to Iraq.
FEMEN group has been officially registered in France, FEMEN said in a press release issued on Friday.
FEMEN group has been officially registered in France.
South Korea has formally lifted an import ban on US beef, allowing meat from young cattle to be shipped into the country.
South Korea has lifted an ban on US beef.
A Pakistani anti-terrorism court yesterday issued an arrest warrant for former president Pervez Musharraf over the assassination of ex-prime minister Benazir Bhutto, a public prosecutor said.
A Pakistani court issued an arrest warrant for Pervez Musharraf.
Exide Technologies, an international maker and recycler of lead-acid batteries, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on June 10 in US Bankruptcy Court in the District of Delaware.
Exide Technologies filed in Bankruptcy Court.
Arsenal striker Robin van Persie has admitted that he is to discuss his Gunners future next week, insisting that, whatever happens, he will always love the club.
Robin van Persie is to discuss his Gunners future next week.
The Islamabad Police have arrested 44 outlaws involved in street crimes and recovered stolen property worth millions of rupees including snatched cars, mobile phones, gold ornaments and other valuables, police spokesman said.
The Police have arrested 44 outlaws.
The New Zealand dollar moved in a 1c range against the greenback as the United States currency broadly lost more ground amid troubles in the Middle East.
The New Zealand dollar moved in a 1c range against the greenback.
A Knox County woman is charged with TennCare fraud, accused of ``doctor shopping,'' or using TennCare to go to multiple doctors in a short time period to obtain controlled substances.
A Knox County woman is charged, accused of doctor shopping.
Dempsey tweeted Friday night that ``there are two sides to every story,'' and ``the truth will come out soon.''
Dempsey tweeted there are two sides, and the truth will come soon.
Though it's not much different from the original version, Google has released a new version of Froyo.
Google has released a new version of Froyo.
Pollenware, a Mission Woods, Kan. company that calls itself the ``global market for working capital,'' on Wednesday announced it has raised a $9.1 million round of funding led by Union Square Ventures of New York.
Pollenware has raised a $ 9.1 million round led by Union Square Ventures.
The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall have taken their first joint trip on the London Underground.
The Prince of Wales and Duchess have taken their trip on the London Underground.
Two surfers who overheard calls for help near Sunset Cliffs helped rescue a man trapped by the high tide.
Two surfers helped rescue a man trapped by the high tide.
Chicago Cubs minor league outfield prospect Jorge Soler has been suspended for five games after an incident in Wednesday night's Florida State League game between Class A Daytona and Clearwater.
Chicago Cubs league prospect Jorge Soler has been suspended.
Joshua, is a master conman who is scheming to impose himself on Ghana, and would turn the country's blessings into curses if he is not told a piece or two.
Joshua, is a conman.
Deutsche Bank, which has navigated the crisis better than many large rivals, plans to hire more investment bankers in the Americas as it readies for an eventual turnaround, a top executive said on Wednesday.
Deutsche Bank plans to hire more investment bankers.
Harry Potter author JK Rowling wins a privacy case appeal involving pictures of her young son.
JK Rowling wins a privacy case appeal.
US Senator Edward Kennedy, a leading Democrat and patriarch of a prominent American political dynasty, has been hospitalised in Boston, a spokesman for a hospital in Cape Cod said on Saturday.
US Senator Edward Kennedy has been hospitalised in Boston.
Air China recently introduced the ``Fast Track'' service at the airport of Bangkok to benefit its premium customers.
Air China introduced the Fast Track service at the airport of Bangkok.
Eight Notre Dame football players were among 44 people arrested at a house party early Saturday morning.
Eight Notre Dame football players were among 44 people arrested at a house party.
China will start a program to dispatch 30,000 experts to grassroots units to solve problems at primary level and enhance local talent building, sources with Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security said Wednesday.
China will start a program to dispatch 30,000 experts to grassroots units.
A Natchitoches doctor has surrendered his medical license after being accused of improperly prescribing pain medications to a patient.
A Natchitoches doctor has surrendered his medical license.
Jetstar has launched a new campaign looking to ``ease the burden'', which sees it give customers who book with them a 30 cent per litre discount off petrol.
Jetstar has launched a new campaign looking to ease the burden.
Penn State is banning bags from home athletic events this fall.
Penn State is banning bags from athletic events.
Leo Cullen will make his 50th Heineken Cup appearance in the colours of Leinster against his former club Leicester Tigers at Welford Road.
Leo Cullen will make his 50th appearance.
Aker Solutions has signed a contract to design, build and supply heavy oil separation equipment to an floating production, storage and offloading vessel operated by OSX, an EBX group company, in Brazil.
Aker Solutions has signed a contract to design, build and supply heavy oil separation equipment, in Brazil.
Police know how thieves made off with more than $20,000 worth of iPods from a local Best Buy early yesterday.
Thieves made off with more than $ 20,000 worth of iPods.
Openly gay actor Jesse Tyler Ferguson wants to marry Alec Baldwin in New York, but can't because gay marriage is illegal in the state.
Gay actor Jesse Tyler Ferguson wants to marry Alec Baldwin.
Frontier Airlines today announced new nonstop service between its Denver, Colo., hub and Cincinnati, OH, with six weekly nonstop flights beginning on May 16.
Frontier Airlines today announced nonstop service between its Denver and Cincinnati with six flights beginning on May 16.
The Knights clinched first place overall and became OHL regular-season champs for the fifth time in the last decade with a 3-0 win over the last-place Erie Otters with their wiry backup kicking aside 19 shots before 4,504 Saturday night at Tullio Arena.
The Knights clinched first place.
Conn. Democrats plan debate on whether to censure Sen. Lieberman, ask him to leave party
Conn. Democrats plan debate on to censure Lieberman.
RTÉ HAS DEFENDED its coverage of the so-called Lowry Tapes controversy, stating it was ``what the story deserved''.
RTÉ HAS DEFENDED its coverage of the Lowry Tapes controversy.
It's almost Valentine's Day and for one West Michigan couple, their relationship blossomed in the most unlikely place.
It's almost Valentine's Day and for one West Michigan couple, their relationship blossomed.
José Carreras, one of opera's greats, will perform at the Bryce Jordan Center on Sunday, March 18, it was announced today.
José Carreras will perform at the Bryce Jordan Center.
Tobacco companies paid Hollywood stars in the 1930s and 1940s millions of dollars in today's money to endorse certain brands of cigarettes, research has found.
Tobacco companies paid stars to endorse brands of cigarettes.
Across the UK, Hilton Worldwide is today launching a major recruitment drive to fill 700 vacancies, from management to entry level positions, and is expanding its apprenticeship scheme resulting in 100 new opportunities.
Hilton Worldwide is today launching a major recruitment drive.
London ``Facebook overtook Microsoft websites in Britain for the first time last month, becoming the UK's second-most popular after Google as people aged over 50 flocked to social networks,'' online measurement body UKOM/Nielsen said.
Facebook overtook Microsoft websites, becoming the UK, UKOM Nielsen said.
A teen killed in a parking lot crash at a metro high school was remembered by several hundred people at a memorial service on Wednesday.
A teen killed in a parking lot crash was remembered.
In what Politico bills ``the first definitive history of the Clinton scandal,'' former White House intern Monica Lewinsky says former President Bill Clinton lied under oath when describing their romantic encounters.
The history, Monica Lewinsky says Bill Clinton lied under oath.
A Bourbonnais man pleaded not guilty Wednesday in federal court after prosecutors alleged that he split more than $5 million into smaller bank deposits to avoid financial reporting requirements.
A Bourbonnais man pleaded not guilty in federal court.
YouTube has launched a free movie service that will allow users to view full movies for free.
YouTube has launched a free movie service.
Indian Premier League team Rajasthan Royals on Monday were slapped with a Rs 100 crore penalty by the Enforcement Directorate for violation of the Foreign Exchange Maintenance Act.
Rajasthan Royals were slapped with a Rs 100 crore penalty by the Enforcement Directorate.
Bruno has been banned in the Ukraine due to its immoral message and images.
Bruno has been banned in the Ukraine.
Police said three Somerset County men are facing rape and statutory rape charges after police said they had sex with underage girls.
Three Somerset County men are facing rape charges.
Koala bears could be extinct within 30 years as the dwindling population faces threats from disease and climate change, conservation groups have warned.
Koala bears could be extinct within 30 years.
As the stand-off between Iran and the West continues over its nuclear programme, the US has said India should use its ``influence'' to convince the Iranian leadership to accept the ``one of the most reasonable'' and ``perfectly plausible'' proposals of low enrichment uranium.
India should use its influence to convince the Iranian leadership.
McDonald finds soccer club form again Updated: 18:01, Sunday November 4, 2012 Scott McDonald is banging in the goals again and building a strong case to earn another shot at making his mark with the Socceroos.
McDonald finds soccer club form is banging again.
Ashley Judd and her husband are selling their Scottish home for £3.8 million.
Ashley Judd are selling their Scottish home.
Vietnam on Wednesday freed a US-trained human rights lawyer who had served more than three years of a five-year jail sentence he received for ``activities aimed at overthrowing'' the one-party Communist government, according to family members.
Vietnam freed a rights lawyer.
The State Department says that North Korea has launched a rocket, following through on its promise of a launch despite international criticism.
The State Department says North Korea has launched a rocket.
It has emerged another £100.000 could be required to protect the iconic Aberdeenshire village of Pennan from the dangers of landslides.
£ 100.000 could be required to protect the village of Pennan from the dangers of landslides.
President-elect Barack Obama names his economic team today and may call for the next Congress to quickly pass a massive stimulus plan that would dwarf even his campaign proposals to salvage the country's financial wreckage.
Barack Obama names his economic team today.
Texas and Texas A\u0026M officials are scheduled to meet to discuss the future of their athletic programs and the Big 12 amid speculation the league could be raided by rival conferences and broken apart.
Texas and Texas A\u0026M officials are scheduled to meet to discuss the future and the Big 12.
Target Corp. said Thursday it plans to open its Inver Grove Heights store in July.
Target Corp. said it plans to open its Inver Grove Heights store in July.
The Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf has set the stage at the Minar-e-Pakistan for its rally, which the Imran Khan-led party says is going to create a new Pakistan.
The Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf has set the stage at the Minar-e-Pakistan for its rally.
Wedding rings of great sentimental value were among property stolen in burglaries at two adjoining houses in Glynbridge Gardens, Bridgend, sometime between 1.30pm and 4.30pm on Tuesday, January 3.
Wedding rings were among property stolen in burglaries at two adjoining houses.
Rihanna has postponed a sold-out concert scheduled for Friday in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, a spokesman for show organizer Pineapple Concerts confirmed to E!
Rihanna has postponed a concert.
IATA director general Giovanni Bisignani lambasted monopoly suppliers during his IATA flagship address, but he also heaped praise on proactive industry partners which have worked to softenthe impact of the downturn.
Giovanni Bisignani lambasted monopoly suppliers.
Scotland full-back Hugo Southwell has been ruled out of this autumn's World Cup due to a knee injury.
Scotland full-back Hugo Southwell has been ruled out of this autumn's World Cup.
Hartselle salvaged a split in Tuesday afternoon's doubleheader with rival Cullman at Reuben Sims Field, but the Tigers' loss in the opener was costly.
Hartselle salvaged a split with Cullman.
India posted a record current account deficit of 6.7 per cent of GDP in the quarter ending in December as once-healthy exports stalled and imports surged on high oil and gold prices, the country's central bank said yesterday.
India posted a record current account deficit.
China is conducting naval drills in the East China Sea That is likely to further strain relations between China and Japan.
China is conducting naval drills.
John Hopkins made history twice today.
John Hopkins made history.
Chennai, Oct 1 Amit Mishra's inclusion in the Indian squad for the first two Tests against Australia might appear as a big surprise, but the Haryana leggie insists he was expecting the national call for last one year.
The leggie was expecting the call for last one year.
A Pendleton police officer has been cleared in a recent shooting that seriously injured one man.
A Pendleton officer has been cleared in a shooting.
Washington Redskins rookie defensive end Jarvis Jenkins is expected to have surgery to repair his torn ACL sometime next week, according to his agent, Joe Flanagan.
Jarvis Jenkins is expected to have surgery to repair next week.
Robert and MTV go movie shopping at Blockbuster in promotion of Robert's film ``Gothika'' and he chooses three movies.
Robert go at Blockbuster.
Oscar winner Charlize Theron reportedly listened to Indian chanting music for ``relaxation'' during her latest Dior campaign shootout.
Charlize Theron listened to Indian chanting music.
BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. Kennedy Wilson Auction Group, a division of the national real estate services and investment firm Kennedy Wilson, conducted a highly successful auction on October 25, 2009 of new luxury condominiums at Forest Circle, in Castro Valley, California.
Calif. Kennedy Wilson Auction Group conducted a highly successful auction, in Castro Valley, California.
Shanklin auto shrink wrap machine, available from Get Packed , is a continuous side sealing shrink wrapper with speeds of up to 65 packages per minute.
Shanklin auto shrink wrap machine, available from Get Packed, is.
One in four Britons is currently struggling to pay all essential bills, a survey showed today.
One in four Britons is struggling to pay all essential bills.
Nurses affiliated with the Nursing Association of Nepal in protest of the use of force by the Health Ministry have suspended their services in government hospitals across the country.
Nurses have suspended their services in government hospitals.
USA star Landon Donovan has spoken of his plan to beat England on Saturday and then have Johnny Depp play him in the resulting movie.
Star Landon Donovan has spoken of his plan to beat England have Johnny Depp play in the movie.
Book profits in Tech Mahindra in this upmove, says Mitesh Thacker, Technical Analyst, miteshthacker.com.
Book profits in Tech Mahindra.
Authorities say 19 alleged members of an outlaw motorcycle gang are in custody on suspicion of various drug and illegal firearms charges.
19 alleged members of an motorcycle gang are in custody.
A city firefighter owns the North Philly nuisance bar that served as a backdrop for a spate of shootings that left Police Officer Ashley Hoggard and three other men wounded on Sunday.
A firefighter owns the nuisance bar.
Ronaldo warned Mario Balotelli not to ``waste his talent like Adriano,'' praised Cesare Prandelli's Italy and trusts Massimo Moratti to do what's best for Inter.
Ronaldo warned Mario Balotelli.
Indian corn futures erased early gains and ended down on Thursday after spot prices eased due to lower demand from the poultry industry, but prices may recover on exports and low acreage, analysts said.
Indian corn futures erased early gains and ended down.
Toddler saved in Perth supermarket The IGA has released vision of a remarkable rescue after a two-year-old girl became unconscious in one of its Perth stores.
Toddler saved in Perth supermarket.
Eyewitness News discovered a New York-based bus company operating in the Charlotte area has multiple federal safety violations on its record.
A bus company operating in the Charlotte area has multiple safety violations.
Jenny Frost is apparently welcome to rejoin Atomic Kitten whenever she's ready, despite not taking part in the group's stint on The Big Reunion.
Jenny Frost is welcome to rejoin Atomic Kitten she 's.
London In a new report, a leading charity has warned that climate change could kill more than 400,000 children every year in the future because of floods and droughts.
Climate change could kill more than 400,000 children every year.
Leicester City skipper Matt Oakley says missed chances are at the root of a slide in the team's current fortunes.
Leicester City skipper Matt Oakley says missed chances are.
While there are no firm numbers, WSU is preparing for cuts ranging from seven to 11 percent.
WSU is preparing for cuts.
The Astronomical Society of South Africa said on Wednesday a meteor had no monetary value and belonged to the state where it landed.
A meteor had and belonged to the state.
A Greer couple was sentenced Thursday for filing false tax returns, Anne M. Tompkins, US Attorney for the Western District of North Carolina, announced in a written statement.
A Greer couple was sentenced for filing false tax returns.
What happened to our jaded media who looked for the fire when they even had a glimpse of smoke?
What happened to our media.
RED Digital Cinema has officially released its third industry-changing camera, the Scarlet-X.
RED Digital Cinema has officially released.
Oman is looking for alternative fuel for its planned power projects becuase its gas production cannot meet rising demand, state-owned Oman Power and Water Procurement Co. said on Tuesday.
Oman is looking for alternative fuel for its power projects.
Barack Obama, the victorious Democratic presidential nominee, has met former rival Hillary Clinton privately as the party sought to unite for the general election campaign after a long nomination battle.
Barack Obama has met Hillary Clinton.
Crude oil prices topped $77 per barrel Wednesday, a day after oil executives testified in Washington that the gulf oil spill was an anomaly.
Crude oil prices topped $ 77.
While much of the computer-gaming industry seems to be angling toward the larger casual-gaming consumer base, Nintendo says it hasn't forgotten its traditional core-gamer roots.
Nintendo says it hasn't forgotten its roots.
The Glacier County Sheriff's Office says a 49-year-old woman was struck and killed by a vehicle on US Highway 89 west of Browning.
A woman was struck and killed by a vehicle on US Highway 89 west of Browning.
The net profit of the Thrissur-based South Indian bank rose by 24.44 % to touch Rs 94.95 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2011.
The net profit of the South Indian bank rose by 24.44%.
Bulls rally from 16 down to beat Nets 92-90 Carlos Boozer had 29 points and 18 rebounds, Nate Robinson made the go-ahead basket with 22 seconds left, and the Chicago Bulls overcame a 16-point deficit to beat the Brooklyn Nets 92-90 on Thursday night.
Bulls rally from 16 down to beat Nets 92 90 Carlos Boozer had.
Thousands of tourists, pilgrims and clergy converged on Bethlehem on Friday as the town of Jesus' birth prepared to celebrate Christmas Eve.
Thousands of tourists, pilgrims and clergy converged on Bethlehem.
Agrifast, a European leader in fastening products for agriculture, has launched its new mod.240, an electric tying machine for fastening irrigation PE pipeline to the wire.
Agrifast has launched its new mod.240.
Illinois Governor Rod R. Blagojevich today celebrated the consolidation of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange and the Chicago Board of Trade by ringing the opening bell to start trading at the CBOT building.
Illinois Governor Rod R. Blagojevich today celebrated the consolidation of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange and the Chicago Board of Trade.
FALLEN soccer idol Paul Gascoigne left psychiatric hospital last night three weeks after he was sectioned for his bizarre behaviour.
Paul Gascoigne left psychiatric hospital.
Don Payne, an Emmy-winning writer and producer for ``The Simpsons'' who also co-wrote ``Thor,'' died at the age of 48 on Wednesday, March 27.
Don Payne, an writer and producer for The Simpsons, died at the age of 48.
A woman who embezzled hundreds of thousands of dollars from a Carroll County school has been sentenced to jail for failing to pay restitution.
A woman has been sentenced for failing to pay restitution.
The Boston Globe union has agreed to concessions in their standoff with the Globe's owners - to the tune of $10M.
The Boston Globe union has agreed to concessions.
London, June 21 Hollywood superstar Tom Cruise has introduced actor Will Smith and football star David Beckham to fencing.
Tom Cruise has introduced Will Smith and David Beckham to fencing.
Singer David Cook is to run his first marathon to honor his brother, who lost his cancer battle in 2009.
David Cook is to run his marathon to honor his brother.
Stoke are set to complete a triple signing ahead of Wednesday's transfer deadline.
Stoke are set to complete a triple signing ahead.
Telecom New Zealand has put its dividend reinvestment plan, and the associated on-market share buyback of its shares, on hold over uncertainties with the government's broadband plan.
Telecom New Zealand has put its dividend reinvestment plan on hold.
Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade was named to the All-NBA first team after averaging a league-leading 30.2 points per game this season.
Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade was named to the All-NBA first team.
Virgin Mobile has launched a mobile broadband product, offering consumers a 3G data modem for R50/month over a 24-month contract term.
Virgin Mobile has launched a broadband product.
WrestleNewz.com is reporting that WWE has officially dropped the RAW SuperShow name for their Monday night broadcasts and will go back to simply being RAW.
WWE has dropped the RAW SuperShow name.
Giancarlo Fisichella lamented his lack of running during second practice for the Belgian Grand Prix after crashing out in the tricky conditions.
Giancarlo Fisichella lamented his lack of running.
The White House says President Barack Obama will travel to Philadelphia and New York next week to continue pressing his energy policies and to attend an annual meeting of a civil rights group headed by activist Al Sharpton.
Barack Obama will travel to Philadelphia and New York next week.
South Korea suspends imports of US wheat following this week's discovery of an unapproved strain of genetically modified wheat that prompted Japan to cancel a wheat order and the European Union to step up tests.
South Korea suspends imports of US wheat following this week's discovery of an unapproved strain.
Several Taiwanese naval vessels, coast guard ships and fighter jets conducted a fishery protection drill in waters south of Taiwan on Thursday.
Taiwanese vessels, conducted a fishery protection drill.
NAGICO Insurances has stepped in to sponsor the domestic 20-20 cricket league scheduled to begin this weekend at the Virgin Gorda Recreation Ground.
NAGICO Insurances has stepped in to sponsor the domestic cricket league.
Riots in Britain spread outside London as trouble broke out in Birmingham, Bristol and Liverpool, media reports said Tuesday.
Riots spread outside London.
CBRE Group Inc. today announced that it has been selected by Shanghai Tower Construction \u0026 Development Co., Ltd. to provide property management consultancy services for the iconic Shanghai Tower--a 2,073-ft. super-tall skyscraper currently under construction in the Lujiazui district of Shanghai, China.
CBRE Group Inc. has been selected by Shanghai Tower Construction \u0026 Development Co.,, Ltd. to provide property management consultancy services.
Nvidia expects that real DirectX 11 titles will start showing up in six to twelve months and this was confirmed by Nvidia's Vice President Toni Tamassi and the Director of The Way It's Meant To Be Played program Ashu Rege.
Nvidia expects DirectX 11 titles will start showing up in six to twelve months.
Houston outfielder Carlos Lee underwent successful surgery on his left pinky finger at The Methodist Hospital Monday.
Houston outfielder Carlos Lee underwent successful surgery.
WORKERS at a solicitors in Warwick had to be hospitalised after inhaling toxic fumes from cleaning products.
WORKERS had to be hospitalised after inhaling toxic fumes.
Soccer star David Beckham is attempting to combat child malnutrition.
David Beckham is attempting to combat child malnutrition.
A central Indiana city is considering whether to give away an unused fire station building to a nonprofit group.
A central Indiana city is considering to give away an unused fire station building.
The local branch of the NAACP will observe Human Rights Day today with a march and rally.
The local branch of the NAACP will observe Human Rights Day today.
The Seattle Seahawks released back up tight end Evan Moore and promoted tight end Sean McGrath from the practice squad to their 53-man roster.
The Seattle Seahawks released up tight end Evan Moore.
The ``Don't Ask, Don't Tell'' policy on gays and lesbians serving in the military has officially been repealed and is no longer in effect.
The Don't Ask,, Don't Tell policy has been repealed.
``The mission has been stopped, because it has become impossible to find bodies or debris in the search area,'' said Lt Col Henry Munhoz, quoted in the newspaper Folha.
The mission has been stopped.
At 13.11 hrs IST, the Nifty was hovering around 5400 with positive bias.
The Nifty was hovering around 5400.
Mysore's Azgar stole the show in the two-wheeler category of the VASA Autocross here on Sunday.
Mysore's Azgar stole the show.
Donald Trump, the billionaire businessman who is considering running for president of the United States, is facing questions over his voting record.
Donald Trump is facing questions over his voting record.
The last date for submitting applications for the first professional MBBS examinations of the Kerala University to be held from March 7 without fine is February 22.
The last date for submitting applications is.
Actress, cricket show host, and emcee Mandira Bedi has given birth to a baby boy.
Actress and Mandira Bedi has given birth to a baby boy.
President Barack Obama on Monday nominated John Brennan, his chief counter-terrorism adviser, to be the next CIA director.
Barack Obama nominated John Brennan to be the CIA director.
Chicago Bulls forward Taj Gibson missed Tuesday night's 121-76 win against the Philadelphia 76ers after suffering a concussion Saturday, and Kurt Thomas replaced him in the starting lineup.
Taj Gibson missed, and Kurt Thomas replaced.
Three Illinois State graduate students are joining the Peace Corps to finish their master's degrees.
Three Illinois State graduate students are joining the Peace Corps.
New Jersey election results for the NJ governor race is hot.
New Jersey election results is.
Edward Woodward, 79, an urbane and versatile British stage actor who specialized in playing introspective men of conscience and who gained his widest following on the TV drama ``The Equalizer'' as a disillusioned spy who offers his services to ordinary people, died of pneumonia Nov. 16 at a hospital in Cornwall, England.
Edward Woodward, 79 died.
A Cuero family lost all their belongings, including Christmas gifts, in a Christmas morning fire at their mobile home.
A Cuero family lost their belongings in a Christmas morning fire.
Mecca Bingo are kicking off the New Year with a bang, by offering all their new bingo players free bingo games every day.
Mecca Bingo are kicking, by offering their new bingo players free bingo games.
Senior most Judge of the Supreme Court Justice Javed Iqbal took oath as Acting Chief Justice of Pakistan on Thursday in the Supreme Court.
Judge of the Javed Iqbal took oath as Acting Chief Justice.
Tyco Electronics Corp. plans to close its Henrietta facility later this year as it moves manufacturing jobs there to Asia.
Tyco Electronics Corp. plans to close its Henrietta facility.
Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is in an ``almost stable'' condition though suffering from ``severe depression,'' the head of the medical team supervising him said today.
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is in an stable condition though suffering from depression.
FIREFIGHTERS from across South Yorkshire will be washing cars for charity while waiting for 999 calls to come in.
FIREFIGHTERS will be washing cars.
Bayern Munich striker, Ivica Olic, has hoped to make a strong comeback in the next season after suffering a knee injury which kept the striker out for most of the campaign.
Bayern Munich striker, Ivica Olic, has hoped to make a strong comeback in the next season.
An argument reportedly turned physical Thursday when a Hart High School student on his way to school was hit on the head with a baseball bat.
A student was hit with a baseball bat.
President Barack Obama will appear on an episode of ``Mythbusters'', which will air on December 8 th on the Discovery channel.
Barack Obama will appear on an episode of Mythbusters.
US firm Minerva Networks has won ten new North American telco customers for its iTVManager IPTV middleware.
Minerva Networks has won ten new North American customers.
A nursing professor at the University of Missouri in the US has claimed that healthcare providers need to be educated to recognise the signs of domestic violence.
Healthcare providers need to be educated to recognise the signs of domestic violence.
But there are now media accounts of at least one Clark leadership event that put the premier and convicted gunman in the same room.
That put the premier and convicted gunman in the same room.
Action-packed Max Payne shot its way to the top of the North American box office, grossing $18 million during the video game adaptation's first weekend in theatres, according to studio estimates on Sunday.
Max Payne shot to the top of the box office.
Unions representing the staff at Spanish airline Iberia called off a threat to strike next week after most of them accepted a revised restructuring plan that saves hundreds of jobs slated for elimination by the loss-making unit of International Consolidated Airlines Group SA.
Unions Iberia called off a threat to strike.
With the budget and without, this is infrastructure season for investors.
And this is infrastructure season for investors.
A celebrity doctor has been struck off the medical register for two years, after engaging in oral sex with a patient in his Sydney Surgery.
A doctor has been struck, after engaging in oral sex with a patient.
Former Republican House Majority Leader Tom DeLay is expected to leave Dancing with the Stars Tuesday night because of stress fractures in both feet.
Tom DeLay is expected to leave Dancing with the Stars Tuesday night.
Agents should not be allowed to sell travel insurance, according to the founder of a leading insurance provider.
Agents should not be allowed to sell travel insurance.
Bhubaneswar, Gillnetting, a common fishing method, is killing endangered dolphins in India and Indonesia, experts at a two-day international conference on Irrawaddy dolphins here said.
Bhubaneswar, Gillnetting is killing dolphins in India and Indonesia.
Scottie Wilbekin had 14 points and eight assists, Pat Young recorded his sixth double-double of the season and No. 7 Florida handled No. 25 Kentucky 69-52 on Tuesday night.
Florida handled Kentucky 69 - 52.
Finance minister Michael Cullen is defending the drawn out delivery of tax cuts over three years.
Michael Cullen is defending the drawn delivery of tax cuts.
More wildcat strikes are expected on Wednesday as unions and managers struggle to defuse an increasingly bitter row over using foreign workers.
More wildcat strikes are expected.
CARTA has a new look that's also a solution to a budget crisis from high gas prices.
CARTA has a new look.
Two Florida men were arrested on drug trafficking charges Monday afternoon after a traffic stop along I-24 in Lyon County.
Two men were arrested on drug trafficking charges.
TAYLOR Swift seemed to forgive Kanye West for his stage invasion at the MTV Video Music Awards Sunday night.
TAYLOR Swift seemed to forgive Kanye West.
The Royals get Josh Donaldson in a rundown at third base after Coco Crisp singles to right field
The Royals get Josh Donaldson in a rundown.
A woman, her newly born child died under suspicious circumstances under at industrial town Mandi Gobindgarh of district Fatehgarh Sahib.
A woman, her newly born child died under suspicious circumstances under.
Stephen Harper is desperately saying one thing and doing another.
Stephen Harper is saying one thing and doing.
WASHINGTON Sen. Edward Kennedy, who has brain cancer and has been recovering on Cape Cod, Mass., is returning to Washington.
Edward Kennedy, who has is returning to Washington.
A Dubuque man charged with threatening to commit terrorism, reportedly called for a ``Doomsday'' in Dubuque that would occur on June 8.
A man charged with threatening, called for a Doomsday.
Two Raleigh charter schools may be saved from closure after public relations campaigns and promises to improve.
Two charter schools may be saved.
A controversial San Luis Obispo County ordinance that could limit the way you wash your car gets the green light from the Board of Supervisors.
A San Luis Obispo County ordinance that could limit the way you wash your car gets.
Primera Liga teams Villarreal and Sevilla suffered shock defeats at third-tier sides Poli Ejido and Ponferradina in the first legs of their King's Cup last-32 ties on Wednesday.
Villarreal and Sevilla suffered shock defeats.
Amnesty International called on Iran on Tuesday to free a female journalist who on the weekend started a one-year prison term on charges of ``spreading propaganda against the system'' and ``insulting'' President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
Amnesty International called on Iran to free a journalist.
US stocks climbed Wednesday as the euro rallied, boosted by stronger-than-expected German manufacturing data, easing worries over European banks and expectations for the European Central Bank to raise rates.
US stocks climbed as the euro rallied.
Luxury British chocolatier and cocoa grower, Hotel Chocolat, is to open its first Scottish store in Frederick Street, Edinburgh.
Grower, Hotel Chocolat, is to open its first Scottish store.
Filipino superstar Manny Pacquiao met with American President Barack Obama and US Senator Harry Reid during a White House visit Tuesday.
Manny Pacquiao met with Barack Obama.
The Cass-Clay Creamery of Fargo, ND, is voluntarily recalling some brands of peppermint bon bon-flavored ice cream because they may contain eggs that aren't listed on the label.
The Cass-Clay Creamery is recalling some brands of ice cream.
Hong Kong's troubled new Disneyland theme park suffered a 20 per cent slump in visitor numbers in its first two full years of operations, a news report said Tuesday.
Hong Kong's Disneyland park suffered a 20 per cent slump in visitor numbers.
The Pirates have signed free agent first baseman Lyle Overbay to a contract for the 2011 season, General Manager Neal Huntington said today.
The Pirates have signed Lyle Overbay.
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid said Thursday he's ``not very optimistic'' about reaching a budget deal to avert a government shutdown this weekend.
Harry Reid said he's not optimistic about reaching a budget deal.
The Internal Revenue Service announced it will change notices it mails to taxpayers to make them easier to understand.
The Internal Revenue Service will change notices it mails to taxpayers.
``I am working hard and fulfilling my obligations every single day, to the court as well as myself,'' Lohan wrote.
I am working hard and fulfilling my obligations, as well as myself, Lohan wrote.
IT IS all systems go when schools re-open on Monday after the four-week June break during which the Influenza A virus hogged headlines and measures were taken to prevent its spread.
All systems go schools re-open.
A 63-year-old woman told police early Tuesday that she had been held against her will and sexually assaulted by a 47-year-old male.
A woman told she had been held and assaulted.
Belfast-born Branagh was knighted at a Buckingham Palace ceremony Friday for services to drama and for his charity work in Northern Ireland.
Branagh was knighted Friday.
The real reason that oil has broken through $100 is neither an uptick in demand nor a potential attack by US or Israel on Iran's nuclear installations.
The real reason oil has broken through $ 100 is.
Pakistani bomb kills 23, wounds 50 Updated: 10:21, Monday March 4, 2013 A bomb attack in Pakistan's largest city Karachi has killed at least 23 people, including women and children, and wounded 50 others, police say.
Pakistani bomb kills 23, wounds 50 Updated.
United States Vice President Dick Cheney threatened to resign in a cabinet meeting today from his office.
Dick Cheney threatened to resign.
John Stockton remembers how he turned to Coach Fitz for counsel from his days as a Gonzaga freshman through his career in the NBA which evolved from player to coach to ``a friendship that grew over time.''
John Stockton remembers he turned to Coach Fitz.
SmarTrend's candlestick pattern scanner has detected a bearish engulfing pattern for shares of Capital One Financial since the stock closed below $40.03.
SmarTrend's candlestick pattern scanner has detected a bearish engulfing pattern for shares of Capital One Financial.
Farhan Akhtar along with his co-stars was recently seen promoting their upcoming flick 'Bhaag Milkha Bhaag` on the sets of `Indian Idol Junior` in Mumbai, Zee News reports.
Farhan Akhtar was seen promoting their flick Bhaag Milkha Bhaag on the sets of Indian Idol Junior.
Airtel has joined the race with other competitors like Nokia, RIM and Samsung to tap mobile applications market in India.
Airtel has joined the race, to tap mobile applications market in India.
Honda Motor Co. plans to resume a project to set up a second car plant in India to meet increasing local demand for its sedans.
Honda Motor Co. plans to resume a project to set up a second car plant in India.
Rockingham Park is hosting a pet food drive over the July Fourth weekend, partnering with the New Hampshire Food Bank.
Rockingham Park is hosting a pet food drive.
University of Pittsburgh researchers say they are close to finding a way to prevent tinnitus, a debilitating condition that affects hearing.
University of Pittsburgh researchers say they are close to finding a way to prevent tinnitus.
Authorities say a man who flipped his car Tuesday night, plowing through a concrete structure, is now in stable condition at a hospital.
A man who flipped his car is in stable condition at a hospital.
The Iowa Senate has voted to raise vehicle registration and title fees to begin filling a hole in the state's road construction budget.
The Iowa Senate has voted to raise vehicle registration and title fees.
A SQUASH tournament held in Gympie earlier this month has helped make a difference to the everyday lives of the people of Kibera, Africa.
A SQUASH tournament has helped.
Coronado beats Green Valley in Sunrise Region Semi-Final football game in Henderson on Nov. 16, 2012.
Coronado beats Green Valley.
A Sooke woman, whose home was devoured by flames, is giving back to the community after residents reached out to her family in their time of need.
A Sooke woman is giving back to the community.
Zuma, 67, is now certain to become president when the new parliament convenes early next month to elect the head of state, riding a wave of support from the poor who backed his pledges to create more jobs and expand the social safety net as the economy is slipping into recession.
Zuma is certain to become president.
Sir Paul McCartney is reportedly set to perform at the Royal wedding reception of Prince William and Kate Middleton!
Paul McCartney is set to perform at the Royal wedding reception.
Islamabad, Pakistan will test fire a new nuclear-capable missile by the end of this month, a media report said Saturday.
Pakistan will test fire a missile.
Paper Mill Playhouse is proud to announce the 2010-2011 season, the first time in 15 years the theater will produce an entire season of musicals.
Paper Mill Playhouse is proud to announce the 2010 2011 season.
Stocks edged lower on Wall Street Monday, erasing an early rally, following signs that Italy could be headed for political gridlock.
Stocks edged lower.
Tom Queally paid tribute to the legendary trainer Sir Henry Cecil, who passed away yesterday at the age of 70.
Tom Queally paid tribute to the trainer Sir Henry Cecil.
Zynga's web-based social gaming platform has got itself 2.8 million monthly active users, the firm has announced.
Zynga's platform has got itself 2.8 million monthly users.
One winning Powerball ticket worth $200,000 from the July 3 drawing was sold at Cowpath Lukoil, 1900 N. Broad St., Lansdale, Montgomery County.
One ticket worth $ 200,000 was sold at Cowpath Lukoil, Montgomery County.
At one of the most congested sections of I-405 in Los Angeles, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger today highlighted the job, economic and quality of life ramifications of the legislature's failure to pass a real and comprehensive budget solution.
Today highlighted, economic and quality of ramifications of the legislature's failure to pass a real and comprehensive budget solution.
A RADIOLOGIST who worked at the West Cumberland Hospital has died at her home in Raughton Head, near Dalston.
A RADIOLOGIST has died at her home.
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin calls for promoting the introduction of several strong regional currencies in the world.
Vladimir Putin calls for promoting the introduction of strong regional currencies.
Former world No. 1 Amelie Mauresmo has split from her longtime coach Loic Courteau, the French star announced on her website on Monday.
Amelie Mauresmo has split from Loic Courteau.
Firefighters made quick work of a trailer fire Tuesday night at Sherkston Shores, said fire Chief Tom Cartwright.
Firefighters made quick work of a trailer fire.
The US dollar traded in the lower 83 yen zone early Wednesday in Tokyo, slightly higher than its levels overnight in New York.
The dollar traded in the lower 83 yen zone in Tokyo.
The new California state law to ban gay conversion therapy has been stopped just before it would have gone into effect on the first day of 2013.
The California law to ban gay conversion therapy has been stopped.
The 10th annual Mother's Index, put out by Save the Children in honor of Mother's Day, found that the best place to be a Mom is in some of Europe's Northern countries.
The best place to be a Mom is.
The NHBC is launching a new site manager accreditation programme and the mark the launch, the council is offering 1,000 free places on the programme to site managers working for NHBC registered builders.
The NHBC is launching a site manager accreditation programme.
Two militants were killed and a soldier sustained injuries in an exchange of fire in Kanju Damghar area while the security forces demolished the houses of six militants elsewhere in Swat district on Friday, official sources said.
Two militants were killed.
SAKUNDA Energy can now resume operations at its Harare service stations after the High Court lifted an embargo placed on the firm recently.
SAKUNDA Energy can resume operations.
Terrorists, however, mighty and invincible they might appear, will not have the last word and the course of civilisation will be determined by those who talked about peace, love and compassion, External Affairs Minister Pranab Mukherjee said here on Saturday.
Terrorists they might appear, will not have the last word.
Hylas 1, a satellite dedicated to plugging some of the holes in Europe's broadband coverage, will go into orbit today, almost a whole year later than originally expected.
Hylas 1 will go into orbit.
Kristen Stewart talks about her upcoming film The Yellow Handkerchief and what it was like working with Oscar winning producer Arthur Cohn.
Kristen Stewart talks about her film The Yellow Handkerchief.
A CDC report released last month about new annual HIV infections in the US did not include data from Puerto Rico, an omission that Hispanic HIV/AIDS advocates say could have widespread consequences nationwide, the Orlando Sentinel reports.
A CDC report released about new HIV infections in the US did not include data from Puerto Rico.
Investment firm Boenning \u0026 Scattergood said it has opened a Cleveland office with investment bankers Charles R. Crowley and Michael C. Voinovich joining as managing directors in the financial institutions group.
Boenning \u0026 Scattergood said it has opened a Cleveland office.
Nakatani won the fourth on Celestic Night, on Imco Spirit, Delahoosee and Leandros in the sixth.
Nakatani won the fourth.
New Delhi, May 24 Trust deficit is the biggest problem with Pakistan and no progress can happen in negotiations unless this issue is addressed, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said here Monday.
New Delhi, Trust deficit is the biggest problem with Pakistan.
France have one eye on the World Cup and the other on making history as they prepare for the second rugby Test on Saturday against an All Blacks side looking to save face.
France have one eye on the World Cup.
Morgan Stanley upgrades Reliance Industries to ``equal-weight'' from ``underweight'', maintaining its target price at Rs 703, citing attractive valuations.
Morgan Stanley upgrades Reliance Industries.
While the Mets were busy putting on their biggest power display at Wrigley since Carlos Beltran and Cliff Floyd both hit grand slams there in 2006, the Indians were busy claiming Vinny Rottino off waivers.
The Indians were busy claiming Vinny Rottino off waivers.
WE Fest has added two more acts to its 30th anniversary show Aug. 2-4 here.
WE Fest has added two more acts.
IVRCL can touch Rs 95 mark in the next 3 months, says Parag Doctor, Motilal Oswal Securities.
IVRCL can touch Rs 95.
Shaibaaz Tumbi cracked his second consecutive century in the championship hitting 132 not out to help St. Peter's Cricket Academy record a 161-run win over Naqvi Cricket Academy in the under-15 category of the Santa Cup sub-junior cricket tournament organised by Vijay Paul Cricket Academy on Saturday.
Shaibaaz Tumbi cracked his century.
Kotak Securities, one of India's leading stock broking houses, today announced the launch of their Xtralite website.
Kotak Securities today announced the launch of their website.
Fordham won its third straight Liberty Cup game 20-13 against Columbia at Robert K. Kraft Field yesterday afternoon.
Fordham won its Liberty Cup game.
Officials say a flight attendant who has a pilot's license helped land a plane at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport when a co-pilot became ill.
A flight attendant helped land a plane.
Wairarapa farmers have put Canada goose on the menu to try and combat the surging goose population in the district.
Farmers have put goose on the menu.
Stephen Hawking, one of the world's most famous scientists, told a crowd Sunday that he expects ``great things'' as he accepted a new research position in Waterloo.
Stephen Hawking expects great things.
The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Minister for Excise and Taxation, Liaqat Shabab has said that roads from Kabul River to Zardad Dheri and Nowshera to Nisatta will be constructed with a total cost of Rs. 60.5 million in order to provide best communication facilities to the people of the respective areas.
Roads will be constructed with a total cost of Rs. 60.5 million.
The Web is buzzing this morning with the news that media gadfly Levi Johnston will soon pose for Playgirl.
Levi Johnston will pose for Playgirl.
GlaxoSmithKline is acquiring Cambridge, Massachusetts-based bio paharmaceutical researcher Sirtris Pharmaceuticals, for approximately $720 million in cash amounting to $22.50 per share, an 84-per cent premium to its closing share price.
GlaxoSmithKline is acquiring Cambridge, Sirtris Pharmaceuticals.
Law enforcement officers who serve western Riverside County and have distinguished themselves through heroic deeds, investigative excellence, community service and career contributions will be honored May 21 at an awards ceremony.
Law enforcement officers will be honored.
A Frederick man accused of raping a woman while impersonating a police officer has pleaded guilty to a second-degree sex offense and has been sentenced to 20 years in prison.
A man has pleaded guilty to a sex offense.
Andrew Garfield has landed the lead role in Martin Scorsese's passion project Silence 25 years after the director first began drafting a script for the film.
Andrew Garfield has landed the role Silence.
A 23-year-old man was injured when a firework exploded in his face Tuesday evening in the South Hill area, according to the Central Pierce Fire \u0026 Rescue.
A man was injured a firework exploded in his face.
Seven persons were killed in as many road accidents in and around Bangalore on Sunday night.
Seven persons were killed in road accidents.
This winter's unusually heavy snowfall could mean extra flooding this spring.A little to our South, flood waters are already on their way up.
This winter's heavy snowfall could mean extra flooding.
Mallinckrodt has filed a lawsuit against Watson Laboratories, subsidiary of Watson Pharmaceuticals, in the US District Court for the District of New Jersey seeking to prevent Watson from commercializing Exalgo's generic version prior to the expiration of US patent no 5,914,131.
Mallinckrodt has filed a lawsuit seeking to prevent Watson.
Songwriter, producer and artist Jason Ingram set a Gospel Music Association record last week by being the only person in the history of the organization to receive 11 Dove Award nominations in one awards season.
Jason Ingram set a Gospel Music Association record by being to receive 11 Dove Award nominations.
The Sistine Chapel was shut down on Tuesday ahead of the upcoming conclave to elect a new pope following Benedict XVI's resignation even though the date for the meeting is still not known.
The Sistine Chapel was shut down ahead of the conclave.
President Obama says he has ``zero tolerance'' for leaks of classified information and that his administration investigates every such instance.
Obama has zero tolerance for leaks of classified information.
Actress Whoopi Goldberg has decided to quit smoking after watching an emotional film about children suffering from cystic fibrosis.
Actress Whoopi Goldberg has decided to quit smoking.
TIMBER company Gunns Ltd has entered voluntary administration, blaming the refusal of its banks to allow it to keep the proceeds of asset sales to keep the company afloat.
Gunns Ltd has entered voluntary administration.
Two officers with the Fort Wayne Police Department shot a man who allegedly was firing shots into the air on the north side of the city overnight, according to our news partner, WANE-TV.
Two officers shot a man who was firing shots into the air.
India has a USD 1 trillion infrastructure deficit over the next five years, Indian Finance Minister P Chidambaram has told the World Bank, which wants private sector participation to bridge the funding gap.
India has a USD 1 trillion infrastructure deficit.
SOUTH Australian broadband provider Adam Internet has boosted its call centre workforce by 20 per cent to deal with an expanding customer base.
Adam Internet has boosted its call centre workforce.
Mary J. Blige has admitted she enrolled in acting classes ahead of her new movie role.
Mary J. Blige enrolled in acting classes.
I heard the sad news that The Bill is to be axed this autumn after 27 years of being on our screens and started reminiscing how I started watching The Bill as a kid, long before I had any connections with Kingston.
The Bill is to be axed after 27 years.
Saracens prop Matt Stevens will make an emotional return to Twickenham in today's Aviva Premiership final with a new perspective on life and on rugby.
Matt Stevens will make an emotional return.
Wilmington Trust said Wednesday that it is buying UBS Fiduciary Trust Co., which is part of Swiss investment bank, UBS AG.
Wilmington Trust is buying UBS Fiduciary Trust Co..
Just like the first two legs, different ladies got their pictures taken in the Winners Circle.
Different ladies got their pictures taken.
Sara Tang, director of strategy at The Brand Union, tells us five things we need to know about the branding pitfalls and imperatives for mergers and acquisitions.
Sara Tang tells five things we need to know.
The wind-swept pyramids of Giza were virtually deserted on Sunday, symbols not just of the might and culture of the pharaohs but also the damage that Egypt's upheaval has inflicted on tourism, a pillar of the economy.
The pyramids of Giza were virtually deserted.
Knicks beat Wizards 108-101 Steve Novak scored 21 points, connecting on all seven of his 3-point attempts, and the New York Knicks beat the Washington Wizards 108-101 on Thursday night.
Knicks beat Wizards 108 101.
Oscar-winning actor Nicolas Cage has been arrested in New Orleans after a drunken argument with his wife outside a residence in the French Quarter, police said Saturday.
Actor Nicolas Cage has been arrested in New Orleans.
Eunice Kennedy Shriver, who founded the Special Olympics and is a member of one of the most prominent American political families of the 20th century, died Tuesday at the age of 88.
Eunice Kennedy Shriver, who founded the Special Olympics, died at the age of 88.
London, Aug 26 Singer John Mayer has hinted that he is back with Jennifer Aniston as he says relationships should be given ``second chances''.
John Mayer is back with Jennifer Aniston.
'I will never be', he declared in ringing tones '...all countries must realise that even if I call them friends, I am nobody's stooge and never will be.
I am nobody's stooge and never will be.
A spokeswoman for Gov. Paul LePage says the Republican's recent comment that Maine students are ``looked down upon'' in the rest of the country was based on his own experiences and not on any specific data or study.
A spokeswoman for Paul LePage says.
A Summit Air plane made an emergency landing at the Yellowknife airport at approximately 1 pm Thursday afternoon after the pilot reported mechanical problems.
A plane made an emergency landing at the Yellowknife airport.
Costa Bingo has launched a brand new Happy Hour promotion, where you have the chance to claim up to 50% cashback every single day.
Costa Bingo has launched a Happy Hour promotion.
Novell Inc. agreed to be bought by Attachmate Corp. for $2.2 billion, ending an eighth-month strategic review aimed at reviving the Linux software maker that has struggled to sustain growth.
Novell Inc. agreed to be bought by Attachmate Corp. for $ 2.2 billion.
Nearly 16 hours after the polls closed, Democratic gubernatorial candidate Alex Sink conceded the race to Republican challenger Rick Scott.
Alex Sink conceded the race.
The Super Bowl pre-game show 2012 started on NBC at noon Sunday, and excitement is building in Indianapolis toward the big game, which doesn't kick off until 6:30 pm EST.
The Super Bowl pre-game show 2012 started.
A top Bank of America executive was caught on camera yesterday whispering to Gov. Rick Perry, ``Bank of America. We'll help you out,'' as the GOP presidential candidate attended New Hampshire's Politics and Eggs breakfast.
A Bank was caught whispering to Rick Perry, Bank of America. We 'll help out.
First Solar Inc., the nation's largest solar panel maker, said Wednesday that it has entered into a $300 million revolving credit facility with a syndicate of nine financial institutions.
First Solar Inc. has entered into a $ 300 million credit facility.
Kris Medlen extends his scoreless streak to 28 and 1/3 innings, improving to 5-0 as a starter in Braves' 2-0 win over Padres.
Kris Medlen extends his scoreless streak.
In a recent study dubbed the National Runners' Health Study, it has been found that brisk walkers experience greater health benefits as compared to the runners.
Brisk walkers experience greater health benefits as compared to the runners.
David Carradine was found dead by an apparent suicide in a hotel room in bangkok, Thailand.
David Carradine was found dead.
PRIME Minister Julia Gillard has once again had a ``Cinderella moment'' after losing her shoe on a stage in Sydney.
Julia Gillard has had a Cinderella moment.
A MAN jailed for having sex with a schoolgirl while his partner was on holiday was branded ``every parent's nightmare'' by the officer who put him behind bars.
A MAN jailed for having sex with a schoolgirl was branded every parent's nightmare.
Cheryl Cole is worried she may have developed Tourette's Syndrome because she can't stop swearing or cursing.
Cheryl Cole may have developed because she can't stop swearing.
Yahoo is filing a lawsuit against Facebook claiming infringement of patents covering advertising, privacy controls and social networking, following through on a threat it made last month.
Yahoo is filing a lawsuit against Facebook.
Three out of 10 Britons believe Jews have been both victims and aggressors in ``roughly equal measure'' through history, a survey suggests.
Jews have been victims and aggressors.
Rookie Shawn Stefani shoots 66 to lead at St. Jude Rookie Shawn Stefani has been through enough scrambling around the mini-tours trying to make it to the PGA Tour that a quadruple bogey wasn't going to shake his confidence or his concentration.
Shawn Stefani shoots 66 to lead at St. Jude Rookie Shawn Stefani.
FinancialForce.com, a company specializing in online cloud accounting solutions built natively on the Force.com platform from salesforce.com, has launched QuickStart, a wizard-driven application that helps organizations set up their accounts online.
FinancialForce.com has launched QuickStart, a application.
``Barack Obama has a serious iPod,'' says Will Dana, managing editor of Rolling Stone magazine.
Barack Obama has a serious iPod.
The seventh national shipping industry conference, Natship12, continues in Melbourne today with delegates addressing the key issues facing Australia's maritime sector.
The conference, Natship12, continues in Melbourne.
China will allow insurance funds to invest in non-listed companies so as to increase their investment opportunities, China Insurance Regulatory Commission spokesman Yuan Li told reporters on Friday.
China will allow insurance funds to invest in non-listed companies.
A PROMINENT businessman who allegedly stole items worth more than $180,000 has been granted bail by the Labasa Magistrates Court yesterday.
A businessman has been granted bail.
Aviva has appointed Mr Leslie Van de Walle as an independent non-executive director with effect from today.
Aviva has appointed as an non-executive director.
Attorney General Jack Conway said Kentucky has received its annual tobacco settlement payment.
Kentucky has received its annual tobacco settlement payment.
Ukraine is looking at the possibility of establishing links between the Ukrainian News Information Agency and its counterpart, the Malaysian National News Agency to promote better ties between Kuala Lumpur and Kiev.
Ukraine is looking at the possibility of establishing links.
Paula Abdul confirmed late Tuesday night that she is leaving her position as a judge on the Fox television hit American Idol.
Paula Abdul is leaving her position hit American Idol.
Carla Hughes, a former school teacher was found guilty for killing pregnant woman.
Carla Hughes, was found guilty for killing pregnant woman.
Meninga urges Maroons props to rise Updated: 02:22, Friday February 1, 2013 Queensland coach Mal Meninga says young props Martin Kennedy and Josh McGuire need to step up in 2013 and prove they can replace Petero Civoniceva.
Meninga urges Maroons props to rise.
Former Cy Young Award winner Denny McLain was arrested at the Canadian border in Port Huron, Mich., and is being extradited to Louisiana.
Denny McLain was arrested at the Canadian border.
We are hearing from sources that the SlingPlayer for iPhone might have been rejected by Apple despite the fact that it conforms to all of the requirements by Apple for release.
The SlingPlayer for iPhone might have been rejected.
A special meeting of the Cameron City Council is set for 5 pm tonight, Friday, June 20.
A special meeting is set for 5 pm tonight.
Imaad debuts as a music director and even performed his songs in his Rockstar Avatar.
Imaad debuts as a music director.
CDC Software, a wholly owned subsidiary of CDC Corporation and a global provider of industry-specific enterprise software applications and consulting services, today announced that its Pivotal 6.0 CRM software suite has been named by ISM Inc., a premier CRM consulting firm, as one of the ``Top 15'' CRM software packages in the enterprise category for 2008, its 12 consecutive appearance in this prestigious listing.
Its Pivotal 6.0 suite has been named as one of the Top 15 CRM packages in the enterprise category.
An East Sussex council is set to ban 'rude' street names such as Hoare Road and Cracknuts Lane.
An council is set to ban rude street names.
The Columbus Blue Jackets have signed left wing Matt Calvert to a standard three-year entry level contract, General Manager Scott Howson announced today.
The Columbus Blue Jackets have signed Matt Calvert to a entry level contract.
Alligator fitted with prosthetic tail Updated: 03:18, Wednesday March 13, 2013 An alligator that had his tail bitten off eight years ago has been given a new prosthetic one by his keepers in Arizona.
Alligator fitted with prosthetic tail Updated.
He was commenting on the fact that the Baku-Tbilisi-Kars railway can be used to transit goods and ISAF forces from Afghanistan.
The Baku-Tbilisi-Kars railway can be used to transit goods from Afghanistan.
Steve Borthwick will retain the England captaincy for the upcoming Six Nations Championship opener against Wales.
Steve Borthwick will retain the England captaincy.
Former News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks has been formally charged with phone hacking and will appear in court next month, Scotland Yard says.
Rebekah Brooks has been charged with phone hacking.
More than 1 million baby slings made by Infantino have been recalled after claims linked them to three infant deaths.
More than 1 million baby slings have been recalled.
Ghana's ruling party said on Thursday that the situation in the west district of Tain is not conductive for a fair election and the party would boycott the voting if it went ahead, according to agBencies' reports.
Ghana's ruling party said the situation is not conductive for a fair election.
AUSTRALIAN captain Ricky Ponting has won the toss and chosen to bat in the first Test against India in Bangalore.
AUSTRALIAN captain Ricky Ponting has won the toss and chosen to bat.
Etihad Airways is launching its biggest international TV advertising campaign as Middle East carriers boost their global presence.
Etihad Airways is launching its biggest TV advertising campaign.
A 51-year-old man has been convicted of raping a Lincoln woman in her home.
A man has been convicted of raping a Lincoln woman in her home.
Constituent Assembly Chairman Subash Chandra Nemwang reiterated on Monday that the new constitution will be drafted by the slated time.
The new constitution will be drafted by the time.
The Brazilian government extended tax breaks on heavy and light trucks, farm tractors and capital goods until the end of the year, Finance Minister Guido Mantega said late Wednesday.
The Brazilian government extended tax breaks on heavy and light trucks, and capital goods.
``One thing about it, you're going to have a white Christmas this year,'' said Lee Longdyke, as he shoveled a sidewalk in Pontiac, Mich., for the third time Friday morning.
One thing, you 're going to have a white Christmas this year.
Most of Elizabeth Taylor's massive fortune will go to the two AIDS charities with whom she was most famously associated.
Most of Elizabeth Taylor's fortune will go to the two AIDS charities she was.
Oil Minister S Jaipal Reddy today said upstream regulator DGH was right in asking Reliance Industries to drill more wells on the eastern offshore KG-D6 fields where natural gas output was fallen due to sub-surface issues.
DGH was right in asking Reliance Industries to drill more wells.
Quirky filmmaking duo Lernert and Sander decided to see what a full year's worth of makeup would look like applied all at once.
A full year's worth of makeup would look applied at once.
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said Tuesday that India pays great importance to developing friendly relations with China and enhancing ties between the armed forces of the two countries.
India pays great importance to developing relations with China and enhancing ties between the armed forces.
Brooks Robinson visits the booth to talk to the broadcasters about Melvin Mora's accomplishment
Brooks Robinson visits the booth.
There is no reliable evidence to confirm or reject the report on martyrdom of Iranian hostages in Pakistan, a senior official at Interior Ministry said on Wednesday.
There is no evidence to confirm or reject the report on martyrdom of Iranian hostages.
A police chase that started as a traffic stop in Whitehall ended in a crash in east Columbus early Friday morning.
A police chase ended in a crash in Columbus.
Gov. David Paterson is rescinding raises to some staff, saying unions were using the promotions to distract the public in a fight over furloughs of unionized state workers.
David Paterson is rescinding raises to some staff.
Telecommunications satellite operator SES has partnered with the Isle of Man Government Department of Economic Development to sponsor the 2011 TT Zero race, part of the TT Races,which is set to take place on June 8.
SES has partnered to sponsor the 2011 TT Zero race.
Willie Nelson has paid tribute to his friend Glen Campbell in a new Rolling Stone article, revealing the Wichita Lineman singer helped his stay solvent at the start of his career.
Willie Nelson has paid tribute to his friend Glen Campbell.
British insurer Friends Provident today said it had agreed to a takeover by investment group Resolution in a deal worth £1.858 billion sterling.
Friends Provident had agreed to a takeover.
Sallu bhai is all set to star in the remake of the south film Bodyguard.
Sallu bhai is set to star in the remake of the film Bodyguard.
Chris Hansen, who lost his bid to buy the Sacramento Kings last week, posted a statement to Sonics Arena congratulating Sacramento on its effort to keep the team.
Chris Hansen posted a statement to Sonics Arena congratulating Sacramento.
Demonstrators carrying placards saying ``Xenophobia hurts like apartheid'' and ``We stand against xenophobia'' brought traffic to a standstill in Johannesburg's city centre.
Xenophobia hurts like apartheid.
ArcelorMittal, the world's biggest steelmaker, returned to profit in the fourth quarter after a loss the previous year as demand rebounded and one-off charges weren't repeated.
ArcelorMittal returned to profit in the fourth quarter.
Light to moderate drinkers are 25 percent less likely to develop dementia than those who abstain from alcohol, according to the latest research.
Light to drinkers are less likely to develop dementia.
Newly promoted Spanish side Celta Vigo have entered the race for wantaway Arsenal striker Nicklas Bendtner, according to Marca.
Side Celta Vigo have entered the race for wantaway Arsenal striker Nicklas Bendtner.
UAE malls have set high standards and created a unique culture that is being followed by other malls in the GCC and Levant region, according to Bawadi Mall senior marketing manager Khalid Shraim.
UAE malls have set standards.
The TSX Venture Exchange closed Thursday at 1,904.14, up 11.75 points.
The TSX Venture Exchange closed at 1,904.14, up 11.75 points.
US House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner said on Tuesday he favors dealing with the US debt ceiling and US fiscal challenges ``sooner rather than later.''
John Boehner favors dealing with the US debt ceiling and challenges sooner.
REUTERS TAIWANESE IT giant Foxconn on Monday opened a new assembly plant in central China, state media said, as the troubled firm begins to move its operations inland to limit soaring labour costs.
Foxconn opened a new plant.
But after Liverpool's continued backing for the player after all of his controversial antics, he owes Liverpool at least another season.
He owes Liverpool.
``Films are definitely more challenging for a producer, but the joy of producing a play is unlimited,'' Shah told in an interview.
Films are, but the joy of producing a play is unlimited.
A Duxbury man was arrested at about 2 am Tuesday after threatening to kill a family member.
A Duxbury man was arrested.
The Barisan Nasional must do away with communal politics and become a truly multi-racial party if it wants to regain the support and trust of the people, said MIC President Datuk Seri S. Samy Vellu today.
The Barisan Nasional must do and become a truly multi-racial party, said S. Samy Vellu.
Late England pace great Brian Statham was inducted into the ICC Cricket Hall of Fame at Old Trafford.
Pace Brian Statham was inducted into the ICC Cricket Hall of Fame.
Azerbaijan, Baku, 7 October/ TrendCapital, corr J. Babayeva/ Central Election Commission of Azerbaijan has registered 924 international observers for upcoming presidential elections.
Azerbaijan, corr Central Election Commission has registered 924 international observers.
Trimble has released a new rangefinder, the LaserAce 1000.
Trimble has released a new rangefinder.
The current macro-economic conditions pose a concern, as it is not much different from that at the onset of the previous financial crisis, a conference here was told on Wednesday.
The current macro-economic conditions pose a concern.
A 19-year-old girl was allegedly raped by five youths in a moving car in Chirala town of Prakasam district of Andhra Pradesh, police said on Tuesday.
A girl was allegedly raped in a car.
Blake Lively dazzled in two stunning beauty looks at the CinemaCon awards in Las Vegas!
Blake Lively dazzled in two beauty looks.
Android platform company Borqs has announced a new global strategy.
Company Borqs has announced a global strategy.
A local homebuilder featured in a series of Defenders investigation on KVUE is being banned from building homes in Austin for 20 years.
A homebuilder is being banned from building homes in Austin.
Indian GSM operators added 11.52 million new subscribers in July, taking the total base to 468.11 million, reports PTI.
GSM operators added 11.52 million new subscribers in July.
Egypt and Turkey on Tuesday warned against war on Iran and called for a peaceful solution to the nuclear standoff, as US President George W. Bush toured the region in a bid to isolate Tehran.
Egypt and Turkey warned against war on Iran.
THY began flights to Houston, its fifth destination in the US, following its flights to Chicago, New York, Los Angeles and Washington DC. Turkey's Economy Minister Zafer Caglayan and Chairman of Board of THY Hamdi Topcu also attended the ``first flight to Houston ceremony'' of the Turkish Airlines.
THY began flights to Houston attended.
In fact, he's witnessing the opposite: since Spotify arrived in the US in July of 2011, Crupnick has observed that Spotify users are twice as likely to purchase a song download from iTunes or Amazon.
Spotify users are twice as likely to purchase a download.
Like every year, this year too Hindus and Muslims jointly observed 'Muharram' on Friday last by collectively praying at the local temple of Goddess Natchiamman, showcasing religious harmony.
Hindus and Muslims observed Muharram by praying at the local temple.
Polokwane City and John Paintsil have failed to agree terms on a deal following two days of negotiations, but the Ghanaian international could still play for the Premiership rookies this season.
Polokwane City have failed to agree terms.
The Twitter microblogging service has created a Twitter loves open source page, listing the projects it has released or contributed to.
A Twitter loves open source page.
Tinie Tempah has admitted that he is ``too busy to spend money'', insisting that it does not rule his life.
Tinie Tempah is too busy to spend money.
under USA Today Sports South Carolina defensive end Jadeveon Clowney has taken out a $5 million life insurance policy with the NCAA to protect against any future earnings lost to injury, the junior said Thursday after the Gamecocks completed their second practice of the spring.
Jadeveon Clowney has taken out a $ 5 million insurance policy.
The Honourable Jason Kenney, Minister of Citizenship, Immigration and Multiculturalism, issued the following statement on the celebration of St. Patrick's Day: ``Tomorrow, Canadians will celebrate St. Patrick's Day at parades and festivities across the country.
The Jason Kenney, issued the statement on the celebration of St. Patrick's Day.
World motorsport chief Max Mosley says he will never recover his dignity despite winning a privacy case over an allegedly Nazi-themed sadomasochistic orgy.
Max Mosley will never recover his dignity.
The above section gives effect to section 23 of the Constitution which provides that every one has the right to fair labour practices.
Every one has the right to fair labour practices.
North Coast Congressman Mike Thompson won reelection handily on Tuesday, while Wes Chesbro, a former state senator, won election to the state Assembly.
Mike Thompson won reelection handily.
Ruben Brown, a nine-time Pro Bowler who spent 13 NFL seasons with the Bills and the Bears, was arrested Friday night in Hamburg, New York for DWI, following too closely, and imprudent speed, according to WKBW.com.
Ruben Brown was arrested, for DWI.
A Chelsea man was shot in the stomach during a parking dispute early today on Exeter Street, police said.
A Chelsea man was shot during a parking dispute.
Toronto Stock Exchange and TSX Venture Exchange today held a market close ceremony from Calgary to honour the Calgary Stampede's 100 th anniversary.
Toronto Stock Exchange and TSX Venture Exchange today held a market close ceremony from Calgary.
Instead, she said, she'll likely be busy campaigning for Mitt Romney for President.
She 'll be busy campaigning for Mitt Romney.
The cancer survivors' day was observed by Vasantha Memorial Cancer Centre here on Sunday.
The cancer survivors ' day was observed.
Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell takes a tumble on the ice during a grand opening reception at Consol Energy Center.
Ed Rendell takes a tumble during a reception at Consol Energy Center.
The Blues have admitted they face a battle to keep hold of their Wales stars Leigh Halfpenny and Alex Cuthbert after another successful Six Nations campaign.
The Blues have admitted they face a battle to keep hold of their Wales stars Leigh Halfpenny and Alex Cuthbert.
under USA TODAY News Joy Behar has announced she's leaving ABC's The View after more than 16 years on the morning gab fest.
Joy Behar's leaving ABC's The View.
Blue Bell Creameries has opened a 3,000-square-foot distribution facility in Alexandria to assist in supplying Central Louisiana with ice cream.
Blue Bell Creameries has opened a distribution facility in Alexandria.
Peers who are found guilty of ``serious criminal offences'' are to be expelled from the House of Lords under new government plans to be announced this week.
Peers who are found guilty of serious criminal offences are to be expelled from the House of Lords.
As an indicator of tough economic times, Perry County's monthly food stamp participation has nearly quadrupled over the past nine years--moving upward from under $60,000 at the end of the 2001, to over $200,000 this year in October.
Perry County's food stamp participation has nearly quadrupled over the past nine years.
The New Zealand sharemarket started the week badly and brokers can see little on the horizon to lift it from its current malaise.
The sharemarket started badly.
Time Warner Cable, a cable operator, has appointed Robert Marcus as its new president and COO.
Time Warner Cable has appointed as its president and COO.
The air transport crisis has signaled the need of connections with the other means of transport, Meglena Kuneva, political adviser of European Commissioner for Transport Siim Kallas, says in an interview with FOCUS News Agency.
The air transport crisis has signaled the need of connections with the other means of transport.
The threat of near breakdown has obsessed the European banks: they can not get through the forthcoming bank crisis in Eurozone on their own.
The threat has obsessed the banks : they can not get through the forthcoming bank crisis.
X Factor winner Matt Cardle has held on to the number one spot for a third week running.
Matt Cardle has held on to the number one spot.
BMO Harris Bank today pledged $10,000 to the American Red Cross for its Indiana tornado disaster relief efforts.
BMO Harris Bank today pledged $ 10,000 for its Indiana tornado disaster relief efforts.
Aberdeen Global Income Fund, Inc., a closed-end bond fund, announced today its performance data and portfolio composition as of November 30, 2010.
Aberdeen Global Income Fund, Inc. a fund, announced its performance data and portfolio composition.
BNY Mellon has launched MarginEdge, a global derivatives margin management service that allows financial institutions, clearing members and central counterparties to manage margin collateral efficiently.
BNY Mellon has launched MarginEdge, a global derivatives margin management service.
Sempermed, one of the world's leading manufacturers of hand protection, is pleased to introduce its SemperForce black nitrile exam powder-free glove.
Sempermed is pleased to introduce its black nitrile exam glove.
A US defense board released information saying that Pentagon weapons and defense programs have been persistently targeted by Chinese cyberattacks.
Pentagon weapons and defense programs have been persistently targeted by Chinese cyberattacks.
The newest Supreme Court justice, Sonia Sotomayor is writing a memoir.
The justice, Sonia Sotomayor is writing a memoir.
A farmer in Gloucester County was convicted and sentenced Thursday on Cruelty to Animal charges.
A farmer was convicted on Cruelty to Animal charges.
After two days of rigorous training in the Flemish Ardennes, the Vacansoleil Pro Cycling Team is now ready for the start of the Flanders season with Gent being the opening host.
The Vacansoleil Pro Cycling Team is ready for the start of the Flanders season.
Joe Simpson, father of Jessica and Ashlee Simpson, has been charged with two counts of DUI after his arrest on August 4.
Joe Simpson has been charged with two counts of DUI.
WASHINGTON US consumer spending rose in February and income rebounded, further signs economic activity accelerated in the first quarter, even though part of the increase in consumption reflected higher petrol prices.
US consumer spending rose.
Airline stocks climbed Wednesday following an improved monthly revenue report form Continental, and after Morgan Stanley upgraded the stock of two major carriers.
Airline stocks climbed, and after Morgan Stanley upgraded.
Less than a year after Lehman Brothers collapsed, taking the financial crisis to its head, economists believe the global recession is over.The International Monetary Fund's top economist Olivier Blanchard said: ''The global recession is over and recovery has started''.
Economists believe said : The recession is over.
A source close to Italian Champions Inter Milan has revealed that the Nerazzurri are planning a summer swoop for Manchester City striker Carlos Tevez.
The Nerazzurri are planning a summer swoop for Carlos Tevez.
Neighbors watch the controlled burn of a home in Escondido, Calif., on Thursday, Dec. 9, 2010 that was so packed with homemade explosives that authorities claim they had no choice but to burn it to the ground.
Neighbors watch the controlled burn of a home.
African football will earn almost $140 million in television and marketing revenue from its competitions over the seven years to 2017, according to Confederation of African Football financial statements.
African football will earn almost $ 140 million.
Robert Kubica told an Italian newspaper he considers himself very lucky to have come out of his devastating rally crash as well as he has.
Robert Kubica told he considers himself very lucky.
Groupe Aeroplan said profits fell by half in the third quarter as gross billings dropped.
Groupe Aeroplan said profits fell.
Malaysian companies were urged to sign the United Nations Global Compact to align their operations with ten universally accepted principles, an expert said here on Friday.
Malaysian companies were urged to sign the United Nations Global Compact.
A 28-year-old Port Charlotte man was arrested Monday on charges that he sold pot to undercover detectives in December.
A Port Charlotte man was arrested on charges he sold pot.
Volkswagen, said on Friday it expects to post record sales again this year, but forecast 2010 would be ``extremely difficult'' as cash-for-clunkers bonus schemes wound down worldwide.
Volkswagen expects to post record sales this year.
Birmingham boss Alex McLeish will let key midfielder Barry Ferguson decide whether to undergo an injection which could allow him to return to action quicker after suffering a broken rib.
Barry Ferguson decide to undergo an injection.
The US State Department has said that Pakistan must disentangle terrorist groups having their base in the country.
Pakistan must disentangle terrorist groups.
William Hill is to open talks with Playtech this month to try to salvage the companies' joint online venture following a breakdown in relations last year, the Financial Times reported on Monday.
William Hill is to open talks with Playtech, the Financial Times reported.
After a hiatus of 257 days, racing returns to Mornington on Sunday for the running of the 2010 T'Gallant Peninsula Cup.
Racing returns to Mornington.
A man was severely injured during a paragliding accident east of Hartebeespoort, North West, on Sunday morning, paramedics said.
A man was injured during a paragliding accident.
The Dominican Republic and Georgia signed a Joint Communiqué to establish diplomatic relations which will develop in compliance with the fundamental norms of the international law, ie respect for territorial sovereignty and principles of non-interference into each other's domestic affairs and peaceful co-existence.
The Dominican Republic and Georgia signed to establish diplomatic relations.
Rookie Ray Rice is being prepped to start on Sunday against the Bengals, according to the Baltimore Sun.
Ray Rice is being prepped to start.
The New Orleans Saints announced their 2012 training camp schedule as well as a two-day practice with the New England Patriots in Foxborough, Massachusetts from August 7-8.
The New Orleans Saints announced their 2012 training camp schedule as well as a practice with the New England Patriots.
Despite known risks and recommendations for protective equipment, many people are still affected with asthma after exposure to chemicals at work.
Many people are still affected with asthma after exposure to chemicals at work.
The US trade deficit widened sharply in December to 40.2 billion US dollars, capping a year that saw a massive drop in the trade gap, government data showed Wednesday.
The US trade deficit widened to 40.2 billion US dollars.
County supervisorial aide Gilbert Armijo of Santa Maria failed Friday to get a perjury charge against him dismissed, but vowed to appeal a Superior Court judge's rulings allowing that felony count to stand.
Felony count to stand.
Jason Wu for Target has been launched and is making headlines.
Jason Wu for Target has been launched.
Bristol City manager Derek McInnes wants to keep Nicky Maynard at Ashton Gate and is planning to hold talks with the striker regarding his future.
Derek McInnes wants to keep Nicky Maynard.
Cadbury workers will lobby the government ahead of an expected takeover by US food giant Kraft.Staff from factories across the UK will gather in central London on Tuesday to call for support from ministers to win guarantees over jobs and investment.
Cadbury workers will lobby the government.
Tanzania is forming a national human rights committee to ensure compliance with national and international human rights laws, Deputy Minister for Constitution and Legal Affairs Angela Kairuki said Wednesday.
Tanzania is forming a human rights committee.
Urbandale residents may recycle their Christmas trees by placing them at the curb in time for their regular collection day next week.
Urbandale residents may recycle their Christmas trees.
Google has explained why its Gmail Web mail service went down today.
Why its Gmail service went today.
The Assembly was adjourned sine die today after a 27-day budget session.
The Assembly was adjourned sine die.
An autopsy has revealed that a 67-year-old Canton man was stabbed to death, authorities said.
An autopsy has revealed a Canton man was stabbed to death.
Commercial drivers in Calabar, Cross River State, yesterday embarked on a strike which left many commuters stranded.
Commercial drivers in Calabar yesterday embarked on a strike.
A red tide bloom has shut down all the shellfish beds from Boston to Plymouth, according to the state Division of Marine Fisheries.
A red tide bloom has shut down the shellfish beds from Boston to Plymouth.
In a freak mishap, a one-and-a-half month old baby died when a coconut fell on her head during a religious ceremony at her home in Thirupam near Thiruvananthapuram.
Baby died a coconut fell on her head.
SoloPower has added another patent to its growing solar portfolio.
SoloPower has added another patent to its portfolio.
England midfieler Steven Gerrard won't play a part as Hatters take on Liverpool in front of the Sky cameras on Sunday.
Steven Gerrard won't play as Hatters take.
``The Town'' is the talk of the box office, opening with $23.8 million to take the No. 1 spot.
The Town is the talk of the box office.
Russell Investments has appointed Len Brennan as president and chief executive, and as a director on the company's board.
Russell Investments has appointed Len Brennan as president and chief executive.
A man was shot in the leg while walking down the street in the South Norfolk area of Chesapeake.
A man was shot in the leg while walking down the street.
MONZA, Italy - Renault will take legal action against Nelson Piquet and his son over race-fixing claims that could see the French team thrown out of Formula One.
Renault will take legal action against Nelson Piquet and his son.
Alternative Investment Strategies has bought back 200,000 sterling hedged shares at 113p apiece for cancellation and now has 125,851,120 in issue.
Alternative Investment Strategies has bought back 200,000 shares.
Procter \u0026 Gamble Co said on Tuesday that Chairman AG Lafley would retire in early 2010 and Chief Executive Bob McDonald would become chairman of the world's top household products maker on January 1.
Procter \u0026 Gamble Co said AG Lafley would retire.
An eleven-year old child servant was allegedly tortured to death by the owners of the residence.
An child servant was allegedly tortured to death.
A Golden woman has been sentenced to 14 years in prison for running over her boyfriend and his dog last year.
A woman has been sentenced for running over her boyfriend and his dog.
Grandmaster Viswanathan Anand retained the World Chess Championship title in Bonn late on Wednesday night after ending the 11th game with Russias Vladimir Kramnik in a draw.
Viswanathan Anand retained the World Chess Championship title.
The Knights of Columbus will host a New England clambake on May 9 at its Council Hall, 70 E. Main St., Freehold.
The Knights will host a clambake.
Moschip Semiconductor has introduced two new network appliance processors that integrate PCI express, gigabit ethernet and display interfaces into a single solution.
Moschip Semiconductor has introduced two new network appliance processors.
Mats Sundin, who spent the bulk of his career with the Toronto Maple Leafs, announced his retirement from the NHL on Wednesday.
Mats Sundin, who spent, announced his retirement.
Veteran Bollywood actor Bob Christo, who essayed the role of a villain in films of the eighties and nineties, passed away on Sunday afternoon.
Veteran Bollywood actor Bob Christo passed away.
Twenty-seven schools from seven districts in the state have undertaken fluoride testing campaign this month.
Twenty-seven schools have undertaken fluoride testing campaign.
One Providence police officer was assaulted and another was hurt downtown Sunday morning.
One Providence officer was assaulted and another was hurt Sunday morning.
Police in Kalamazoo Township are searching for a second suspect in a Tuesday shooting.
Police are searching for a second suspect in a Tuesday shooting.
An Illinois man said he was bewildered when a wild turkey crashed through the front window of his home and covered the living room in broken glass.
A wild turkey crashed through the window.
Surgeons in St. Louis, Missouri, have restored hand function to a 71-year-old paralyzed man -- the first reported reactivation of muscles in thumb and forefingers after a spinal-cord injury -- thanks to a new operation called a nerve transfer.
Surgeons have restored hand function to a paralyzed man.
Australia will wait for a final report on climate change policy before setting any mid- term carbon emissions reduction targets, the country's environment minister has said.
Australia will wait for a final report on climate change policy.
WashingtonAhead of a meeting Friday between President Barack Obama and hundreds of Native American leaders, the administration unveiled new rules for tribal lands that officials say will expedite home building and energy development.
The administration unveiled new rules for tribal lands.
Volunteers are needed for a Rebuilding Together project in Hasbrouck Heights.
Volunteers are needed for a Rebuilding Together project.
Sony Computer Entertainment America today announced that the PLAYSTATION Store for PS3 will be revamped in mid-April with a new, more dynamic look and improved navigation.
The PLAYSTATION Store will be revamped in mid-April.
Texas cycling great Lance Armstrong will race in the Tour of the Gila after all.
Lance Armstrong will race in the Tour of the Gila.
Flower was named UK Coach of the Year and High-Performance Coach of the Year at an awards ceremony in London last night which was hosted by sports coach UK and attended by Her Royal Highness, the Princess Royal.
Flower was named UK Coach of the Year.
President John Dramani Mahama on Tuesday commended the Canadian Government for continuously supporting Ghana in her development agenda, particularly in health, water and agriculture, over the years.
John Dramani Mahama commended the Canadian Government for supporting Ghana.
Songwriter turned author Nick Cave has publicly apologised to Kylie Minogue and Avril Lavigne for their treatment in his new novel.
Nick Cave has apologised to Kylie Minogue.
The report found that when comparing January 2011 to January 2012 UK visits to search engines increased from 2.2 billion to 2.3 billion.
UK visits to search engines increased.
Locally, Dallas County also saw its jobless figures improve.
Its jobless figures improve.
Actress Eva Longoria Parker escaped unhurt in a car crash in Los Angeles.
Eva Longoria Parker escaped unhurt in a car crash.
Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann brought her tea party-tinged message and possible presidential ambitions to Iowa on Friday night, speaking before an influential anti-tax group that shares many of the Republican's views.
Michele Bachmann brought her tea party tinged message to Iowa.
Unemployment rates continued to drop in California and the Bay Area in April, according to state employment data released Friday.
Unemployment rates continued to drop in California and the Bay Area.
Saudi Arabia will commission the $15 million two-megawatt solar power plant at the King Abdullah University of Science and Technology in July, a senior company executive working on the project said on Thursday.
Saudi Arabia will commission the $ 15 million solar power plant.
Muratec, a Japan based company started in 1935, offers better cost performance system solutions, is strengthening its presence in India through its associate company --
Muratec offers, is strengthening its presence in India.
The medical report for George Zimmerman following the incident with Trayvon Martin has been released by Zimmerman's family physician.
The medical report for George Zimmerman has been released.
POLICE are hunting would-be pirates who stole a boat from a suburban driveway in Melbourne's north-east.
POLICE are hunting pirates who stole a boat from a driveway.
New survey reveals top 5 most wanted gifts for African American moms;
New survey reveals top 5 most wanted gifts.
Mindtree topped the league stage of SPT Sports Management's corporate futsal at the end of the second day of the third edition of the event to be played over four weekends.
Mindtree topped the league stage.
Manitoba's hog producers rally at the legislature this afternoon in a last-ditch bid to sway the Doer government's plan to ban hog barn expansion in parts of Manitoba.
Manitoba's hog producers rally at the legislature.
Suffolk lawmakers say they had insufficient data on sex offender shelters Suffolk lawmakers said Friday that they lacked key information on available county shelter space before approving a plan to relocate about 40 homeless male sex offenders.
Suffolk lawmakers say they had insufficient data on sex offender shelters.
Saudi Arabia said on Wednesday it would allow foreigners to buy shares listed on its stock market through licensed intermediaries, a major step toward opening the largest Arab bourse to foreign capital.
Saudi Arabia would allow foreigners to buy shares.
British pop singer Lily Allen married her fiance Sam Cooper in a quiet ceremony in the countryside Saturday.
Pop singer Lily Allen married.
Marion Bartoli of France beat local favourite Kimiko Date-Krumm of Japan 6-1, 6-4 on Monday to advance to the second round of the Pan Pacific Open.
Marion Bartoli beat, to advance to the second round of the Pan Pacific Open.
GreatCollections has launched its much-anticipated auction and direct purchase website at www.greatcollections.com.
GreatCollections has launched its auction and direct purchase website.
Capital City Police say two people were robbed while walking in Lincoln over the past 24 hours.
Two people were robbed.
European stock index futures pointed a mixed opening on Thursday, with futures for DJ Eurostoxx 50 STXEc1 and France's CAC-40 FCEc1 down 0.1-0.3 percent while Germany's DAX futures FDXc1 ticked up 0.2 percent.
European index futures pointed a mixed opening.
Australia on Wednesday said it will fully ensure the safety of Indian students in that country and promised more policing and security following the recent spate of attacks targeting them.
Australia will ensure the safety of Indian students.
Researchers at the US Department of Energy's Argonne National Laboratory have developed a systematic method to improve the stability of antibodies.
Researchers have developed a systematic method to improve the stability of antibodies.
Anushka, Vikram's co-star in Deiva Thirumagan, has predicted that Vikram will surely get several awards for his performance in the film.
Anushka has predicted Vikram will get.
Fisherman on Falcon Lake are staying alert after last week's murder of David Hartley.
Fisherman on Falcon Lake are staying alert.
After the fatwa from Deoband that Muslim women cannot work with strangers from amongst the men and that in that case her earnings will be haram to her family, a debate is raging on the need for ijtihad and it is often suggested that gates of ijtihad were closed after sack of Baghdad in 1258 and that these gates be reopened.
Gates of ijtihad were closed.
Zavvi, the high-street music retailer formerly known as Virgin Megastores, has appointed The7Stars to handle its estimated £10m media planning and buying account.
Zavvi has appointed The7Stars.
MTV has denied reports that Lauren Conrad has reportedly left ``The Hills'' and she already filmed her possible reactions to other scenes.
MTV has denied reports Lauren Conrad has left The Hills.
THE United States on Monday urged Iran to halt executions, with the US State Department saying it was 'particularly troubled' by the hanging of a Dutch-Iranian woman after she was denied consular access.
THE United States urged Iran to halt executions.
Azerbaijan, Baku, 13 September / Trend News corr.R.Ergun /Oleg Panutin, Azerbaijani athlete gained a bronze medal in the Paralympics in Beijing.
Azerbaijan, athlete gained a bronze medal in the Paralympics.
TOOLS AND JEWELRY were stolen from a Curran Drive residence in Chatham.
TOOLS AND JEWELRY were stolen.
A European aid convoy arrived in Gaza on Monday through the Egyptian Rafah crossing to deliver medical aid relief to the blockaded territory.
A European aid convoy arrived in Gaza to deliver aid relief.
Chilean students clashed with police on Thursday during a protest demanding more funding for public education, while students in Colombia and Argentina also took to the streets in simultaneous demonstrations.
Chilean students clashed with police during a protest.
Anchor Bay in an early alert to retailers has announced plans to bring the 2010 Fouad Mikati directed film ``Operation: Endgame'' starring Zach Galifianakis \u0026 Emilie de Ravin to Blu-ray Disc on July 27th.
Anchor Bay has announced plans to bring the 2010 Fouad Mikati directed film Operation : : Endgame starring Zach Galifianakis \u0026 Emilie de Ravin to Blu-ray Disc on July 27th.
The Monterey Peninsula Water Management District board adopted an ordinance Monday changing water conservation rules for about 1,000 homes and businesses in the Highway 68 corridor.
The board adopted changing conservation rules.
James Cameron raked in $350 million for directing ``Avatar,'' the highest-grossing film of all time, Deadline.com reported Friday.
James Cameron raked in $ 350 million for directing Avatar.
The Chinese stock market extended its gains on Thursday, with the key Shanghai composite index closing above the 2,000 mark, led by heavyweight insurers, banks and oil stocks.
The Chinese market extended its gains.
MONACO -Second-ranked Novak Djokovic of Serbia split with American coach Todd Martin on Monday, but the 2008 Australian Open champion plans to continue working with Marian Vajda.
Novak Djokovic split with Todd Martin.
Newcastle United and Arsenal ( Images ) were charged by the FA on Monday for failing to control their players during their bad-tempered goalless draw in the opening Premier League match of the season at St James' Park on Saturday.
Newcastle United and Arsenal were charged by the FA.
An automated forex trading system can be just the tool you need to gain the edge in forex trading.
An automated forex system can be.
The White House said on Tuesday that the arrests of the alleged Russian spies will not affect the recently improved US-Russian relations.
The arrests of the alleged Russian spies will not affect the US-Russian relations.
Professional mixed martial arts fighter Alex Reid has imposed a sex ban on his wife Katie Price so that he can get fit for his next bout in the ring.
Alex Reid has imposed a sex ban on his wife Katie Price.
Nigel Mansell will sit out this weekend's AUTOSPORT 1000km LMS season finale at Silverstone on doctor's advice following his accident at Le Mans in June.
Nigel Mansell will sit out at Silverstone.
Stage and screen star Megan Mullally made her West End debut with her band Supreme Music Program recently and, following the performance, members of WhatsOnStage.com were treated to a post show discussion, during which Mullally talked Karen:
Mullally talked Karen.
Hundreds of people on Tuesday besieged Nilphamari railway station and obstructed movement of a newly-introduced Dhaka-bound inter-city train for about an hour protesting closure of two Khulna-bound inter-city trains.
Hundreds besieged Nilphamari railway station.
Shaquille O'Neil, one of the NBA's all-time great players, has announced his retirement from professional basketball on Twitter.
Shaquille O'Neil has announced his retirement from basketball on Twitter.
A variety of sources are reporting that Billboard and The Hollywood Reporter have been sold to group led by James Finkelstein and Pluribus Capital Management.
Billboard and The Hollywood Reporter have been sold.
A British athlete on Wednesday put himself up for auction on online giant eBay in a desperate attempt to attract sponsors in the run up to London's 2012 Olympic Games.
A athlete put up for auction on eBay.
Novartis AG is aiming at a payout ratio of 35-60 pct, chief executive Daniel Vasella said, according to slides for today''s annual press conference in Basel.
Novartis AG is aiming at a payout ratio of 35 60 pct s.
The Harvey County commission will meet at 9 am today in the Harvey County Courthouse, 800 N. Main.
The commission will meet today.
Campus sex attack prompts witness plea Updated: 09:19, Monday December 3, 2012 A woman has been sexually assaulted on the grounds of Melbourne University.
Campus sex attack prompts witness plea.
GUATEMALAN police say they have arrested a singer who fired a gun at a concert after he was told to get off the stage before playing.
A singer fired a gun at a concert.
France has offered to grant asylum to 150 Iraqi Christians, including some of those wounded in Sunday's deadly siege on a Baghdad church.
France has offered to grant asylum to 150 Iraqi Christians.
Available statistics collated by Ghana AIDS Commission indicate that about 160,000 children have been made orphans through HIV/AIDS in the country.
About 160,000 children have been made orphans through HIV / AIDS.
``My friend just called me a 'problem child'... always in trouble.
My friend called me a problem child.
State Sen. Tom O'Mara has announced updated contact information for his offices in Elmira, Bath, and Albany.
State Sen. Tom O'Mara has announced updated contact information.
THE HEAT is on RFU chairman Martyn Thomas after the sudden sacking of his chief executive John Steele, with the investigation launched yesterday into the fiasco due to report in only three weeks.
THE HEAT is on RFU chairman Martyn Thomas after the sacking of his chief executive John Steele.
Police are investigating a boat and trailer theft from a northeastern Sioux Falls boat repair shop.
Police are investigating a boat and trailer theft from a boat repair shop.
As we move into the age of webscale and cloud computing, the traditional data center architecture is blowing apart, according to executives of startups that have built new kinds of disruptive data center gear and software at the Structure 2012 conference on Wednesday in San Francisco.
The data center architecture is blowing.
He also said that power-efficient analogue processing would be a key enabler and was something that National was well-placed to exploit.
He said analogue processing would be a enabler.
Massmart Holdings Ltd., South Africa's largest food and goods wholesaler, may face a strike at its Makro, Game and Dion units because of a dispute over pay and working conditions, the South African Commercial, Catering and Allied Workers Union said.
Massmart Holdings Ltd. may face a strike at its Makro, Game and Dion units.
A French judge has issued a national arrest warrant for US cyclist Floyd Landis in connection with a case of data hacking at a doping laboratory, a prosecutor's office said.
A French judge has issued a arrest warrant for Floyd Landis.
Saudi Arabia said today it would ban all protests and marches after minority Shiâ€™ites staged small protests in the oil-producing eastern province.
Saudi Arabia would ban all protests and marches.
On Friday, Oct. 15, Air Force hosts UNLV at 7 pm, then plays New Mexico on Sunday, Oct. 17 at 1 pm The Falcons are 3-8 after splitting games against those same opponents last weekend on the road.
Air Force hosts UNLV, plays New Mexico, after splitting weekend.
Mumbai, Aug 11 Indian equity markets stayed in the green early Monday afternoon.
Equity markets stayed in the green early afternoon.
The Australian stock market was trading lower Friday, after Wall Street posted triple-digit losses overnight following worse-than-expected data for both GDP and jobs.
The Australian market was trading lower.
Former finance minister Pranab Mukherjee was today sworn in as the 13th President of India by Justice SH Kapadia Chief Justice of India.
Pranab Mukherjee was today sworn in as the 13th President of India.
Home prices in most major Chinese cities fell in November from the previous month, official data showed Sunday, as government efforts to cool the red-hot property market prove effective.
Home prices in most Chinese cities fell.
Iranian Defense Minister Ahmad Vahidi confirmed on Monday that Iran successfully launched a monkey into space , fueling Western concerns that Teheran plans to develop long-range missiles .
Ahmad Vahidi confirmed Iran launched a monkey into space.
An Olympic gold medalist promoted water safety on Friday at Lewisville Lake.
An Olympic medalist promoted water safety.
UNITED Utilities has been fined £29,000 for allowing 13,000 cubic metres of untreated sewage to enter Liverpool Bay.
UNITED Utilities has been fined £ 29,000 for allowing 13,000 metres of sewage to enter Liverpool Bay.
Two Minnesota soldiers were killed in separate attacks in Afghanistan this week, a lieutenant from Apple Valley who was sixth in his class at West Point and a specialist from Maplewood, the Army said Friday.
Two Minnesota soldiers were killed in attacks in Afghanistan.
State Rep. Karla Drenner, Georgia's only openly gay state legislator, officially endorsed Sen. Kasim Reed today in his bid to be the next mayor of Atlanta.
State Rep. Karla Drenner endorsed Kasim Reed in his bid to be the mayor.
An earthquake shook parts of Britain on Wednesday but officials said it was moderate in strength and that there were no reports of casualties or serious damage.
An earthquake shook parts of Britain.
Discover Financial Services announced today that it has signed an agreement with Citi to acquire Diners Club International, resulting in a global payments network with increased transaction volume and worldwide acceptance of Discover Network cards once the networks are fully integrated.
Discover Financial Services has signed an agreement to acquire Diners Club International, resulting in a network.
THREE rare peregrine falcon chicks have been found shot dead in the Forest of Bowland.
Peregrine falcon chicks have been found shot dead in the Forest of Bowland.
The federal minister for manpower and religious affairs, Syed Khurshid Hassan Shah has said that those who raised the slogans of changing the destiny of Nation in past, have literally destroyed the Country.
Those who raised the slogans of changing the destiny of Nation, have destroyed the Country.
A year after he spoke at Columbia College Class Day, US Attorney General Eric Holder is returning to Morningside to speak at the Law School graduation.
Attorney General Eric Holder is returning to speak at the Law School graduation.
Sachem alum Doug Shanahan was traded from the expansion Charlotte Hounds to his hometown Long Island Lizards, as announced by both teams on Friday morning.
Doug Shanahan was traded to his hometown Long Island Lizards.
The flame was lit here Thursday for the 2010 Winter Olympics and carried off by the first relay runner on a journey of more than 47,000 kilometres to Vancouver.
The flame was lit for the 2010 Winter Olympics.
By CARLA K. JOHNSON The Chicago Sun-Times laid off its entire full-time photography staff Thursday, including a Pulitzer Prize winner, in a move that the newspaper's management said resulted from a need to shift toward more online video.
The Chicago Sun-Times laid off its photography staff.
AP Dec 19, 2009 11:55:25 AM Svetlana Sleptsova has won a women's 7.5-kilometre World Cup sprint, leading a 1-2 finish for Russia.
2009 11:55:25 AM Svetlana Sleptsova has won a women's World Cup sprint, leading a 1 - 2 finish for Russia.
The Highway Patrol says a woman from Trenton was airlifted from an accident scene after she drifted across the center line and hit two tree-trimming trucks.
A woman was airlifted from an accident scene.
LIGHTS of Love are set to shine once again in Bromsgrove as the Primrose Hospice launches the 12th year of the appeal.
LIGHTS of Love are set to shine in Bromsgrove.
A 74-year-old man found unconscious in a community swimming pool Sunday died Monday at Western Medical Center-Santa Ana.
A man found unconscious in a community swimming pool died.
Coal India the world's largest coal miner, is likely to increase prices once again during July to August after it has negotiated a salary hike.
Coal India, is likely to increase prices again.
A security court in Bahrain has charged 21 human rights activists with attempted subversion, alleging they tried to overthrow the ruling monarchy.
A court in Bahrain has charged 21 rights activists.
The Indiana Fever recently revealed that they have been touched by the Aug. 13 State Fair tragedy involving a collapsed stage.
The Indiana Fever have been touched by the State Fair tragedy.
A Warren woman is charged with robbery, accused of struggling with a store security officer.
A Warren woman is charged with robbery.
The Sixers are set to interview former Washington Wizards coach Eddie Jordan on Friday, the first candidate that will meet face-to-face with team president Ed Stefanski.
The Sixers are set to interview former Washington Wizards coach Eddie Jordan.
Actress Katherine Heigl's publicist dropped her following a string of bad press in 2008 because she consistently exhibited ``diarrhea of the mouth.''
Actress Katherine Heigl's publicist dropped her following a string of bad press.
He filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy on Tuesday, reports TMZ.com.
He filed for bankruptcy.
Alexander Mcqueen is to open a new flagship store in London's Savile Row to showcase its menswear collection.
Alexander Mcqueen is to open in London's Savile Row.
Former Tory peer Lord Hanningfield has jailed for nine months after being found guilty of fiddling his parliamentary expenses.
Lord Hanningfield has jailed for nine months after being found guilty of fiddling his parliamentary expenses.
Despite Sen. Rand Paul's nearly 13-hour filibuster, John Brennan was confirmed as CIA director by the Senate Thursday.
John Brennan was confirmed as CIA director by the Senate Thursday.
Didoytsy living in Dagestan want to live in Georgia, Didoytsy representative Mohammad Ramzanov said in Tbilisi.
Didoytsy living in Dagestan want to live in Georgia.
Recent research presented at the US Department of Agriculture Small Changes Summit that addresses childhood obesity shows that calories in recipes have gradually increased over time.
Calories in recipes have gradually increased over time.
The Oklahoma National Guard is emphasizing suicide prevention efforts as the number of military personnel who take their own life rises.
The Oklahoma National Guard is emphasizing suicide prevention efforts.
But Thaell is not facing ethics charges over the votes because no complaints are known to have been filed against Thaell with the Florida Commission on Ethics.
But Thaell is not facing ethics charges.
A CATTLE farmer has been warned he will be watched ``like a hawk'' after breaching animal- welfare rules.
A farmer has been warned.
Reports in the local media claim Irvin Khoza is set to seek court action over the SAFA presidential election process, which he felt was a farce.
Irvin Khoza is set to seek court action.
FORMER Welsh Secretary Paul Murphy has warned that ``excessive'' spending on Welsh language schemes and untimely demands on public bodies and private firms at a time of tight budgets could damage the progress made on the Welsh language in the past decade.
FORMER Welsh Secretary Paul Murphy has warned excessive spending on Welsh schemes could damage.
China has seen a rapid pace of urbanization in nearly 30 years since the reform and opening-up policies, while a People's Daily report Monday pointed out the pace has been too rapid and damaged the interests of farmers; and the urbanization should follow an objective law of cities' development.
China has seen a rapid pace ; and the urbanization should follow an objective law of cities ' development.
San Diego County health officials say six more children may have caught measles at a doctor's office where another infected child was treated.
Six more children may have caught measles at a doctor's office.
The Giants announced their opening day roster this evening, opting to proceed with three catchers rather than five outfielders and including third baseman Pablo Sandoval as an active member.
The Giants announced their opening day roster.
Christmas shoppers are expected to spend £86bn this year, up 1% from last year, leading analysts have forecast.
Christmas shoppers are expected to spend £ 86bn, from year.
British comedian Sir Norman Wisdom died last night at age 95 at an Isle of Man nursing home.
Comedian Norman Wisdom died at age 95.
Gold fell three per cent on Wednesday as the dollar rallied amid mounting worries about the global economy and Europe's worsening debt crisis, while this week's brutal correction also kept jittery investors at bay.
Gold fell three per cent.
President Obama still doesn't get the message from 2008 that he was elected as an agent of change ~ instead he refused to lead, lost his base, wasted his mandate and thus ensured himself of a one term presidency.
Obama still doesn't get the message from 2008.
The University of Ghana, has debunked the numerous media reportage that has singled out Professor Kwesi Yankah, Pro-Vice Chancellor, as being the source of the University's decision.
The University of Ghana, has debunked the media reportage that has singled out Professor Kwesi Yankah.
Rentokil Initial, the battered services group, has issued its fourth profits warning in just seven months.
Rentokil Initial has issued its fourth profits warning in just seven months.
Faizabad, Dec 30 A local BSP leader was shot dead by two motorbike borne youth near here, police said today.
A BSP leader was shot dead.
The spread of the H1N1 virus in South Korea has been slowing sharply in recent weeks, with fewer infections being reported, the nation's health authorities said Tuesday.
The spread of the H1N1 virus has been slowing in recent weeks.
As part of the national cancer plan, the government will be offering a free vaccine against cervical cancer to 12-year-old girls.
The government will be offering a free vaccine against cervical cancer.
Gov. Timothy M. Kaine wants to expand state employee health benefits to qualified adults, including same-sex partners.
Timothy M. Kaine wants to expand health benefits to adults, including partners.
Bellevue-based Intelius, a provider of people search services, has dropped its IPO plans, according to an SEC filing by the firm.
Intelius has dropped its IPO plans.
Sports Writer Sports agent Leigh Steinberg filed for bankruptcy protection Wednesday, saying he takes responsibility for debts of several million dollars.
Sports agent Leigh Steinberg filed for bankruptcy protection.
India captain Anil Kumble says he harbours no ill feelings towards Australia's players after last week's bad-tempered second Test and wants to meet with Ricky Ponting to clear up any differences.
Anil Kumble harbours no ill feelings.
President of Uzbekistan Islam Karimov, who arrived in St. Petersburg to attend the informal CIS summit on 6 June, met President of the Russian Federation Dmitry Medvedev.
Islam Karimov met President of the Dmitry Medvedev.
The University of Cambridge will raise its admissions standards next year because more and more students are meeting its current entry requirements, reports The Bloomberg News.
The University of Cambridge will raise its admissions standards.
Late replacement Nicky Shaw steered England to a four-wicket victory over New Zealand and their third women's cricket World Cup title at North Sydney Oval.
Nicky Shaw steered England to a victory and their third women's World Cup title.
/ June 6, 2013 The Senate voted Thursday to move forward on a wide-ranging, five-year farm bill.
The Senate voted to move forward on a, farm bill.
IT'S the end of an era for one Dudley church which is closing its doors for the final time on Sunday.
Which is closing its doors.
But experts agree that relocating is not always a smooth move, and can often contribute to putting relationships in the penalty box with some head-butting and unsportsmanlike conduct.
But experts agree relocating is not always a smooth move.
India has sought the help of a German hydrologist to tame the great Asian river Brahmaputra, that causes catastrophic flooding and erosion, leaving a trail of destruction across the northeastern state of Assam every year.
India has sought the help of a German hydrologist to tame the river Brahmaputra.
Brazilian Formula 1 driver Felipe Massa, who suffered severe injuries during time trials for the Hungarian Grand Prix on July 25, left Budapest for Sao Paulo on a private jet on Monday morning.
Felipe Massa left Budapest.
Bullock to be honoured for charity work Updated: 13:13, Saturday May 5, 2012 Sandra Bullock will be honoured for her charity work.
2012 Sandra Bullock will be honoured for her charity work.
A health benefit fair will be held in Macon on Tuesday for state employees and teachers to hear about their options for health care coverage for 2012.
A health benefit fair will be held for state employees and teachers.
A Detroit firefighter is in intensive care after suffering severe smoke inhalation in a vacant school fire early today.
A Detroit firefighter is after suffering severe smoke inhalation.
Tesco would exit the US and scale back domestic expansion at a cost of about £2 billion as it reported the first annual profit drop in almost 20 years, the UK's largest retailer said yesterday.
Tesco would exit the US and scale back expansion.
``Toys for Tots'', an organization that gives toys to children in need, needs your help.
Toys for Tots needs your help.
A Camden County man was injured in an accident Tuesday night, according to the Missouri Highway Patrol.
A Camden County man was injured in an accident.
Murray, who scored 21 points in the loss, reached 1,000 points with a putback jumper late in the fourth quarter.
Murray reached 1,000 points.
AARON Baddeley shows you how to escape a sand trap.
How to escape a sand trap.
After the midterm elections, which are also likely to be painful, Barack Obama should learn to love big business.
Barack Obama should learn to love business.
New Delhi, Feb 2 Siemens AG, global major in engineering, healthcare and electronics, will invest more than Rs.1,600 crore in India over the next three years, a top official said Tuesday.
Siemens AG, will invest more than Rs.1, 600 crore over the next three years.
``It gives me great joy to come among you as a pilgrim in the name of Jesus Christ. I offer my most cordial greetings to the beloved land of Croatia, and as Saint Peter's Successor I warmly embrace all its inhabitants'' where Pope Benedict XVI's first words after arriving on Croatian territory.
I offer my most cordial greetings to the beloved land of Croatia.
A new SPAR store in Powlett Road, Hartlepool, will open its doors on Thursday and to mark the occasion there will be an opening ceremony from 3.30pm.
A new store will open.
An armed man shot dead by police in east London has been named as 40-year-old Andrew Hammond.
An man shot dead by police has been named.
Our second Live Chat is coming on Wednesday, from 1 pm-2 pm Got a question for J. Long and I?
Our Live Chat is coming on Wednesday.
On Tuesday, Tiger Woods confirmed what most had suspected: he will return to the PGA Tour at the Masters.
Tiger Woods confirmed : he will return at the Masters.
Marilyn Chambers, who was made famous for adult films such ``Behind the Green Door'' and ``Deep Throat'' has died at 56 of unknown causes.
Marilyn Chambers, who was made such has died at 56.
Ryder Cup captains Colin Montgomerie and Corey Pavin said Thursday that they were looking forward to tough matches in Friday′s opening session.
Ryder Cup captains said they were looking forward to tough matches.
TSA stands by plan to allow small knives on planes The head of the Transportation Security Administration told lawmakers Thursday he stands by his plan to allow passengers to carry small knives onto planes despite a growing backlash against the proposal.
TSA stands by plan to allow small knives on planes The head told.
Electronics retailer Circuit City is closing 155 stores by the end of the year, including one in Thousand Oaks.
Circuit City is closing 155 stores.
Oil prices rose to near $46 a barrel Monday as investors anticipated another OPEC production cut will shrink global supplies.
Oil prices rose to near $ 46.
Houston County Head Football Coach Greg Robinson, according to reports, has resigned as the head football coach for the Bears.
Head Football Coach Greg Robinson has resigned as the coach.
South Africa's is the latest national motor racing body to ask FIA President Max Mosley to quit.
South Africa is the body to ask Max Mosley to quit.
India spot gold prices rebounded today by over 2.4 pct to open at another lifetime high, powered by overnight global cues and on weakness of the Indian rupee against the US dollar, trade participants said.
India spot gold prices rebounded to open at another lifetime high.
Former University of Kansas athletic director Lew Perkins faces an ethics complaint and could be fined up to $15,000 over allegations he improperly accepted gifts of exercise equipment and physical therapy sessions.
Lew Perkins faces an ethics complaint.
All major terrorist networks have a safe haven in Pakistan to operate, creating a big ``problem'' to the United States' war against terror, Defence Secretary Robert Gates has said.
All terrorist networks have a safe haven in Pakistan.
Holy Family School scored big in a recent nationwide contest to win 50 free laptop computers by garnering the second most votes of 8,100 schools in the nation.
Holy Family School scored to win 50 laptop computers.
THE OECD is planning to list tax offences as a form of money laundering, a move that could hit Switzerland hard, a Swiss newspaper reported overnight.
THE OECD is planning to list tax offences as a form of money laundering.
IT services giant major Infosys on Thursday said it has done fairly well in a ``very challenging'' environment with dollar-denominated revenues growing 4.8 percent year-on-year and addition of 51 new clients.
Infosys has done fairly well.
Yes, following the turbulent events that led to the show being shut down for the rest of the season, Charlie Sheen has been fired from Two and a Half Men.
Charlie Sheen has been fired from Two and a Half Men.
Julian Assange is nothing but a dobber in disguise, says a men's magazine which has named him Un-Australian of the Year.
Which has named Julian Assange Un-Australian of the Year.
North Korea says it has formally entered a ``state of war'' with South Korea and warns that any provocation will swiftly escalate into a nuclear conflict.
North Korea has entered a state of war.
Arkeia Software, a provider of data protection software solutions, has appointed Bill Evans as its new CEO.
Arkeia Software has appointed as its new CEO.
England coach Fabio Capello is to undergo knee replacement surgery, a fallout from injuries during his playing career.
England coach Fabio Capello is to undergo knee replacement surgery.
A Merrill man pleaded no contest in Lincoln County Circuit Court to charges of armed robbery at the Holiday Station in December.
A Merrill man pleaded no contest to charges of robbery.
Former Spice Girls singer Victoria Beckham says she wants to have a baby girl, but doesn't have the time.
Victoria Beckham wants to have a baby girl.
Haryana police Thursday busted an inter-state gang of robbers and vehicle lifters and arrested six of its members who were active in Haryana, Delhi and Rajasthan for the past few months.
Haryana police busted an inter-state gang of robbers.
Music maestro AR Rahman returns back to India after winning two oscars and becoming the first indian to achieve the feat. He returned to Chennai by an Emirates flight at 2.30 am and hundreds of fans turned up to welcome him.
AR Rahman returns back to India after winning two oscars.
Fergie was ``thrilled'' to record the theme song for Sex and the City:
Fergie was thrilled to record the song.
Exeter Township and West Reading held Easter egg hunts for local children, each of which drew big crowds.
Exeter Township and West Reading held Easter egg hunts.
NATHAN Tyson believes Nottingham Forest have proved they are capable of grinding out results when they have to, following their battling 1-0 win at Derby County.
Nottingham Forest have proved they are capable of grinding out results.
A 42-year-old man received severe head and internal injuries and had his foot severed off when he was hit by a freight train in Merredin early this morning.
A man was hit by a freight train in Merredin.
The Federal Reserve says farmland values appeared to stabilize in the first quarter as demand for good land remained solid.
Farmland values appeared to stabilize.
Entries have now opened for the Euroleague 3 on 3 Tournament that will take place in Trafalgar Square on the 11th and 12th May.
Entries have now opened for the Euroleague 3 on 3 Tournament that will take in Trafalgar Square.
A female journalist who wrote about women's rights and criticised political leaders has been stabbed to death in southern Nepal, officials and colleagues said Monday.
A female journalist has been stabbed to death in Nepal.
The US dollar rose against other major currencies in Asian trade yesterday as institutional players bought the greenback on the final day of Japan's fiscal year, dealers said.
The US dollar rose in Asian trade.
Former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Friday the central bank and other US regulators ``failed'' during the financial crisis because they became too complacent about risks.
Alan Greenspan said the bank and US regulators failed during the financial crisis.
AlphaLab is now accepting applications for its Winter/Spring 2011 session that officially starts on January 4th, 2011!
AlphaLab is accepting applications for its Winter / Spring 2011 session.
KHOST // Foreign troops killed nine Afghan soldiers in a mistaken air strike in the south-east of the country overnight, the Afghan Defence Ministry said today.
KHOST Foreign troops killed nine Afghan soldiers.
Film director Sir Alfred Hitchcock was a sadistic sexual predator who devoted his 40-year career to making stars of ice-cool blondes.
Alfred Hitchcock was a sexual predator.
Yahoo! - Former Buccaneers defensive end Simeon Rice called former coach Jon Gruden a 'scumbag' in an interview with Sirius NFL Radio on Tuesday.
Simeon Rice called Jon Gruden a scumbag.
Oasis have been nominated for two Q Awards after a turbulent year which saw Noel Gallagher quit and their stadium gigs slammed.
Oasis have been nominated for two Q Awards.
The Ukrainian authorities will not interfere in church affairs, but will help overcome interfaith misunderstandings, Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych has said.
The Ukrainian authorities will not interfere in church affairs.
Medicare approved two fake companies to supply wheelchairs and other equipment, even though the phony firms had no inventory or clients, says a Government Accountability Office report released Monday.
Medicare approved two fake companies to supply wheelchairs and other equipment.
A mosquito pool in Sandown has tested positive for EEE.
A mosquito pool has tested positive for EEE.
``The market is likely to see a subdued start with global markets lacking clear direction. Volatility is likely to remain high as the near-month October 2010 derivatives contracts expiry today, Oct. 28, 2010. Trading of S\u0026P CNX Nifty futures on the Singapore stock exchange indicate that the Nifty could fall 5.50 points at the opening bell. Asian markets were trading mixed,`` said the broking house, Geojit PNB Paribas.
The market is likely to see a subdued start. Volatility is.
In an attempt to ramp up its delivery of cloud services to the public sector, Microsoft unveiled 14 new cloud deals with local as well as regional governments and agencies, at its US Public Sector CIO Summit on Wednesday.
Microsoft unveiled 14 new cloud deals with local as well as regional governments and agencies.
Brazilian airline Gol on Monday said in a regulatory filing that it has completed the acquisition of small rival Webjet.
Gol said it has completed the acquisition of Webjet.
Complete casting has been announced for the Toronto engagement of Mary Poppins, which will begin performances at the Princess of Wales Theatre Nov. 10 for a limited engagement through Jan. 8, 2012.
Complete casting has been announced for the Toronto engagement of Mary Poppins.
The US has overtaken China for first time since 2001 in an annual survey of executives rating of favourable location preferences of FDI.
The US has overtaken China for first time since 2001 in an survey of rating of location preferences of FDI.
The Cincinnati Bengals signed rookie kicker Sam Swank from Wake Forest on Sunday, giving them another option while Shayne Graham recovers from a groin injury.
The Cincinnati Bengals signed rookie kicker Sam Swank.
The state Senate voted on Tuesday to add cell phones and fax machines to Missouri's no-call list and to regulate automated political phone calls.
The Senate voted to add cell phones to Missouri's list and to regulate calls.
A three day information, education and communication camp was organized by DPMC, Fatehgarh Sahib wing of PWRSS during Jor Mela has been concluded here.
A information, education and communication camp was organized.
Hillary Scott of Lady Antebellum has confirmed that she and her husband are expecting a baby girl later this year.
Hillary Scott are expecting a baby girl.
Bollywood superstar Amitabh Bachchan has now started writing his highly popular blog in English and Hindi.
Superstar Amitabh Bachchan has now started writing his blog in English and Hindi.
Nawaz Sharif, poised for a record third term as Pakistan Prime Minister after his party's emphatic win in the landmark general elections, has vowed to pursue better relations with the US while seeking ``warmer ties'' with India.
Nawaz Sharif has vowed to pursue better relations with the US while seeking warmer ties with India.
This Super Bowl certainly has all the makings of another thriller, the perfect finish to a season that began in turmoil and wound up the most successful in league history.
This Super Bowl has the makings of another thriller.
MINNEAPOLIS A Minneapolis police officer has pleaded guilty during his trial on corruption charges.
A Minneapolis police officer has pleaded guilty.
India and China Friday began their annual defence dialogue after a two-year gap following a thaw in their military relations that had witnessed a dip in 2010 after Beijing refused to issue a proper visa to an Indian Army general posted in Jammu and Kashmir.
India and China Friday began their annual defence dialogue.
Sri Lanka have been fined for a slow over-rate in the one-off Twenty20 international against India in Colombo.
Sri Lanka have been fined for a over-rate.
AccuQuote, a leader in providing term life insurance quotes to people across the country, illustrates the need for waiver of premium term life insurance in today's economic condition.
AccuQuote illustrates the need for waiver of premium term life insurance.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST boss Billy Davies has sung the praises of Dave Jones ahead of plotting the Bluebirds' downfall at the Cardiff City Stadium today.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST boss Billy Davies has sung the praises of Dave Jones.
Mark Thatcher, the son of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, has married again in a secret ceremony in Gibraltar, according to a London newspaper.
Mark Thatcher has married again in a secret ceremony.
Michelle Obama, the wife of Democratic presidential nonimee Barack Obama is scheduled to campaign in Wausau Monday.
Michelle Obama, is scheduled to campaign in Wausau.
``I just wanted to see Rome,'' is what the 11-year old boy is reported to have said when he was discovered alone and without a passport or ticket on a Jet2 plane from Manchester to Rome on 24 July.
I wanted to see Rome.
Residential property prices declined in January, albeit from a ``solid base'' following their strong recovery last year according to ooba, SA's leading bond originator, that said conditions were favourable for homebuyers to consider getting onto the property ladder.
Property prices declined in January.
The Turkish army has withdrawn from northern Iraq, at the end of an extensive attack on PKK rebels launched February 21.
The Turkish army has withdrawn from northern Iraq.
New Delhi, March 13 A 45-year-old man died after falling into a sewer in east Delhi, police said Friday.
New Delhi, A man died after falling into a sewer.
Robert E. Mulcahy said that he was fired as Rutgers athletic director after refusing a request by the university President Richard L. McCormick to resign.
Robert E. Mulcahy said he was fired after refusing a request to resign.
Tribal anglers are within their rights to continue fishing for walleye and other fish species, though the seasons are closed for recreational anglers.
Tribal anglers are within their rights to continue fishing.
Raids not only hurt our businesses, our communities, all workers and immigrants, but they victimize the very people that helped to bring change to the White House and elect President Obama.
Raids hurt our businesses, our communities, all workers and immigrants.
)According to SAMA, total bank deposits declined by 0.6 percent to Rls 911.4 billion during the third quarter of 2009 compared to an increase of 3.8 percent during the preceding quarter, recording an annual rise of 13.3 percent at the end of the third quarter of 2009.
Total bank deposits declined.
Clearwater police are searching for a person who stabbed a woman, leaving her with life-threatening injuries.
Clearwater police are searching for a person who stabbed a woman.
KAYAK , the world's leading travel search engine, launched a national advertising campaign aimed at increasing brand awareness.
KAYAK launched a national advertising campaign.
The US Marshals arrested a man for allegedly failing to register as a sex offender.
The US Marshals arrested a man for failing to register.
China has deported eight Americans who were detained in the Chinese capital last week after a wave of pro-Tibet protests, the US embassy has said
China has deported eight Americans who were detained.
Troubled SeaFrance is set to be wound up if a new buyer cannot be found within weeks.
SeaFrance is set to be wound up if a buyer can not be found.
US Senate has approved an additional USD 165b war funding after lawmakers blocked timetables for withdrawing troops from Iraq.
Senate has approved an USD 165b war funding.
Thousands of people celebrated Earth Day at an event Saturday at Liberty State Park in Jersey City sponsored by the Hudson County Improvement Authority and also at Pier A in Hoboken at that city's first Green Fair.
Thousands celebrated Earth Day at Liberty State Park.
A western Pennsylvania judge held an Amish farmer in contempt of court for failing to upgrade outhouses at an Amish school.
A judge held an Amish farmer in contempt.
Apple has dropped the price on its original iPads by $100.
Apple has dropped the price on its original iPads.
Joint-manager Rob Scott insists Boston United need a ``spark'' to get their season going following their drab 0-0 draw with Whitby Town on Saturday.
Boston United need a spark.
Jennifer Hudson has spoken out about her depression following the brutal murders of her mother, brother and nephew.
Jennifer Hudson has spoken out about her depression.
A group of Toyota owners sued the Japanese automaker Monday, demanding a full refund for their recalled cars and seeking a payout that could exceed several billion dollars.
A group of Toyota owners sued the Japanese automaker, demanding a full refund for their recalled cars.
AN EXTRA shift was introduced at Honda today, where hundreds more jobs have been created.
AN shift was introduced at Honda.
Iran has threatened to launch pre-emptive action against Israel in the event of an attack on its nuclear facilities, raising the tempo in an increasingly bellicose exchange of rhetoric with the Jewish state.
Iran has threatened to launch pre-emptive action against Israel.
Timo Glock will drive for the new Manor GP team in the next Formula One season.
Timo Glock will drive for the Manor GP team.
Penn State field hockey coach Charlene Morett has announced the addition of three newcomers to the Penn State field hockey program.
Charlene Morett has announced the addition of three newcomers.
India and China, both emerging countries, should become ``inseparable strategic partners'' overcoming the ``deep scars'' inflicted by the 1962 war and should make its 50th anniversary a starting point for a promising bilateral cooperation, state-run media said on Wednesday.
India and China, both countries, should become inseparable partners.
As the largest private source of funding for food allergy research in the US, FAI will underwrite the publication of the guidelines as a special supplement to the December 2010 issue of the Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology.
FAI will underwrite the publication of the guidelines.
A Eunice woman whose husband was fatally shot two years ago has pleaded guilty to solicitation to commit first-degree murder.
A Eunice woman has pleaded guilty to solicitation to commit murder.
mchaggis It's very rare that a film is better than the book on which it's based, but I have to say, Gone With The Wind is one of those films which is definitely superior in every respect to the book.
A film is better than the book it's based.
The world prices for oil, following the results of the tenders on Monday have gone up, Kazakhstan Today agency reports citing RIA RosBusinessConsulting.
The world prices for oil, have gone up.
BAKERSFIELD, Calif. 85 teachers and staff in the Kern High School District are set to receive pink slips this week.
85 teachers and staff are set to receive pink slips.
Medical-testing company LabCorp will add 346 jobs in the Greensboro as it consolidates billing operations from across the country.
LabCorp will add 346 jobs in the Greensboro.
American goalkeeper Troy Perkins is leaving the Norwegian club Valerenga to return to the United States for undisclosed family reasons.
American goalkeeper Troy Perkins is leaving the club Valerenga to return to the United States for family reasons.
ARSENAL striker Emmanuel Adebayor wants revenge over Liverpool this weekend after Rafael Benitez's men dumped them out of the Champions League last season.
Emmanuel Adebayor wants revenge over Liverpool.
Aecom Technology Corp. said Monday it agreed to acquire Boyle Engineering, a Newport Beach, Calif.-based engineering firm that specializes in the water sector, including drinking water, wastewater treatment and water-resource management.
Aecom Technology Corp. agreed to acquire Boyle Engineering a engineering firm.
The top US military commander for the Middle East resigned Tuesday amid speculation about a rift over US policy in Iran.
The top US commander resigned.
Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi on Thursday, Oct 15, said that the Arunachal Pradesh is very much part of India.
The Arunachal Pradesh is part of India.
Charlotte Bobcats coach Larry Brown resigned from his position, Bobcats chairman and CEO Michael Jordan announced in a news release from the team.
Charlotte Bobcats coach Larry Brown resigned.
Less than a month after releasing the video to her first song ``Say My Name,'' Russian-born singer Oksana Grigorieva is quick to offer her fans another side of herself in a new clip directed by boyfriend Mel Gibson.
Oksana Grigorieva is quick to offer in a new clip directed by Mel Gibson.
The Oakland Raiders released former No. 1 overall pick JaMarcus Russell today, ending a three-year tenure marked by his high salary and unproductive play on the field.
The Oakland Raiders released JaMarcus Russell.
A 50-year-old man was hurt by a falling winch at Heinz Field Tuesday afternoon.
A man was hurt by a falling winch at Heinz Field.
The Delhi Metro services in the Vishwavidyalaya-Central Secretariat line were disrupted for nearly 30 minutes this morning after a woman allegedly attempted suicide by jumping on the track.
The Delhi Metro services were disrupted after a woman attempted suicide.
SAN FRANCISCO ― A native San Francisco plant that was once thought to be extinct is being considered for federal endangered species protections.
SAN FRANCISCO ― A plant is being considered for federal protections.
Actor Jayan is making an unbelievable comeback to the silver screen 20 years after his death.
Jayan is making an comeback to the silver screen.
Long time prisoner Morgan Freeman has said he is delighted that penpal Nelson Mandela will play him in a new Spielberg blockbuster Hollywood film.
Nelson Mandela will play Morgan Freeman in a new blockbuster film.
Actors Alyson Hannigan and Alexis Denisof are expecting their first child, her rep tells PEOPLE exclusively.
Alyson Hannigan and Alexis Denisof are expecting their first child.
COMMONWEALTH champion Jack Bobridge smashed the individual pursuit world record at the national titles to become the fastest track cyclist over 4000 metres yesterday.
Jack Bobridge smashed the world record.
Canterbury prop James Graham will plead not guilty to a biting charge at the NRL judiciary on Thursday night.
James Graham will plead not guilty to a biting charge.
Bunker prices across the Americas region pushed higher Monday as crude oil opened the week by moving up past $54 per barrel.
Prices across the region pushed higher.
The Queen has arrived in a sunny Australia for an 11-day tour of the country.
The Queen has arrived in a Australia.
Top members of the computer hacking group LulzSec have been arrested in an international case spanning the United States, Great Britain, and Ireland.
Top members of the group LulzSec have been arrested.
THE Grimsby Town players have decided to do their own take on Movember by growing moustaches in aid of the charities of Richard Broadley and Matty Dawson.
THE players have decided to do their own take on Movember.
The Inter-departmental sports gala organized under the aegis of Comsats Institute of Information Technology concluded here Saturday.
The Inter-departmental sports gala concluded.
A Fairborn native has been critically wounded in Afghanistan.
A Fairborn native has been wounded in Afghanistan.
The Illinois Tollway will dispatch ``zero weather patrols'' tonight to help motorists who need help in the arctic cold.
The Illinois Tollway will dispatch zero weather patrols.
Switzerland's largest banks UBS and Credit Suisse should step up the pace at which they are stowing capital against possible future losses if economic prospects worsen, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development said.
UBS and Credit Suisse should step up the pace they are stowing capital if economic prospects worsen.
Kim says pregnancy is 'painful' Updated: 15:14, Monday March 18, 2013 Kim Kardashian has admitted her pregnancy can be 'a little painful at times'.
Kim says pregnancy is painful Updated.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie firmly declared Tuesday that ``now is not my time'' to run for president, dashing the hopes of Republicans still searching for someone other than former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney, who has failed to win over skeptical conservatives, or Texas Gov. Rick Perry, who is falling in polls as quickly as he had risen.
Chris Christie firmly declared is not my time to run for president.
NSS director board member and Kerala Congresschairman R.Balakrishna Pillai has said that the NSS might be forced to abandon its equidistance policy to teach those political leaders, who openly challenged the Nair community, a lesson.
The NSS might be forced to abandon its equidistance policy.
Genetic testing has been a revolution in the field of illness identification and treatment but the testing can also uncover family secrets such as incest and discussions are going on regarding how best to handle such sensitive information.
Genetic testing has been but the testing can uncover family secrets such as incest.
As we close out 2008 I thought it would be interesting to find out what farmers want consumers to know.
Farmers want consumers to know.
The rupee on Thursday depreciated by a hefty 37 paise to close at nearly one-week low of 54.38 on fresh dollar demand from importers and capital outflows from the stock market, amid political uncertainty.
The rupee depreciated to close.
The rabbi who interviewed Helen Thomas when she made her offensive comments about Israel says he has received more than 25,000 hate e-mails, according to a New York television station.
The rabbi who interviewed Helen Thomas says he has received more than 25,000 hate e-mails.
Authorities in Massachusetts say a family that got lost in a 7-acre corn maze called 911 for help.
A family that got lost in a corn maze called 911.
The Kelantan government has requested RM500 million from the federal government to build a sports complex, including a sports stadium, in Bandar Baru Tanjung under the 10th Malaysia Plan.
The Kelantan government has requested RM500 million to build a sports complex.
The rains that have been falling since Sunday are causing flooding and power outages throughout the High Country.
The rains are causing flooding and power outages.
Miroslav Satan is still hoping to return to the Islanders, having skated at the team's practice facility on Wednesday.
Miroslav Satan is still hoping to return to the Islanders.
A 42-year-old Chelmsford man was charged for stunt driving on Wednesday after police caught a motorcycle going 115 kilometres per hour in a 50 kilometer per hour zone on Elm Street.
A man was charged for stunt driving.
Blue Nile launched a redesigned website, www.bluenile.com, adding new features and enhanced product images and descriptions.
Blue Nile launched a redesigned website.
Taliban supreme leader Mullah Omar is reasserting direct control over the militant group, ordering attacks and shuffling field commanders in Afghanistan, The Wall Street Journal reported Sunday.
Mullah Omar is reasserting control.
Samsung has announced the 55-inch curved OLED will be available in South Korea next month for $13,000 US, but local availability is yet to be confirmed.
Samsung has announced the curved OLED will be for $ 13,000.
Madonna endorsed President Obama at her concert on Monday night in Washington DC, which involved her stripping down to reveal the president's name written on her body.
Madonna endorsed President Obama.
Rhode Island officials are considering eliminating up to 20 percent of public transit bus stops across the state in an effort to speed up service.
Rhode Island officials are considering eliminating up to 20 percent of bus stops in an effort to speed up service.
Yes, the Vanessa Hudgens leaked photos are certainly genuine; they are of the High School Musical celebrity herself.
The Vanessa Hudgens leaked photos are.
National MP Richard Worth will ``never'' return as a minister, Prime Minister John Key confirmed this afternoon.
Richard Worth will never return, John Key confirmed.
ALAMEDA, Calif. The Oakland Raiders signed wide receiver TJ Houshmandzadeh to a contract on Tuesday, reuniting him with his former quarterback Carson Palmer.
The Oakland Raiders signed TJ Houshmandzadeh.
On Monday December the 13 th , a nutrition bill was signed by President Barrack Obama and it will cause children at school to have healthier and more nutritious foods during their time at school.
A nutrition bill was signed.
Islamabad, July 22 At least three people were killed and 15 injured when a passenger van plunged into a river in Pakistan Friday, The News reported.
Islamabad, three people were killed a van plunged into a river in Pakistan.
675 WebOS 2.0 gets fresh round of screenshots; new Palm phones and Touchstone certified? http://tumblr.com/xdhjtge0o 29 minutes ago
675 WebOS 2.0 gets fresh round of screenshots ; new Palm phones and Touchstone certified.
More than half a million people were forced to leave their homes as a weakening Hurricane Paloma passed over southeastern Cuba early yesterday, lashing the island with rain, gale-force winds and massive waves.
Hurricane Paloma passed over Cuba.
Gas prices fell slightly across Florida and nationwide over the holiday weekend and are expected to continue falling for at least a few more weeks.
Gas prices fell slightly over the holiday weekend.
But did you know that some power plans charge you more money if you do not use enough electricity?
Some plans charge if you do not use enough electricity.
Fort Bend ISD lunch prices will increase by 25 cents for the 2011-2012 school year due to a federal mandate that will again increase the prices for the following year.
Fort Bend ISD lunch prices will increase.
In its ongoing campaign for health care reform, the Department of Health and Human Services on Tuesday spotlighted an insurance coverage practice that many people did not know was permitted.
The Department of Health and Human Services spotlighted an insurance coverage practice.
Seven-time Formula One champion Michael Schumacher has met with Mercedes bosses, his manager said Sunday, amid speculation that the driver may come out of retirement to join the new F1 team.
Michael Schumacher has met with Mercedes bosses.
Eric Russell, shown returning his interception, turned in a career-best 13 tackles at Purdue to earn SBC Player of the Week honors.
Eric Russell turned in to earn SBC Player of the Week honors.
Fleetwood Mac will not only be playing new music on their upcoming North American tour, they plan to release new music as well.
Fleetwood Mac will be playing new music, they plan to release.
ICICI Bank has target of Rs 972, says Siddharth Bhamre, Angel Broking.
ICICI Bank has target of Rs 972.
Coronation Street and Keeping Up Appearances actor Geoffrey Hughes has died aged 68, his agent said.
Coronation Street and Keeping Up actor Geoffrey Hughes has died aged 68.
``I wasn't planning to leave Everton,'' Moyes told reporters at a news conference ostensibly to discuss a weekend date with West Ham United but which inevitably touched on his impending switch after 11 years in charge at Goodison Park.
I wasn't planning to leave Everton.
TOKYO Toyota has started recalling Lexus and Crown luxury vehicles in Japan over an engine defect in the latest setback for the automaker beset with quality problems.
Toyota has started recalling in Japan over an engine defect.
In true Elisabeth Hasselbeck fashion, she gushed her words and made little sense today when she tried to apologize to Erin Andrews.
Elisabeth Hasselbeck tried to apologize to Erin Andrews.
Inflation is taking alarming proportions in the country and not a single consumer item is left out of the skyrocketing prices, RJD chief Lalu Prasad on Wednesday said.
Inflation is taking alarming proportions.
Aurora Police spokeswoman Sergeant Cassidee Carlson said the device found in the apartment of suspect James Holmes had clearly been ``set up to kill.''
The device had been set up to kill.
European stocks fell, sending the Dow Jones Stoxx 600 Index to the lowest in more than five years, as concern deepened the global economic slump will erode earnings.
European stocks fell.
North Korea says it has no plans to carry out a third nuclear test, but instead will focus more time and energy on its satellite development program.
North Korea says it has no plans to carry out a nuclear test.
THE son of the Philippines' former president, the late Cory Aquino, has said he would run for president in national elections next year.
THE son would run for president.
The UT Tyler basketball teams look for a weekend sweep in this West Texas city today.
The UT Tyler teams look for a weekend sweep.
A Riverside police officer was struck by lightning while helping rescue efforts at the site of the deadly tornado in Joplin.
A Riverside police officer was struck by lightning.
While some think that the strategy doesn't level the playing field in America, CNN columnist LZ Granderson writes that blacks actually don't like affirmative action, either, because it gives outsiders the opportunity to assume jobs were gained because of earmarks rather than talent.
Blacks don't like affirmative action, either.
The Whistle Stop Cafe, owned by Marti Lofstrom and her husband Jerry, reopens Saturday after a summer break.
The Whistle Stop Cafe reopens Saturday.
A series of crashes, starting from Air Blue to leased Russian Cargo freighter and Bhoja Air raises many question and the most tragic and shocking of them is ``Who will regulate the regulator?'', when it is stuffed with either incompetent, or corrupt cronies and administratively under control of a controversial minister with an equally more questionable bureaucracy that dominates this ministry.
Who will regulate the regulator.
A Continental Airlines jet traveling from Madrid to Newark, NJ, made an emergency landing in Connecticut Wednesday after a smoke alarm sounded in the jet's lavatory.
A jet made an emergency landing.
Thai media reported that Mr Ratan Tata chairman of TATA Group will fly to Bangkok on March 27th 2008 to launch the Indian pickup trucks at the Bangkok International Motor Show running from March 28th 2008 to April 6th 2008 at Bangkok International Trade and Exhibition Centre.
Mr Ratan Tata chairman will fly to launch the pickup trucks.
A Marine charged with killing an unarmed detainee in Fallujah, Iraq, was jailed by a federal judge for refusing to testify before a grand jury investigating a former comrade.
A Marine charged was jailed for refusing to testify before a grand jury.
A Westbrook man is in jail, accused of holding his stepfather hostage at gunpoint.
A Westbrook man is, accused of holding his stepfather hostage.
Hip hop mogul James Rosemond has pleaded not guilty to federal charges that he ran a cocaine trafficking ring between Los Angeles and New York.
Hip hop mogul James Rosemond has pleaded not guilty.
Junior running back Knile Davis reportedly has returned to practice at Arkansas, despite suffering what was deemed a season-ending broken ankle in the preseason.
Knile Davis has returned to practice at Arkansas.
A group of Serbian intellectuals have written a new letter condemning the charges against the six anarchists being persecuted by the state.
A group of Serbian intellectuals have written a new letter condemning the charges against the six anarchists.
The AFP reports Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez called videogames ``poison'' during his weekly radio-TV show ``Alo Presidente.''
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez called videogames poison.
In particular, the government forecasts GDP growth of 3.7% y/y and inflation of 9.7% in 2010, acting FinMin Ihor Umanskyi announced.
The government forecasts GDP growth of 3.7% / y and inflation of 9.7% in 2010.
Like Adam Lambert, Justin Bieber asks his fans for birthday gifts to be given to charity.
Like Adam Lambert, Justin Bieber asks his fans for birthday gifts.
Microsoft has acknowledged for the first time, that linux is a direct threat to the Windows client, naming Red Hat and Canonical as competitors to it's Windows client business in it's annual report to the US Securities and Exchange Commission.
Microsoft has acknowledged, linux is a threat to the Windows client.
Smart Balance Inc. will hold its annual meeting of stockholders at 10:00 am EDT on Wednesday, May 21, 2008, at the Teaneck Marriott at Glenpointe, 100 Frank W. Burr Boulevard, Teaneck, New Jersey 07666.
Smart Balance Inc. will hold its annual meeting of stockholders on Wednesday, May 21, 2008.
India's president said on Sunday that corruption is ``a cancer'' affecting all aspects of life in the country, as the government prepares to pass contentious new anti-graft laws.
Corruption is a cancer.
The New York City St. Patrick's Day parade in New York is to change its route again in 2012 so that is passes by the American Irish Historical Society, the traditional bookend of the parade.
The St. Patrick's Day parade in New York is to change its route.
Online gun sellers are facing greater scrutiny after the second-deadliest school shooting in US history, spurring a nationwide debate and proposals to limit the availability of firearms.
Online gun sellers are facing greater scrutiny.
Almost two dozen Filipinos were crucified to re-enact the passion of Jesus Christ during the Holy Week, but the Roman Catholic church criticizes the gory observance and urges catholics to confess, pray and meditate.
Almost two dozen Filipinos were crucified to re-enact the passion of Jesus Christ.
BRADENTON, Fla. Pittsburgh pitcher Kevin Correia singled twice off Red Sox star Josh Beckett, including a bases-loaded hit that sent the Pittsburgh Pirates past Boston 7-5 Saturday.
Pittsburgh pitcher Kevin Correia singled twice off Josh Beckett.
The Maharashtra government has formulated a new textiles policy in a bid to rejuvenate the sick textile sector in the state.
The Maharashtra government has formulated a new textiles policy.
Public Safety Minister Vic Toews and his family are reportedly receiving serious threats as the controversial Internet surveillance bill advances.
Vic Toews are receiving serious threats as the Internet surveillance bill advances.
Christians are marking Palm Sunday in Jerusalem, commemorating Jesus' arrival in the city two millennia ago.
Christians are marking Palm Sunday in Jerusalem.
Biothera has started dosing in an open-label, randomized Phase III trial investigating Imprime PGG in conjunction with cetuximab to treat recurrent or progressive KRAS wild-type colorectal cancer.
Biothera has started, randomized Phase III trial.
AP Memphis punk rocker Jay Reatard, known for performing shows and releasing singles at a breakneck pace, has died.
Memphis punk rocker Jay Reatard has died.
The Duke Endowment of Charlotte on Monday gave Duke University $80 million, the largest donation in school history.
The Duke Endowment gave Duke University $ 80 million.
A Houston police officer fatally shot a man in Kingwood Saturday night after the suspect grabbed the patrolman's Taser, pointed it at the officer and threatened to shoot him with it, authorities said.
A officer fatally shot a man in Kingwood.
After an uneven performance by Kyle Boller in the Ravens' 16-15 victory over the New England Patriots on Thursday night, Smith will start the second preseason game Aug. 16 against the Minnesota Vikings at M and T Bank Stadium.
Smith will start against the Minnesota Vikings.
Rio Tinto Ltd has reiterated that it is reviewing all its Australian projects under the worst-case tax scenario to assess the impact the proposed new mining tax on future growth plans.
Rio Tinto Ltd has reiterated it is reviewing its Australian projects.
Pablo Hernandez says that Swansea City need to stop his friend Juan Mata from hitting form for Chelsea when they meet in the Capital One Cup.
Pablo Hernandez says Swansea City need to stop his friend Juan Mata.
An early morning house fire in Anza killed killed one person who was not able to make it out.
An house fire killed one person.
Students, faculty and community leaders gathered Thursday at Community Christian School in Stuart in observance of National Day of Prayer.
Students, and community leaders gathered in Stuart in observance of National Day of Prayer.
Bahrain's national carrier Gulf Air announced the launch of services to three more new destinations - Rome, the Italian capital, Entebbe, the hub of Uganda's commercial sector and Juba, the capital of newly independent country, South Sudan.
Gulf Air announced the launch of services to three more new destinations.
Jennie Garth celebrates her daughters' graduation day one day after finalizing her divorce from their father Peter Facinelli.
Jennie Garth celebrates her daughters ' graduation day after finalizing her divorce.
Angelina Jolie will be replacing Tom Cruise in the Columbia Pictures espionage thriller Edwin A. Salt.
Angelina Jolie will be replacing Tom Cruise in the espionage thriller.
Now that every football team in District 29-5A has one game under its belt the real games can begin this week.
Now - the real games can begin.
In a new clip from ``With Great Power: The Stan Lee Story,'' Stan Lee talks about almost quitting the comic book business in the '60s and how his wife convinced him to give it another shot.
Stan Lee talks almost quitting the comic business.
Broadway fans, especially those in Southeast Asia, is expected to make a beeline for Kuala Lumpur in May when the West Side Story musical hit the Malaysian capital.
The West Side Story musical hit the Malaysian capital.
DC Thompson has announced that The Dandy will relaunch as a weekly comic later this month, Bleeding Cool reports.
The Dandy will relaunch this month.
The Oakland Raiders released running back Dominic Rhodes on Monday, two days after using their top draft pick to take big-play back Darren McFadden.
The Oakland Raiders released running Dominic Rhodes, pick.
A vacant Tulare home used by transients was badly damaged by fire early Tuesday, the Tulare Fire Department said.
A vacant Tulare home was damaged by fire.
Arkansas City police arrested one of the two women suspected of being behind a crime spree and identity theft scheme that stretches from Hutchinson to Ponca City, OK.
Arkansas City police arrested one of the two women suspected of being behind a crime spree.
User Rating: / 1Poor Best Friday, 24 June 2011 12:45 Sri Lanka signs an MOU with the government of Bahrain for avoidance of double taxation.
Rating, 2011 12:45 Sri Lanka signs an MOU with the government of Bahrain for avoidance of double taxation.
With their gold medal performance Saturday at the Massachusetts Association for Jazz Education state finals, the Framingham High School Jazz band has been invited to perform at the Hatch Shell in Boston on Mother's Day.
The Framingham High School Jazz band has been invited to perform at the Hatch Shell.
Republican Presidential candidate Ron Paul was endorsed today by Washington State Representative Jason Overstreet.
Ron Paul was endorsed by Washington State Representative Jason Overstreet.
British expatriates living in Spain could now enjoy cheaper international phone calls thanks to a new service.
British expatriates could enjoy cheaper calls.
Oil prices rose to near $68 a barrel Monday, hitting a new high for the year as world stock markets rallied and investors banked on hopes that the global recession is easing.
Oil prices rose, hitting a new high for the year.
Citigroup Inc is weighing moving about two dozen proprietary traders to desks that trade with clients as some banks try to find new positions for star traders amid financial regulation overhaul, the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday.
Citigroup Inc is weighing moving about two dozen proprietary traders.
Toyota has said it will suspend sales of eight of its most popular US models after recalling 2.3 million cars last week over faulty accelerator pedals.
Toyota will suspend sales of eight of its US models.
The National Rifle Association is endorsing US Republican presidential nominee John McCain.
The National Rifle Association is endorsing John McCain.
A new minimally invasive sports hernia repair gets athletes back in the game 3 times faster than the traditional repair, according to a new study presented March 13 at the American Orthopaedic Society for Sports Medicine's Specialty Day in New Orleans.
A minimally invasive sports hernia repair gets athletes back in the game faster.
They are traffic counters collecting data for the Indiana Department of Transportation.
They are traffic counters collecting data.
The Browns celebrate Black History Month with a special panel on Thursday at Cleveland Browns Stadium.
The Browns celebrate Black History Month.
Skype today announced that its Skype for iPhone app now supports H.264, one of the most commonly used formats for the recording, compression, and distribution of high definition video.
Its Skype for iPhone app now supports H.264.
Hill-Stead Museum is pleased to announce that it has been awarded two grants from the Connecticut Commission on Culture \u0026 Tourism.
It has been awarded two grants.
A Philadelphia prison hopes to save money -- and the environment -- by using solar panels to provide hot water at the facility.
A Philadelphia prison hopes to save money by using solar panels.
A 33-year-old woman has been jailed for life after murdering her widowed mother in a frenzied knife attack in which she was stabbed more than 60 times.
A woman has been jailed after murdering her mother in a frenzied knife attack.
The top US military officer warned on Monday that any strike against Iran would not be ``decisive'' in countering Tehran's nuclear programme.
Any strike against Iran would not be decisive.
A nurse who was attacked by an inmate at the Contra Costa County jail in Martinez on Monday died from her injuries at a local hospital on Thursday, according to the Contra Costa County coroner's office.
A nurse who was attacked by an inmate died from her injuries.
The Navy will commission the newest guided-missile destroyer, Michael Murphy, Oct. 6, during a 10 am EDT ceremony at Pier 88 in Manhattan, NY
The Navy will commission the guided-missile destroyer, Michael Murphy.
Vanessa Paradis is playing peacekeeper between feuding French stars Gerard Depardieu and Juliette Binoche, insisting the actor admires the Oscar winner no matter what he says about her.
Vanessa Paradis is playing peacekeeper.
Ramallah - The Palestinian cabinet has postponed indefinitely municipal elections originally scheduled for July 17, a cabinet statement said Thursday.
Ramallah - The Palestinian cabinet has postponed municipal elections.
He said that young doctors should not play in the hands of political parties under the garb of their demands.
Young doctors should not play in the hands of political parties.
THQ recently released de Blob for Apple's iPhone.
THQ released de Blob for Apple's iPhone.
Indian diamond and jewelry exporters are securitizing their large receivables from abroad to raise funds at a relatively lower cost, to generate equity resources in the current tight credit market, the Economic Times reported.
Indian exporters are securitizing their receivables.
The Canadian economy is not only creating more jobs, but it is also creating better jobs, according to report from CIBC.
The Canadian economy is creating more jobs according to report.
More Turkish rebar cargoes have been blocked at Brazilian ports, under the same legal claim used to stop a 15,000-tonne cargo at Vitória port late last year.
More Turkish rebar cargoes have been blocked at Brazilian ports.
A missing Ravena man was found dead in the woods.
A Ravena man was found dead in the woods.
Chief Justice Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry on Monday said judges were required to preserve, protect and defend the constitution of Pakistan.
Judges were required to preserve, protect and defend the constitution.
UKTV is launching its first VOD service, along with adding an additional three HD channels to its portfolio.
UKTV is launching its VOD service.
A confrontation between security officials and the People's Alliance for Democracy is expected on Friday as police have been instructed not to let the protesters pass the Makkhawan bridge to the Government House.
A confrontation is expected on Friday.
Penn State climbed one spot on the final day to finish eighth at Ohio State's Lady Buckeye Spring Invitational.
Penn State climbed to finish eighth.
A water skier was airlifted to hospital following an accident off Crow Point, near Braunton on Sunday afternoon.
A water skier was airlifted to hospital.
Soap maker PZ Cussons has launched a new beauty division in order to ``maximise the potential'' of its recently acquired portfolio of products in the sector.
PZ Cussons has launched a new beauty division.
Gamecock quarterback Stephen Garcia has been suspended for at least the first week of spring practice, according to the Charleston Post \u0026 Courier.
Stephen Garcia has been suspended for the week of spring practice.
DOWNWARD pressure on peso may persist this week as investors continue to fret over the skidding global economy, but expect the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas to remain on guard even after last week's failed attempt to smoothen the currency volatility, analysts said.
Pressure on peso may persist this week analysts said.
East Bengal clinched a record 28th IFA Shield title with a 4-2 win against United Sports Club in the penalty shootout after both teams played out a goalless 120 minutes in the 116th edition of the tournament at the Yuba Bharati Krirangan on Friday.
East Bengal clinched IFA Shield title.
IAN HOLLOWAY hopes he will be able to buy play-off hero DJ Campbell using the £90million cash bonanza Blackpool will get if they make it to the Premier League.
IAN HOLLOWAY hopes he will be able to buy DJ Campbell.
Dynasty star Joan Collins is in her personal mission to revive style in Britain.
Joan Collins is in her mission to revive style in Britain.
In a statement, Brazil's treasury said the country's federal debt load rose 1.3% in February to 1.952 trillion Brazilian reais.
The country's federal debt load rose 1.3% in February to 1.952 trillion Brazilian reais.
Country Club of the North has broken ground on its residential sales center and a model home in an effort to finish the residential development around the course.
Country Club has broken ground on its sales center.
Barack Obama met privately with Hillary Rodham Clinton, a likely vice presidential candidate, as the Democratic nominee-in-waiting sought to unite his fractured party against Republican John McCain in November.
Barack Obama met privately with Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Over 160 promising oil and gas fields, 60 of which are currently being developed, have been discovered in Turkmenistan, the representatives of the national fuel and energy complex said on Friday at an investment forum in Ashgabat.
Over 160 promising oil and gas fields have been discovered in Turkmenistan.
The indigenously developed ballistic missile defence system will be test fired in August this year, a top defence official said today.
The missile defence system will be test fired in August.
Kings XI Punjab clinched a thriller by beating hosts Mumbai Indians by just one run in the Indian Premier League at the Wankhede Stadium here Wednesday.
Kings XI Punjab clinched a thriller.
The Bulls on Wednesday clinched an NBA playoff berth, defeating Charlotte 101-84 despite seeing Carlos Boozer limp out of the contest.
The Bulls clinched an NBA playoff berth.
Secret Service agents are being forced out of their positions as officials investigate the alleged hiring of prostitutes and other questionable behavior during a presidential visit to Colombia.
Secret Service agents are being forced.
File photo Rupee fell to a record low against the dollar on Monday.
Rupee fell to a record low against the dollar.
``We can beat this disease,'' Obama declared during a World AIDS Day event in Washington.
We can beat this disease, Obama declared during a World AIDS Day event.
The five Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty nuclear-weapon states, or ``P5'', pledged on Friday to continue efforts promoting dialogue and mutual confidence on nuclear issues.
The five states, or P5, pledged to continue efforts promoting dialogue and mutual confidence on nuclear issues.
A Flour Bluff man was held at gunpoint and robbed inside his home overnight.
A Flour Bluff man was held and robbed inside his home.
AHS announces 132 new acute-care beds will open at three Calgary hospitals, including the Rockyview General Hospital.
AHS announces 132 new beds will open at three Calgary hospitals.
The NPIA has been providing police training and development assistance for the Libyan police in response to a request for support from the Home Office and the FCO British Embassy in Tripoli.
The NPIA has been providing police training and development assistance for the Libyan police.
A Portland couple was shot in their home while they were sleeping early Friday morning.
A Portland couple was shot in their home.
Bharatiya Janata Party leader LK Advani Monday expressed his desire to retire from politics.
Leader Monday expressed his desire to retire from politics.
A 30-year-old man was arrested for the murder of a security guard in Vasant Kunj area last month.
A man was arrested for the murder of a security guard.
DWF - Law firm DWF is warning employers to prepare for the new Equality Bill as lack of understanding about the legislation could lead to a significant rise in discrimination cases.
DWF - Law firm DWF is warning employers to prepare for the Equality Bill.
AMC Networks, the owner and operator of several cable TV brands, revealed Friday that it will be live streaming the new season premiere episode of ``Breaking Bad.''
AMC Networks will be live streaming the episode of Breaking Bad.
PLANS for a tyre shredding plant in a village have been refused to the delight of residents.
PLANS for a tyre plant have been refused.
TEENAGE party pest Corey Delaney plans an international tour this year in his quest for stardom.
Corey Delaney plans an international tour.
Alameda Hospital may join a network of East Bay medical facilities known as the Alameda Health System, a move that proponents say is necessary for the financially troubled hospital to stay open.
Alameda Hospital may join a network of East Bay medical facilities.
Britain on Thursday said it was lifting a ban on gay men giving blood providing they have had not had homosexual intercourse within a year.
Britain was lifting a ban on gay men giving blood.
MOORA farmers will get their own specialised weather station as part of a current State Budget roll-out.
MOORA farmers will get their own weather station.
Euro is finding some support and the financial markets are finding a little bit of risk appetite, as eurozone politics take center stage.
Euro is finding some support and the financial markets are finding a bit of risk appetite.
A woman charged in a fatal DUI crash six years ago in Louisville is arrested again in Carroll County.
A woman charged in a fatal DUI crash is arrested again.
David Cameron has defended the plan to cut housing benefit saying it was not fair for working people to see their taxes used to fund homes 'they couldn't even dream of'.
David Cameron has defended the plan to cut housing benefit.
Shrewsbury Town will celebrate their promotion to League One, by way of an open-top bus parade.
Shrewsbury Town will celebrate their promotion.
On his trip through Eastern Oregon, United States Congressman Greg Walden made a stop in Burns on Saturday, July 18, to visit with Harney County residents about several issues.
Greg Walden made a stop in Burns.
In a surprising piece of news for the upcoming solo movie for the popular mutant, The Wolverine will not in fact be a prequel, director James Mangold has revealed.
The Wolverine will not be a prequel.
President-elect Barack Obama tapped New York Federal Reserve President Tim Geithner as his treasury secretary today, turning to a veteran of financial crises at home and overseas to lead the rescue of the nation's swooning economy.
Barack Obama tapped Tim Geithner as his treasury secretary.
Four players from the Bentley University women's tennis team advanced to the second day of the ITA East Regional Tournament on Friday.
Four players advanced to the second day of the ITA East Regional Tournament.
A TWO-year-old boy survived for six days on dry cat food after his mother died, according to reports from the US.
A boy survived for six days on cat food.
South Korea have dominated the doubles to earn the top two seeds for the semifinals of the World Bowling Women's C'ships.
South Korea have dominated the doubles.
The 8mm x 8mm SoC operates in the traditional 3.1 to 10.6GHz Certified Wireless USB space and, Samsung says, delivers 120Mbit/s data rates compared to the typical 50Mbits/s achieved with current solutions.
The 8mm SoC operates and delivers 120Mbit/s data rates.
Citigroup Inc. said Monday that it sold $1.3 billion in credit card assets as the bank reorganizes itself in the wake of government bailouts.
Citigroup Inc. sold $ 1.3 billion in credit card assets.
LONDON Rio Ferdinand announced on Wednesday that he was calling time on his England career to concentrate on his club duties at Manchester United.
Rio Ferdinand was calling time on his England career.
Disney has just unveiled the official poster for ``John Carter of Mars,'' now called ``John Carter,'' which is based on a classic novel by Edgar Rise Burroughs and stars Taylor Kitsch, Mark Strong, Willem Dafoe, Dominic West, James Purefoy, Bryan Cranston and Thomas Hayden Church.
Disney has unveiled the poster for John Carter of Mars.
Desert Party's odds to win the 2009 Kentucky Derby have been set at +1500 for a payout potential of $1500 on every $100 bet at SBG Global.
Desert Party's odds to win the 2009 Kentucky Derby have been set.
Fuel prices are to go down by RSD 2.6 per litre or 2.4% on average as of Sep 12, energy ministry announced.
Fuel prices are to go per litre or 2.4% on average.
Cult author Russell Hoban, who was best known for writing the science fiction novel Riddley Walker, has died aged 86, his publisher has announced.
Cult author Russell Hoban has died aged 86.
Just a mere five months after his wife, actress Brittany Murphy, died, 39-year-old British screenwriter Simon Monjack was found dead in their Hollywood Hills home.
Brittany Murphy, died, screenwriter Simon Monjack was found dead.
Social media played a minimal role in August's riots and violent disorder, representatives from Twitter, Facebook and BlackBerry-maker Research in Motion told MPs on Thursday.
Social media played a role in August's riots.
Iomega, an EMC company and a global provider of data protection, has expanded its network solutions portfolio with Iomega StorCenter Pro ix4-100.
Iomega has expanded its network solutions portfolio.
``After careful consideration, Ashlee Simpson has decided to postpone her summer tour. She is committed to giving her fans the best show possible, and will be back better than ever and ready to rock,'' said Simpson's publicist.
Ashlee Simpson has decided to postpone her tour.
Iran plans to send a live monkey into space in the summer, the country's top space official said after the launch of the Rasad-1 satellite.
Iran plans to send a live monkey into space.
Japan Airlines filed for bankruptcy protection on Tuesday and vowed to cut nearly 16,000 jobs and restructure $26 billion in debt in an effort to survive in the uncertain air transport industry.
Japan Airlines filed for bankruptcy protection.
A report by the UK's Daily Telegraph newspaper claims that Valentino Rossi will quit MotoGP at the end of 2012 -- 'if not before'.
Valentino Rossi will quit MotoGP.
Australian banks were holding a record A$7.4 billion on deposit at the central bank yesterday as financial institutions hoard cash worldwide amid concerns the US bailout plan will be delayed.
Australian banks were holding a record A $ 7.4 billion at the central bank.
Coronation Street actor Bill Roache has strenuously denied the two counts of rape allegations against him, adding he is ``deeply horrified'' at the accusations.
Bill Roache has strenuously denied the two counts of rape allegations.
International Paper Co said it will sell its Temple-Inland building products business to Georgia-Pacific LLC for $750 million in cash.
International Paper Co will sell its Temple-Inland building products business.
Alberto Contador retained the red jersey in the Vuelta a Espana after Radioshack's Daniele Bennati won stage 18 to Valladolid on Thursday.
Alberto Contador retained the red jersey in the Vuelta a Espana.
Author's Website Dallas Federal Reserve president Richard Fisher told Bloomberg Television's Michael McKee today that the one thing everyone at the Fed agrees on is that ``we don't want inflation to raise its ugly head.''
We don't want inflation to raise its ugly head.
Harwin, has invested in a new water treatment plant at its UK headquarters and manufacturing facility in Portsmouth.
Harwin, has invested in a water treatment plant.
Pop star Lady Gaga will perform her first ever concert in Russia in December, gig organisers said.
Lady Gaga will perform her concert in Russia.
Sugar-free sweeteners may make you fat, new research suggests.
Sweeteners may make you fat.
It was revealed Wednesday night that finalist Carly Smithson was eliminated from the AMERICAN IDOL competition after she received the fewest of America's over 38 million votes.
Carly Smithson was eliminated from the AMERICAN IDOL competition.
A shorthanded Holland Christian girls soccer team still played stifling defense and claimed its first district title in two seasons.
A Holland Christian girls soccer team played and claimed its district title.
PLUS Markets, the British stock exchange for small companies, has put itself up for sale after concluding it needed more financial backing to take advantage of opportunities thrown up by forthcoming regulatory and technological changes.
PLUS Markets has put itself up for sale.
Two Kansas men have pleaded guilty to a federal dog fighting charge, United States Attorney Barry Grissom said today.
Two Kansas men have pleaded guilty to a federal dog fighting charge.
Hypebot is seeking editorial interns for 2012, who will focus primarily on the intersection of music and technology.
Hypebot is seeking editorial interns.
Former Manchester United striker Ruud van Nistelrooy has announced his retirement from football at the age of 35.
Striker Ruud van Nistelrooy has announced his retirement from football.
The Ministry of Economic Development is defending aerial surveying for minerals on the South Island's West Coast.
The Ministry of Economic Development is defending aerial surveying.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has suddenly postponed a scheduled official visit to the Czech Republic, which is the current chair country of the European Union, an official said Saturday.
Mahmoud Abbas has suddenly postponed a scheduled visit to the Czech Republic.
``We're still a family,'' said Cate Edwards as she honored her mother, Elizabeth Edwards at the funeral service on Saturday.
We 're still a family, said Cate Edwards.
Sunil Gavaskar hit back at Ricky Ponting on Thursday for his ``uncalled for'' remarks that the former India captain was no angel in his hey-days, saying the Australian captain's comments were an indication that his side was ``rattled'' to find a challenger in India.
Sunil Gavaskar hit back at Ricky Ponting.
We already told you about the rumors that Hrithik Roshan is set to star in the remake of Mukul Anand's 90s movie Agneepath and now the latest buzz from B-town is that Priyanka Chopra will join him on the set!
Priyanka Chopra will join Hrithik Roshan on the set.
Kristen Stewart has revealed that she has graduated from high school after she originally dropped out to concentrate on her acting career.
Kristen Stewart has graduated from high school.
Women around the country will have a special celebration tomorrow to mark International Women's Day and the focus will be for women in rural areas to have equal access as women in urban areas.
Women will have to mark International Women's Day.
Ann Summers has overhauled its website to provide its users with exclusive web offers and services.
Ann Summers has overhauled its website.
Actress Angelina Jolie, shown at the 2012 Screen Actors Guild Awards, announced Tuesday she had undergone a double mastectomy after being told she had a defective gene that increased her chances of developing breast cancer.
Angelina Jolie had undergone a double mastectomy.
A man has been charged by police after an alleged sexual assault at Newtown railway station Thursday morning.
A man has been charged after an sexual assault at Newtown station.
Burlington Coat Factory Warehouse Corp. on Wednesday announced a cash tender offer for its senior notes and a plan to issue new notes.
Burlington Coat Factory Warehouse Corp. announced a tender offer.
New Delhi, Jan 14 With a war of words breaking out between the Congress and Samajwadi Party over seat sharing in the key state of Uttar Pradesh, Congress leader Satyavrat Chaturvedi today advised SP leader Amar Singh to take care of his health and get himself examined.
Satyavrat Chaturvedi today advised Amar Singh to take care of his health.
Washington, Jan 28 US consumer confidence continued to fall to new lows in the first month of 2009 as the world's largest economy struggles through a serious recession, a private research group said Tuesday.
Washington, US consumer confidence continued to fall.
All women are invited to a garden party luncheon from 11:30 am to 1:30 pm Saturday, Aug. 7, at Calvary Community Church, 35764 Knox Butte Road, Albany.
All women are invited to a garden party luncheon.
Cheryl Cole celebrated her 28th birthday at London's Sanderson Hotel last night.
Cheryl Cole celebrated her 28th birthday.
The King County Sheriff's Office has launched online reporting for a variety of crimes, suspicious circumstances, and traffic complaints.
The King County Sheriff's Office has launched online reporting.
Crossrail has lowered a 550 tonne tunnelling machine into a 40m shaft in the Limmo peninsula near Canning Town in preparation for the next stage of construction.
Crossrail has lowered a tunnelling machine into a shaft in the peninsula.
Michael Vick missed practice Thursday because of a leg injury and is unlikely to play Sunday when the Eagles host Dallas.
Michael Vick missed and is unlikely to play Sunday the Eagles host.
The total imports of sensitive items during April-October 2010 grew by 14.1 percent, and stood at Rs. 40,499 crore as compared to Rs. 35,487 crore during the corresponding period of last year, the commerce ministry said Monday.
The imports of sensitive items grew by 14.1 percent.
UK Syspro ERP software firm K3 says it is ``pushing the boundaries'' of marketing again, with its new 'Naked Truth' campaign.
K3 is pushing the boundaries, with its Naked Truth ' campaign.
There is an urgent need in the interest of the United States to engage Turkey with pressure in order to make progress and to settle a number of outstanding issues.
There is an need to engage Turkey with pressure.
Two time Super Bowl winning quarterback Ben Roethlisberger of the Pittsburgh Steelers has recently opened a charm school for athletes.
Ben Roethlisberger has opened a charm school.
Paula Abdul said her contract is up this season on ``American Idol,'' and that no one can ever replace her.
Paula Abdul said her contract is up this season on American Idol, and no one can replace her.
G20 meeting is starting today in Mexico, in Los Cabos.
G20 meeting is starting in Mexico.
Two Cuyahoga Falls men and one Falls woman were arrested on felony drug charges after the Falls Police SWAT team executed search warrants at two homes Friday at 7:30 am on Hudson Drive near Kathron Avenue simultaneously.
Two Cuyahoga Falls men and one Falls woman were arrested on felony drug charges.
Khloe Kardashian has said she wants to throw sister Kim a bachelorette party complete with 'penis straws' and a 'go-go dancer'.
Khloe Kardashian wants to throw sister Kim a bachelorette party.
US workers spend more than $1,000 a year on coffee and another $2,000 on lunch, with men and young workers more willing to indulge in a $5 coffee than women or older colleagues, according to a survey of Americans' workplace spending habits.
US workers spend more than $ 1,000 a year on coffee.
Germany's Siemens AG, one of the world's biggest manufacturers of wind turbines, may establish a wind tribune rotor blade production facility in Turkey provided that demand for wind energy in Turkish markets continues at its current pace, Siemens Turkey CEO Hüseyin Gelis told Today's Zaman in Çanakkale on Monday.
Germany's Siemens AG may establish a wind tribune rotor blade production facility in Turkey.
Swiss and Lufthansa have announced they are to charge customers £4.50 for using credit cards from 2 November 2011.
Swiss and Lufthansa have announced they are to charge customers £ 4.50 for using credit cards.
Prince Harry was moved to a guarded location during a recent Taliban attack on Camp Bastion, the Defence Secretary has revealed.
Prince Harry was moved during a Taliban attack.
Shanshan Feng won the LPGA Championship on Sunday to become the first Chinese player to win an LPGA Tour title and a major event, closing with a 5-under 67 for a two-stroke victory.
Shanshan Feng won the LPGA Championship.
Pizza Hut has introduced garlic bread pizza, featuring melted cheese and pizza toppings on thick, buttered garlic bread.
Pizza Hut has introduced garlic bread pizza.
Northglenn Police have thrown out a decision by animal control blaming a woman for a pit bull attack that left her with a black eye, bruised lips and gashes on her face.
Police have thrown out a decision blaming a woman for a pit bull attack.
Zamalek coach Reiner Hollmann is set to have showdown talks with club president Mamdouh Abbas once he returns from holiday.
Reiner Hollmann is set to have showdown talks.
Thus, the subsequent offering is oversubscribed by approximately 120 per cent.
The subsequent offering is oversubscribed.
The X Factor judge Keating is to star in Goddess, a romantic comedy about Elspeth Dickens, a woman who dreams of finding her ``voice'' despite being stuck in an isolated farmhouse with her twin toddlers.
The judge Keating is to star in Goddess.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who's facing sex assault charges in Sweden, has been granted diplomatic asylum in Ecuador.
Julian Assange has been granted asylum in Ecuador.
Biti had dodged the veterans for two days, but finally agreed to meet them as it became clear they were not going to give up.
Biti had dodged, but finally agreed to meet the veterans.
Although not obligated to attend, Symonds will on Thursday personally face the music for his ``lump of s...'' radio jibe at New Zealand wicketkeeper Brendon McCullum.
Symonds will face the music.
Trading conditions have improved for Garner, the international staffing firm has said in a trading update.
Trading conditions have improved for Garner.
The 76-year-old Prime Minister ``has undergone angiography'', AIIMS Medical Superintendent Dr DK Sharma said to the media.
The Prime Minister has undergone angiography.
The National Hurricane Center has upgraded Leslie to a hurricane, the sixth hurricane of the 2012 Atlantic hurricane season.
The National Hurricane Center has upgraded Leslie.
Citigroup Inc lost $1.4 billion from packaging credit card loans into bonds in the third quarter, a regulatory filing showed on Friday.
Citigroup Inc lost $ 1.4 billion.
The driver, operating a stolen vehicle, rammed multiple police cars before the chase ended just beyond the US 17 exit.
The driver rammed police cars.
The business community in Zimbabwe should develop effective marketing strategies to take advantage of the large number of tourists expected to descend on the region for the 2010 soccer World Cup to be held in South Africa, Vice President Joice Mujuru said this week.
The community should develop effective marketing strategies.
Diet product firm Medifast fattened its bottom line by more than two-thirds in the second quarter, as efforts to get its products sold in more ways paid off.
Medifast fattened its bottom line.
An heir to a sprawling country estate has spoken of the moment voices told him to quit his life as a wealthy landowner, shave his head and go to Australia on a spiritual odyssey.
Voices told to quit, shave his head and go to Australia.
In an amazing turn of events Rihanna has taken Chris Brown back just three short weeks after her boyfriend allegedly presented her with a bloody nose, a swollen lip, and facial bruising.
Rihanna has taken Chris Brown back.
``The PML-N will oppose the RGST strongly in the National Assembly and it has also decided to contact the other political parties in this regard,'' said PML-N Chief Mian Muhammad Nawaz Sharif here on Monday.
The PML-N will oppose the RGST.
May 14, 2013 Rapper Gucci Mane has pleaded not guilty to an assault charge stemming from an altercation with a fan at a downtown Atlanta nightclub.
May 14, 2013 Gucci Mane has pleaded not guilty to an assault charge.
A new Titanic museum has opened in Belfast, on the site where the historic ship was designed, built and launched.
A Titanic museum has opened in Belfast.
The judges of the Constitutional Court, who are involved in a long-running feud with Western Cape Judge President John Hlophe, believe he should face the music and be cross-examined on his actions.
John Hlophe should face the music.
Ford, 67, and Flockhart, 45, tied the knot at the hilltop mansion of New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson, who also presided over the ceremony.
Ford and Flockhart tied the knot.
The US Chemical Safety Board today released its 2012-2016 strategic plan.
The US Chemical Safety Board today released its strategic plan.
Dothan police are looking for a 37-year-old man wanted on a felony theft charge.
Dothan police are looking for a man wanted on a felony theft charge.
By JOSEPH TULIP A SOUTH Tyneside holidaymaker has told of her cruise nightmare after the ship lost power in the Baltic.
By holidaymaker has told of her cruise nightmare.
Germany on Monday demanded an end to the violence in Syria, saying that the regime there was doing 'everything it can to undermine its own legitimacy.
Germany demanded an end to the violence in Syria.
The Arena Football League realigned its divisions Monday, placing the two-time Eastern Division champion Dallas Desperados in the Southern Division.
The Arena Football League realigned its divisions.
Movie Gallery announced it will close about 160 more underperforming Hollywood Video and Movie Gallery stores.
Movie Gallery will close about 160 more underperforming stores.
Liberty Media Corp. shareholders will vote at the company's June 8 annual meeting on a reverse stock split proposed for two of the company's tracking stocks
Liberty Media Corp. shareholders will vote meeting on a reverse stock split.
GILLETTE, Wyo. Coal industry officials are confidant that a coal ash spill similar to one in Tennessee won't happen in Wyoming.
A coal ash spill won't happen in Wyoming.
TRANSFIELD Services has slashed its interim dividend by more than 70 per cent after booking a 25 per cent profit drop.
TRANSFIELD Services has slashed its dividend.
The Navy confirms a fire broke out on board the USS George Washington on Thursday, May 22.
A fire broke out on the USS George Washington.
GELSENKIRCHEN, Germany -Germany goalkeeper Manuel Neuer is leaving Schalke to join Bundesliga rival Bayern Munich.
Manuel Neuer is leaving Schalke to join Bayern Munich.
Faster business broadband is coming to a North Yorkshire community thanks to a partnership between the public and private sectors.
Faster business broadband is coming to a North Yorkshire community.
Four civilians were killed and 13 others were injured on Monday when a bomb went off in Kamaliya district near Obaidi neighborhood, eastern Iraq.
Four civilians were killed and 13 others were injured, eastern Iraq.
Chandigarh, July 24 A married woman in Chandigarh has alleged she was gangraped by her ex-boyfriend and his accomplices for over one and a half months after they abducted her in May, police said Sunday.
Chandigarh, has alleged A woman was gangraped.
A leading French economist said on Thursday he did not see a second wave of global financial crisis and the current corporate bankruptcies could finish by the end of this year.
A French economist said he did not see a second wave of global financial crisis could finish.
Avectra, the leading provider of web based association management software and social community software, and CommPartners, a leader in providing online education and knowledge centers to associations, today announced a new partnership to offer social learning communities to associations.
Avectra and CommPartners today announced a new partnership.
retailers that HTC's latest and greatest, the Desire HD and Desire Z, have both been delayed.
HTC, the Desire HD and Desire Z, have been delayed.
The Agriculture Department says meat giant Cargill is recalling 36 million pounds of ground turkey linked to a death in California and at least 76 other salmonella illnesses.
Cargill is recalling 36 million pounds of ground turkey.
Al Gore, the green prophet of man-made apocalypse, has been caught making stuff up again to scare children and unthinking liberals.
Al Gore has been caught making stuff up again.
Haley Reinhart, last year's third-place finisher, returns to American Idol to sing her new single, Free, out this week.
Haley Reinhart returns to American Idol.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is absolutely right.
Harry Reid is right.
Wachovia Securities will consolidate Boise brokerage offices in US Bank Plaza, 101 S. Capitol Blvd. downtown.
Wachovia Securities will consolidate in US Bank Plaza.
The Government has submitted to the People's Majlis a bill on business tax to be introduced soon.
The Government has submitted a bill on business tax.
A wayward California sea lion named Fruitvale and five of his companions were released back into the ocean late Saturday morning just off the Farallon Islands.
A wayward sea lion were released back into the ocean.
Porsche India has announced that they would soon launch their own pre-owned car program.
Porsche India would launch their pre-owned car program.
Wynn Resorts Ltd. said Sunday that it forcibly bought back all the shares controlled by its biggest stakeholder and asked the Japanese tycoon to resign from the board after finding he made improper payments to overseas gambling regulators.
Wynn Resorts Ltd. forcibly bought the shares controlled by its biggest stakeholder.
A number of Allegany County roads will be paved this spring and summer as a result of some left over state disparity grant monies in this year's budget.
A number of Allegany County roads will be paved.
Davis police tracked down and arrested a bank robber within hours of his alleged crime, police said Thursday.
Davis police tracked and arrested a bank robber.
CINCINNATI - Paul ``Duke'' Hogue, a star center for two University of Cincinnati national champion basketball teams, has died at age 69.
Paul ``Duke'' Hogue, a star center, has died.
This month, love is in the air and to ensure that you catch some of it, WB presents a series of romantic and quirky love stories with ``Love At The Movies''.
Love is and, WB presents with Love At The Movies.
The zloty weakened after a report that Zyta Gilowska, a Polish central banker who backed monetary tightening at least twice in 2012, was in hospital.
The zloty weakened after a report Zyta Gilowska, a Polish central banker, was in hospital.
A state inmate yesterday lost a federal suit against a prison guard whom he had accused of sexually assaulting and threatening him in 2002.
A inmate yesterday lost a federal suit against a prison guard.
After announcing they planned to record a new album to negative response, Thin Lizzy have become Black Star Riders.
Thin Lizzy have become Black Star Riders.
Credit Suisse said on Monday it has raised ICICI Bank to ``outperform'' from ``neutral'', and raised the 12-month target price to 1,079 rupees from 826 rupees.
Credit Suisse has raised ICICI Bank to outperform.
Northern Rock has announced that it is launching a range of new online ISAs to complement its competitive portfolio of branch, postal and online savings accounts.
Northern Rock is launching a range of new online ISAs.
Steve Smith, 46, was executed by lethal injection for the September 1998 killing of his live-in girlfriend's daughter, Autumn Carter, in Mansfield in northern Ohio.
Steve Smith was executed for the killing in Ohio.
Vanco may also outsource customer-support to India post its buyout by RCom.
Vanco may outsource to India post its buyout.
Jason Collins, the former Celtics center who this spring became the first active player in major pro sports to announce that he is gay, will throw out the first pitch before Thursday's game at Fenway Park between the Red Sox and Rangers.
Jason Collins will throw out the first pitch before Thursday's game at Fenway Park.
The Karachi police in their drive against criminals, arrested 23 accused from various areas of the city during the past 24 hours.
The police, arrested 23 accused from various areas of the city.
An electricity tower of main transmission line was blown up in Hub industrial town of Balochistan on Wednesday, suspending power supply to the adjacent areas.
An electricity tower was blown up in Hub town.
The Heart Gallery now on display in the Health Center's Keller Lobby is a photo art exhibit featuring children and youth in state care who need an adoptive family.
The Heart Gallery is a photo exhibit featuring children who need an adoptive family.
Killing of Ganges river dolphins in Bihar by suspected poachers has upset Environment and Forests Minister Jairam Ramesh, who has directed the state government to take adequate measures to protect the endangered species.
Killing of dolphins has upset Environment and Jairam Ramesh.
Pavelka, 34, and Chenoweth, 44, were apparently very affectionate on their dinner date Tuesday evening, holding hands and ``nuzzling'' a source said.
Pavelka and Chenoweth were on their date, a source said.
No serious injuries were reported when a MARTA bus overturned Tuesday morning on a DeKalb County interstate ramp.
A MARTA bus overturned on a interstate ramp.
Researchers at the University of Gothenburg are working to develop substances that can prevent parasites, bacteria and fungi from producing essential proteins, research that could, in the long term, lead to new drugs for several major diseases.
Research that could lead to new drugs for major diseases.
DineEquity Inc. will sell 56 company-operated Applebee's restaurants in three states, part of a strategy to make the chain into franchises rather than company-owned.
DineEquity Inc. will sell 56 Applebee's restaurants.
European Union leaders on Thursday offered Greece moral support but no money to help it weather a debt crisis -- vague assurances that didn't calm the market fear that has shaken the EU and undermined the shared euro currency.
European Union leaders offered Greece support but no money.
More exactly, Mobile Syrup has it that Rogers will launch the N97 mini ``in the first or second week of May''.
Rogers will launch the N97 mini in the week of May.
A Chief Inspector and his servant were killed in a road mishap in Gotakawela yesterday afternoon.
A Chief Inspector and his servant were killed in a road mishap.
Bakcell, the first mobile operator and the leading mobile internet provider of Azerbaijan is pleased to announce the launch of an exclusive campaign, the company's press release says on Wednesday.
Bakcell, is pleased to announce the launch of an exclusive campaign.
England rugby star Lesley Vainikolo was charged today with causing grievous bodily harm following an early morning street brawl.
England rugby star Lesley Vainikolo was charged with causing following an street brawl.
Legendary vocalist Pandit Bhimsen Joshi, who enthralled generations of connoisseurs with his renditions of Hindustani classical music, passed away at a city hospital on Monday after a prolonged illness.
Pandit Bhimsen Joshi passed away.
Pakistani position-holder students, who are visiting Europe on the instructions of Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif, have reached Scotland where they visited University of Glasgow and University of Strathclyde.
Pakistani students have reached Scotland.
Topeka police are investigating a home invasion that happened in the 2800 block of SW Villa West Dr.
Topeka police are investigating a home invasion.
The Pittsburgh Pirates say they'll begin using metal detector wands to search fans as part of an overall effort to beef up security at PNC Park.
The Pittsburgh Pirates 'll begin using wands to search fans.
The Lonely Forest made their national television debut last night on Jimmy Kimmel Live! performing two songs off their applauded new album Arrows.
The Lonely Forest made their national television debut.
Senior BJP leader Jaswant Singh, along with a delegation of Gorkha Janmukti Morcha, called on BJP parliamentary party leader LK Advani on Monday to apprise him of the damage caused by cyclone Aila in the Darjeeling hills.
Jaswant Singh called on LK Advani.
River Valley Metro is updating its fleet with nine state-of-the-art Optima buses that seat 31 passengers.
River Valley Metro is updating its fleet.
Amphibious boat designer and maker Sealegs has slashed its revenue forecast by between 17 per cent and 39 per cent in the face of slumping orders and says it will need more capital to fund future cash flow requirements.
Sealegs has slashed its revenue forecast.
US President Barack Obama will lunch with business leaders at the White House on Tuesday to discuss the economy and share ideas on job creation.
Barack Obama will lunch with business leaders at the White House.
The United States struck twice late in the second half to beat France 3-1 and book a place in the Women's World Cup final against Japan, who beat Sweden by the same scoreline.
The United States struck to beat France 3 and book a place in the Women's World Cup final.
Authorities in Ohio used strawberry shortcake as bait to capture a roaming black bear in a busy suburb near Youngstown.
Authorities used strawberry shortcake as bait to capture a black bear.
Philip Treacy loves how Lady Gaga allows him to be ''really creative'' with his hats, and finds her really ''fun'' to work with.
Lady Gaga allows Philip Treacy to be creative.
A 29-year-old Boulder man has been sentenced to 16 months in federal prison for making threats against the president last year.
A Boulder man has been sentenced for making threats against the president.
Maruti Suzuki has launched a new ad campaign for its largest selling sedan DZire.
Maruti Suzuki has launched a new campaign for its DZire.
Our government is spending taxpayers' money indiscriminately on military abroad and giving away financial aid when our own country is already trillions of dollars in deficit and millions of our citizens are living in poverty, are hungry and don't have health care.
Our government is spending taxpayers ' money indiscriminately.
As reported by Practical Technology yesterday, Citrix has announced that it will be giving away XenServer for free.
Citrix will be giving away XenServer.
Royal Mail has reported agreed to sell off its 20 per cent stake in Lottery operator Camelot.
Royal Mail has reported agreed to sell off its stake in Camelot.
Turkey expects its relations with Israel, which strained due to the Gaza operations, will return to its normal course shortly as Ankara continues to play an active role in the Middle East.
Turkey expects its relations with Israel will return to its normal course shortly.
An Albion baby beaten allegedly by the mother's boyfriend has been downgraded from serious to critical condition.
An Albion baby has been downgraded to critical condition.
Curt Schilling, who won more than 200 games in 20 years in the major leagues, said Monday he has officially retired from baseball.
Curt Schilling has officially retired.
09:11 PM,Nov 11,2011 Ahmedabad, Nov 11 Amidst the prevalent anti- corruption mood in the country, former President Dr APJ Abdul Kalam today said that children could be the ambassadors to correct corruption.
Children could be the ambassadors to correct corruption.
China would raise gasoline and diesel prices by 600 yuan per tonne, as of 12:00 am Tuesday, the National Development and Reform Commission announced Monday.
China would raise gasoline and diesel prices.
How would you like to make your team more creative, productive, committed, and collegial?
How would you like to make your team more creative.
A 9-year-old child was injured in a vehicle accident in southwest Houston Wednesday afternoon.
A child was injured in a vehicle accident.
Two men face robbery and burglary charges following a home invasion in north Springfield early today, Springfield police say.
Two men face robbery and burglary charges, Springfield police say.
by Chris Tilly Former Oasis frontman Liam Gallagher wants Johnny Depp to star in the Beatles biopic he is currently developing.
Liam Gallagher wants Johnny Depp to star in the Beatles biopic.
``For the day the level 4,965/16,700 and 5,060/17,025 may act as a major support and resistance for the market. Sustenance of the market above the level 5,060/17,025 in the second half will lift the market to 5,110/17,170 by the end of the day. Failure to hold above the level 4,965/16,700 may invite steep weakness in the near term. Our advice is,`design trading strategy as per given levels for the day,`` Shrikant Chouhan, technical analyst, Kotak Securities opining on the trends of equity market said.
The level 4,965/16,700 may act as a major support. will lift.
He won't rule anything out right now, but he said Wednesday that he was not so keen on broadcasting, coaching or union leadership.
He was not keen on broadcasting, coaching.
The office of Governor Andrew Cuomo has announced that Hugh Carey, former New York governor, has died today.
Hugh Carey, governor, has died.
A 741-foot oil tanker heading from San Francisco Bay into the open ocean lost power Tuesday night near the Golden Gate Bridge, causing tug boats and Coast Guard officials to scramble as it drifted and reviving memories of the Cosco Busan oil spill a little more than a year ago.
A oil tanker lost power near the Golden Gate Bridge.
One Canadian soldier was killed and two others injured after the light armoured vehicle they were travelling in hit a roadside bomb in southern Afghanistan Wednesday.
One Canadian soldier was killed hit in Afghanistan.
Michigan State coach Mark Dantonio was released today from the hospital where he was receiving treatment for a heart attack suffered after Saturday's overtime victory over Notre Dame, the school's sports information department confirmed.
Michigan State coach Mark Dantonio was released from the hospital he was receiving for a heart attack.
American Levi Leipheimer won the Tour of Switzerland by just four seconds on Sunday after getting the better of overnight leader Damiano Cunego in the final stage time trial.
Levi Leipheimer won the Tour of Switzerland after getting in the time trial.
Egypt on Thursday forcibly deported four Chechen students to Russia, where rights group Amnesty International says they risk being tortured, but delayed the deportation of a key warlord's son.
Egypt deported four Chechen students to Russia.
India-focused Essar Energy subsidiary Essar Oil Ltd has agreed a new debt facility for its Vadinar refinery in Gujarat.
Essar Oil Ltd has agreed a debt facility for its Vadinar refinery.
The Quiznos sandwich shop that was at 7650 27th Street, Suite 110, has closed after just two years.
The Quiznos sandwich shop has closed.
November 15-19 is Harry Potter week on ReelzChannel in honor of the upcoming release of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 on Friday, November 19.
November 15-19 is Harry Potter week on ReelzChannel.
Asia is clearly capable of hosting one of women's golf's major championships in the future, according to new LPGA commissioner Michael Whan.
Asia is capable of hosting one of women's golf's major championships.
Chinese state media on Thursday warned Japan of rising anger over its detention of a trawler captain, suggesting the latest territorial squabble between Asia's two top economies could intensify.
Chinese media warned Japan of anger over its detention.
Konami has revealed in their latest financial report that they will spend between now and March next year focusing their energy on music games.
Konami will spend focusing on music games.
Celebrity Big Brother Line Up is Revealed here after information from Channel 4 was leaked, and it seems it could be the best Celebrity Big Brother Line Up ever!
Celebrity Big Brother Line Up is Revealed here.
Two bandits were killed in a gunfight with Rab in Sundarbans in Sharankhola Upazila here on Saturday.
Two bandits were killed in a gunfight with Rab in Sundarbans.
The Reserve Bank may wait for a few weeks before raising policy rates to contain inflation in view of tight liquidity in the system as well as global economic uncertainty, said a Citigroup report.
The Reserve Bank may wait for a few weeks before raising rates.
The woman gave birth on the passenger seat of her vehicle about 2:30 am Friday on Interstate 43 at the Port Washington Road exit.
The woman gave birth on Interstate 43.
Love and meditation can help people especially women beat stress at workplace and be at peace, experts at the World Parliament on Spirituality said.
Love and meditation can help women beat stress.
The president of Guinea-Bissau was assassinated Monday, a day after a powerful explosion killed the head of the west African country's military, the prime minister said.
The president of Guinea-Bissau was assassinated.
From today onwards, Verizon Wireless will offer the Palm Pre Plus and Palm Pixi Plus handsets with in-built 3G Mobile Hotspots as also Nationwide Talk or Nationwide Talk and Text plans across the US
Verizon Wireless will offer the Palm Pre Plus and Palm Pixi Plus handsets.
Vandals damaged the Fallen Heroes Memorial Plaza in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho, this week, burning one of three basalt columns erected to represent the World Trade Center on the eve of a ceremony to remember the sacrifices of Sept. 11.
Vandals damaged the Fallen Heroes Memorial Plaza.
The Lawrence County coroner, 33 year old Micah Coffey died suddenly at his home Tuesday morning.
The Lawrence County coroner, Micah Coffey died suddenly.
Heavy fighting between Al-shabab fighters and Ahlu Sunna Waljama has broken out in central Somalia on Sunday, just as both rivals claimed victories of the fighting.
Heavy fighting has broken out in central Somalia, both rivals claimed victories.
A 61-year-old Richmond woman has been charged with killing her husband of more than 40 years.
A Richmond woman has been charged with killing her husband of more than 40 years.
SAP is buying cloud-based e-commerce vendor Ariba for US$4.3 billion, the companies announced Tuesday.
SAP is buying e-commerce vendor Ariba for $ 4.3 billion.
A Guernsey police officer has been dismissed from the force after he was found to have breached the police discipline code.
A Guernsey police officer has been dismissed.
Ciara is being sued by a gay bar, and she was served with the papers during her show Saturday night.
Ciara is being sued by a gay bar.
A Brazilian student has won nearly £15,000 in compensation after she was expelled from university for wearing a minidress deemed too short.
A Brazilian student has won nearly £ in compensation after she was expelled for wearing a minidress.
If you're looking for a job, a local call center is looking for new hires.
A local call center is looking for new hires.
The late Rep. John Murtha will be buried next week in the heart of the Pennsylvania district he represented for 3 1/2 decades.
The John Murtha will be buried in the heart of the Pennsylvania district he represented.
The Seattle Seahawks released former MVP Shaun Alexander, just 26 months after he signed a $62 million contract as the franchise's cornerstone.
The Seattle Seahawks released former MVP Shaun Alexander.
Governor David A. Paterson today kicked off a statewide workforce development initiative by directing Empire State Development Chairman and CEO Dennis M. Mullen and Department of Labor Commissioner M. Patricia Smith to work with businesses across New York on how they can take advantage of New York's business development programs.
David A. Paterson today kicked off a statewide workforce development initiative.
Jhootha Hi Sahi is just around the corner for release and news surfaces, that the lead actor John Abraham has been sentenced to 15 days imprisonment.
The actor John Abraham has been sentenced to 15 days imprisonment.
Anne McIntosh, the chair of the Environment Select Committee has stated that the horsemeat scandal is a 'European problem'.
The horsemeat scandal is a European problem.
A 28-year-old woman is in critical condition after she was stabbed at a Corpus Christi night club Sunday.
A woman is in critical condition after she was stabbed at a night club.
Russell Brand will host the MTV Video Music Awards again this year making him the first man in history to host two consecutive events.
Russell Brand will host the MTV Video Music Awards.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said messages he got from a British agency included speculation he was framed by Swedish officials seeking his extradition.
Julian Assange said messages included speculation he was framed.
Flag-carrier Philippine Airlines signed a $7 billion deal on Tuesday to buy 54 Airbus jets as part of an ambitious plan to overhaul its fleet to meet higher demands of transporting passengers and cargo in Asia, the Middle East and Australia, airline officials said.
Philippine Airlines signed to buy 54 Airbus jets.
Manute Bol, the dominant shot blocker from Sudan who played in the NBA for 10 seasons, died on Saturday at the age of 47.
Manute Bol died at the age of 47.
A Baton Rouge woman accused of shooting a man in February, stealing his bike, riding a few blocks and then fatally shooting another man has been indicted on murder and attempted murder charges.
A Baton Rouge woman accused has been indicted on murder and attempted murder charges.
A Fairfield business that rented and sold party equipment such as arcade games and pinball machines burned to the ground overnight.
A Fairfield business burned to the ground.
When the US Open tennis 2009 tennis results of the women's finals were done, it was Clijsters defending her 2005 US Open title.
The US Open tennis 2009 results were done, it was Clijsters defending her 2005 US Open title.
The malt industry and distilleries have slowed down barley procurement from the mandis, as the raw material is expected to be adequately available round the year, since multinational trading firms, including Cargill and Glencore, have chosen not to procure this season.
The malt industry have slowed down barley procurement.
New Orleans Saints assistant coach Joe Vitt has denied telling former Saints defensive end Anthony Hargrove to lie about the team's bounty program.
Joe Vitt has denied telling Saints Anthony Hargrove to lie about the team's bounty program.
A Lexington native soldier killed in Afghanistan earlier this month was laid to rest Tuesday.
A Lexington native soldier killed in Afghanistan was laid to rest.
A South San Francisco man who prosecutors say used hot sauce, a belt and cold showers to discipline his two young daughters has been convicted of felony child abuse, an official said.
A South San Francisco man, has been convicted of child abuse.
Women now hold 34 percent of senior management positions in China, a number that has risen steadily from the 31 percent and 32 percent reported for 2009 and 2007, respectively, according to a survey released by Grant Thornton on March 7.
Women hold 34 percent of senior management positions in China.
The misdemeanor charges that were filed against actors Josh Brolin and Jeffrey Wright and five of their crew members have officially been dropped on Tuesday, as the New York Daily News reports.
The charges that were filed against Josh Brolin and Jeffrey Wright have been dropped.
A 53-year-old Ashburn woman pleaded guilty in federal court April 14 to embezzling about $231,000 from her former employer.
A Ashburn woman pleaded guilty to embezzling from her former employer.
Japan's Defence Ministry says it scrambled a fighter jet as two Chinese spy planes approached Japanese airspace near disputed East China Sea islands.
It scrambled a fighter jet as two Chinese spy planes approached airspace near disputed islands.
Department store Liberty saw EBITDA losses widen to £3.6m for the year to December 31 2007 because of increased investment in its Liberty of London own brand venture.
Liberty saw losses widen.
Winter weather has arrived on the Central Coast, bringing rain to the coast and Salinas Valley and snow in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Winter weather has arrived on the Central Coast.
Israel has filed a complaint with the UN over recent rocket attacks from the Gaza Strip and said it may exercise its right to self-defense, an official statement issued by the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs on Sunday said.
Israel has filed a complaint with the UN over rocket attacks from the Gaza Strip, said.
The Food and Drug Administration says it has approved the new flu vaccine for the season beginning this year.
The Food and Drug Administration has approved the new flu vaccine.
CHRISTMAS came early to one family this year when good Samaritans saved their puppy after a car accident.
Good Samaritans saved their puppy.
A survey on cell phone usage across the United States has revealed that women, African Americans and Southerners are the people who talk and text the most.
Women, African Americans and Southerners are the people who talk and text the most.
A car ran under the back of a school bus this morning in northwest suburban Mount Prospect, but no one was injured, police said.
A car ran under the back of a school bus in Mount Prospect.
Tori Spelling and her husband Dean McDermott have introduced the world to their new son Finn Davey McDermott.
Tori Spelling have introduced to their new son Finn Davey McDermott.
It's been a tradition in the Kardashian family that girls are given a name that begins with the letter 'K.' As OK! exclusively revealed today, Kourtney is having a baby girl!
Kourtney is having a girl.
Maryland State Police is investigating a broken window at Bank of America in Lusby.
Maryland State Police is investigating a broken window at Bank of America.
A new salary scale for public servants will be finalised by Tuesday, Public Service and Administration Minister Richard Baloyi said on Monday.
A salary scale will be finalised.
Actress Katie Holmes has apologised to her ex-husband Tom Cruise for humiliating him publicly by secretly filing for divorce.
Katie Holmes has apologised to her Tom Cruise.
The first ID cards for foreign nationals are to be issued by the Home Office, from today.
The first ID cards are to be issued.
Paint company Wattyl Ltd has appointed Tony Dragicevich as its new managing director, effective from October 19.
Wattyl Ltd has appointed as its new managing director.
Spanish broadcaster Antena 3 is launching Nitro, a nationwide digital terrestrial free-to-air TV channel whose programming backbone will be dramas and movies from the US majors.
Antena 3 is launching Nitro.
The Australian Dollar recovered on Tuesday after an early setback.
The Australian Dollar recovered after an early setback.
Cadel Evans won the Tour de France on Sunday, becoming the first Australian to capture cycling's most prestigious title.
Cadel Evans won the Tour de France.
It seems that 2012 is lining up to be the year of the animated movie, as there are over ten animated movies already set to be released.
2012 is lining up to be the year of the animated movie.
While critiquing Didi Benami's performance on Tuesday's show, Cowell took a not-so-subtle jab at ``Dancing With the Stars'' -- a competitor that runs over on ABC at the exact same time.
Cowell took a jab at Dancing With the Stars.
European Central Bank President Jean- Claude Trichet said he's ``confident'' that Ireland will be able to cope with this ``difficult period.''
Jean - Claude Trichet's confident Ireland will be able to cope with this difficult period.
Memorial services have been set for a Washington teen that drowned early Wednesday morning.
Memorial services have been set for a Washington teen.
Bath City suffered their first away defeat of the season against a lively Hampton and Richmond side, who, on this performance, looked good candidates to again achieve at least the play-off position they managed last season.
Bath City suffered their defeat.
Singer-actress Jennifer Hudson has unveiled her clothing line for a home shopping network and says she hopes it will appeal to women of all sizes and ages.
Jennifer Hudson has unveiled her clothing line.
New Delhi, July 21 Women terrorists are being trained in Pakistan and Pakistan-administered Kashmir for anti-India activities, parliament was told Tuesday.
Women terrorists are being trained in Pakistan.
Cuban Revolution leader Fidel Castro sent Rafael Correa a message congratulating him for his re-election as Ecuadorian President.
Fidel Castro sent Rafael Correa a message congratulating him.
Mount Marty College accounting students are offering free income tax preparation for low-income individuals.
Accounting students are offering free tax preparation.
PUPILS from Ormiston Bushfield Academy put their business skills to the test when they pitched marketing ideas for a healthy lifestyle campaign to Sir Keith Pearson, chair of the NHS Confederation.
PUPILS put their skills to the test.
A Clinton family is suing the school board after their child's arrest for allegedly bringing a homemade stun gun to school.
A family is suing after their child's arrest for bringing a homemade stun gun.
2008-12-08 09:55:41 - Gilead Foundation funds nationally-known writer, activist, filmmaker to move HIV program statewide in Pennsylvania.
Writer, activist, filmmaker to move HIV program statewide.
Wayne County Commissioners voted 13-2 this morning to censure the county executive, but didn't name Robert Ficano in the resolution, and avoided another measure that called for him to step down.
Wayne County Commissioners voted to censure, but didn't name Robert Ficano.
Consumer sentiment fell for the sixth consecutive month in July as concerns over rising costs led to caution among households.
Consumer sentiment fell for the sixth consecutive month.
President Barack Obama provided some solid competition for ``American Idol'' in the prime-time ratings.ABC's ``Neighborhood Ball,'' with Inauguration Night performances from will.i.am and Stevie Wonder, was seen by 12.6 million people, according to Nielsen Media Research.It competed directly against ``American Idol'' on Fox.
Barack Obama provided some competition for American Idol was seen.
Alex Reid knows ``nothing'' about his wedding to Katie Price, sources close to the couple claim.
Alex Reid knows nothing about his wedding.
The Big Ten baseball tournament will remain in Columbus through at least 2012, the Big Ten and Greater Columbus Sports Commission announced yesterday.
The Big Ten baseball tournament will remain in Columbus.
Two more Victorians have been diagnosed with swine flu forcing the closure of a third school and bringing the state's total number of cases to 13.
Two more Victorians have been diagnosed with swine flu forcing.
The first shipping investment fund is to be launched today by Marine Capital, which will give funds and wealthy private investors the chance to profit from soaring demand for bulk carriers and container vessels.
The first shipping fund is to be launched.
French skipper Pascal Bidegorry and his Banque Populaire V crew have broken the North Atlantic crossing record between New York and Lizard Point on the British mainland.
Pascal Bidegorry have broken the North Atlantic record.
WASHINGTON Cable television pioneer John Malone will pay a $1.4 million penalty, after authorities said on Tuesday that he did not follow government rules on reporting major stock purchases over a three-year period.
Cable pioneer John Malone will pay a $ 1.4 million penalty.
Lucknow A tiger has strayed from the Pilibhit forest and reached near Puranpur town, more than eight kilometres away.
A tiger has strayed and reached near town.
Washington State University President Elson S. Floyd on Wednesday released his approved plan to close the $20 million annual budget gap facing the school due to state funding cuts.
Elson S. Floyd released his plan to close the $ 20 million budget gap.
By BECKY BOHRER Associated Press An Alaska state senator is proposing a bounty on sea otters, the cute little marine mammals often seen by tourists swimming on their backs between cruise ships, sometimes munching on a fresh crab or clams.
Alaska state senator is proposing a bounty on sea otters.
An intoxicated woman drove through a fence and onto a small airport runway in Tampa, causing more than $12,000 in damages.
An intoxicated woman drove and onto a airport runway.
Gilad Sharon, son of former Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, joined the Kadima party and plans on running for a place in the next elections for the Knesset, it was announced on Thursday.
Gilad Sharon joined the Kadima party.
Skyfire has launched its mobile web broswer for the iPhone on Apple's App Store.
Skyfire has launched for the iPhone.
Singapore Airlines said Tuesday it returned to profit in the three months to the end of December following losses in the two preceding quarters.
Singapore Airlines returned to profit.
An anonymous donor has given $2.5 million to fund the renovation of John Brown University's Engineering Building, which university President Chip Pollard said will become ``a cutting-edge art facility'' for its Department of Visual Arts.
An donor has given $ 2.5 million.
The first double hand transplant in the country was completed last week in Pittsburgh.
The double hand transplant was completed in Pittsburgh.
Tom Cruise is most likely to play the lead in At the Mountains of Madness, producer James Cameron told MTV News.
Tom Cruise is likely to play the lead in At the Mountains of Madness.
Two top Taiwanese shipping firms have swung to losses for 2011 while the third largest shipping firm in the country, Wan Hai Lines, managed to stay in the black during the year.
Two Taiwanese shipping firms have swung to losses.
Jenson Button admits he is suffering from ``exhaust envy'' as McLaren face an end to their recent domination of F1.
Jenson Button admits he is suffering from exhaust envy.
James Corden and Rob Brydon have paid tribute to veteran Welsh actress Margaret John, who died on Wednesday morning aged 84.
James Corden have paid tribute to Margaret John.
Czech customs officers and state environment inspectors have been awarded in Geneva for their fight against parrot trafficking, namely for their assistance in uncovering an international gang that traded in rare bird species across the EU, Ivana Awwadova has told the media.
Czech officers have been awarded in Geneva for their fight against parrot trafficking.
Illegal immigration to the US has slowed sharply since 2007, with the bleak US job market apparently discouraging people from heading north.
Illegal immigration to the US has slowed sharply.
Hundreds of people are feared dead after a major earthquake measuring 7.8 on the Richter scale hit Iran this morning.
Hundreds are feared dead after a major earthquake hit Iran.
Federal Treasurer Wayne Swan says even though the Australian economy has outperformed every advanced economy during the global recession, now is not the time for a 'victory lap'.
Wayne Swan says, now is not the time for a victory lap.
Thiago Silva talks to Tatame.com about a sample from UFC 125 that has come back with a positive result for a banned substance: ``Looks like did two tests, one was positive and the other negative.
Thiago Silva talks : Looks did two tests, one was positive.
For fifteen years, the owners of an Eastlake company have trained students from local schools, giving them something everyone needs: the skills it takes to get a job.
The owners of an Eastlake company have trained students from local schools, giving them something : the skills it takes to get a job.
Houston Police Chief Harold Hurtt says he gives himself an A-minus job rating after six years as the top cop in Texas's largest city.
Harold Hurtt gives himself an job rating.
European shares were little changed on Friday, with robust gains for defensives such as pharma and telecom offset by slides in cyclical stocks, notably mining and energy.
European shares were little changed.
All US veterans and active-duty military with proof of current or former military service will eat free at all Applebee's nationwide.
All veterans and military will eat free at all Applebee.
Questerre Energy Corporation has entered into a letter of intent to develop oil shale in North America.
Questerre Energy Corporation has entered to develop oil shale in North America.
A package bomb sent to a woman on Wednesday exploded inside her house in the Philippine city of Taguig killing her instantly, reports said on Wednesday.
A package bomb exploded in the Philippine city.
AP Sports Writer PJ Hairston scored a career-high 29 points in his second straight start to help North Carolina beat Virginia 93-81 on Saturday.
North Carolina beat Virginia 93 81.
Charlie Crist announced that he will run for the US Senate as an independent candidate, in front of a spirited crowd at Straub Park near his hometown in Downtown St. Petersburg this afternoon.
Charlie Crist will run as an independent candidate.
Roseanne Barr and her neighbors in Hawaii have agreed mediation after Barr wanted a temporary restraining order against the neighbors.
Roseanne Barr and her neighbors have agreed mediation after Barr wanted.
Online retail sales, which have regularly boasted double-digit growth, fell 3 percent during the 2008 holiday shopping season and likely 4 percent in the fourth quarter, according to comScore Inc., as the short post-Thanksgiving shopping period and consumer cutbacks hit spending.
Online sales fell 3 percent during the 2008 holiday season.
Prince Philip, the husband of Queen Elizabeth II, is spending his 91st birthday on Sunday at home with his family, a day after he was discharged from hospital with a bladder infection.
Philip, the husband, is spending his 91st birthday at home.
Katy Perry is shocked that her husband, comedian Russell Brand, has been deported from Japan.
Her husband has been deported from Japan.
Ozark council members approved a $23 million budget that includes step increases for workers and multiple capital purchases.
Ozark council members approved a $ 23 million budget.
Wholesale inventories fell in June for the tenth consecutive month, the Commerce Department said Tuesday.
Wholesale inventories fell for the tenth month.
You write interesting articles and submit them to article directories for webmasters unfortunately, austin collie colts jerseys are big business.
You write articles and submit to article directories.
An eight-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Sydney's south-west.
An girl is in hospital after being hit by a car.
Nigel Farage explains why he is standing down as UKIP leader, as he prepares to take on Speaker John Bercow in his Buckingham constituency.
Nigel Farage is standing down as UKIP leader.
A New York-based cargo airline may move its corporate headquarters and 105 jobs to Orlando, according to documents filed recently with the city and with Orange County.
A cargo airline may move its headquarters to Orlando.
A teenager has been stabbed with a syringe at a casino in Newcastle city centre, police said.
A teenager has been stabbed with a syringe.
The best reason to see rocker-actress Juliette Lewis perform with Aerosmith's Joe Perry at Sun Life Stadium Thursday night before the Dolphins' nationally televised game against the Chicago Bears?
The best reason to see Juliette Lewis perform before the Dolphins televised game.
Drug maker AstraZeneca PLC is warning of a tough year ahead as it reports a 24 percent increase in 2011 profits.
AstraZeneca PLC is warning of a tough year ahead.
A MAN stabbed to death during an alleged raid on a lorry at a Midland industrial estate has been named as Dean Skidmore.
A MAN stabbed to death during an alleged raid on a lorry has been named.
Army Commander Jagath Jayasuriya has been promoted to the rank of General by President Mahinda Rajapaksa, the Sri Lanka Army media unit said.
Jagath Jayasuriya has been promoted to the rank of General.
The Associated Press reports that the US no fly list for suspected terrorists has more than doubled in the past year, and the bump seems to coincide with the Underwear Bomber Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab's failed attempt to blow up the airplane.
The US no fly list has doubled.
Bank Muscat, the flagship financial services provider in the Sultanate, has won two awards in recognition of key support to sports development in Oman.
Bank Muscat has won two awards in recognition of key support to sports development.
Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama said on Thursday that Republican John McCain was ``losing his bearings'' for repeatedly suggesting the Islamic terrorist group Hamas preferred Mr Obama for President.
Barack Obama said John McCain was losing his bearings.
Amir Khan vs Lamont Peterson fight would be live shortly at Walter E. Washington Convention Center.
Amir Khan vs Lamont Peterson fight would be live.
A woman allegedly threw acid on her mother's face following a family dispute in Chakeri area here, police said on Saturday.
A woman threw acid on her mother's face.
Owens passed for 300 yards and four touchdowns, leading Toledo over Wyoming 34-31 Saturday in a game that saw the two teams combine for 1,030 yards total offense.
Owens passed, leading Toledo over Wyoming 34 31.
Three apparent prison guards were shot and killed Wednesday near a bus stop in southern Juarez, Chihuahua state police said.
Three apparent prison guards were shot and killed near a stop in Juarez.
Big Lots has opened in Ephrata, taking over the spot formerly occupied by Galens of Ephrata.
Big Lots has opened in Ephrata.
In the Vito Lopez case, staying nervous In the Dos Equis beer commercial, ``the most interesting man in the world'' signs off with the message: ``Stay thirsty, my friends.''
In the Vito Lopez case, staying nervous, the man signs off.
President Barack Obama says the US space program is not a luxury but a necessity for the nation.
Barack Obama says the space program is not a luxury.
Bihar Dy CM's cousin remanded to judicial custody Patna, Jul 26 Rekha Modi, a cousin of Bihar Deputy Chief Minister Sushil Kumar Modi, was today remanded to judicial custody by a local court on the charge of obstructing policemen from discharging their duties.Rekha had complained last night that her brother Mahabir Modi and sister-in-law were mentally torturing her in their house and not allowing her to meet her parents, police sources said.
Bihar Dy CM's cousin remanded to judicial custody Patna.
Gold extended losses to trade below $US900 an ounce on Thursday, after registering its biggest daily percentage drop in more than two weeks the previous day, as stock markets rallied and the US Fed calmed inflation fears.
Gold extended losses.
One person was flown to the hospital after an accident in Allegheny Township Tuesday afternoon.
One person was flown to the hospital after an accident in Allegheny Township.
Police have made one arrest after an early morning home invasion at the Coolivan Apartments off Sixth Street in Lexington.
Police have made one arrest after an home invasion.
Real Madrid is looking to sign a striker on-loan to replace the injured Gonzalo Higuain, director general Jorge Valdano said after Thursday's 3-1 Copa del Rey quarterfinals win over Atletico Madrid.
Real Madrid is looking to sign a striker on-loan.
New Delhi Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit, who led her party to a record third consecutive victory in the Assembly polls, on Friday also scored a hattrick as MLA, defeating BJP's Vijay Jolly by a margin of 14,078 votes.
Minister Sheila Dikshit scored a hattrick as MLA.
Dubai Industrial City, a member of Tatweer Dubai, today announced it has completed the construction of 64 showrooms equipped with storage facilities at the warehouse complex.
Dubai Industrial City has completed the construction of 64 showrooms equipped at the warehouse complex.
R\u0026B singer Alicia Keys reportedly took a tumble on stage this past weekend while performing at the Essence Music Festival in New Orleans, LA.
Alicia Keys took a tumble on stage.
A man was found dead on St. Paul train tracks late Saturday evening, according to the St. Paul Deputy Fire Chief.
A man was found dead on St. Paul train tracks.
Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and the Republican Party outraised President Barack Obama and the Democratic Party for the third straight month in July, according to fundraising numbers revealed on Monday.
Mitt Romney outraised Barack Obama for the third straight month.
Newcastle captain Fabricio Coloccini reported to training on Thursday, amid continued speculation about his future.
Fabricio Coloccini reported to training.
CLIMATE change may be preventing bees from carrying out the vital job of pollination by upsetting their life cycles, a study has shown.
CLIMATE change may be preventing bees from carrying out the vital job of pollination.
The Capitals did some payback Tuesday night, beating the Flyers 2-1 in a shootout to avenge the only loss they've had in a month and ease some of the sting from last year's first-round playoff series loss.
The Capitals did, beating the Flyers 2 1 in a shootout.
Italian striker and soccer star Antonio Cassano has received a €15,000 fine for a homophobic comment.
Star Antonio Cassano has received a fine for a homophobic comment.
Police are trying to figure out who built a homemade device that exploded near a police cruiser on Wednesday night.
Who built a homemade device that exploded near a police cruiser.
A Zimbabwe court on Saturday overturned a police ban on the opposition's main pre-election rally ahead of next week's presidential run-off, allowing it to be held on the weekend, a party spokesman said.
A Zimbabwe court overturned a police ban on the opposition's rally.
Jackson County voters elected their first female county commission chair tonight with Democrat Sadie Bias taking 50.44 percent of the votes.
Jackson County voters elected their first female county commission chair.
Microscan now offers a C-Mount lens configuration for two of its auto ID and machine vision products: the QX Hawk barcode imager and the Vision Hawk smart camera.
Microscan offers a C-Mount lens configuration for two : the barcode imager.
Four students from Council Rock High School North were taken to the hospital after taking an unknown substance.It happened around noon Monday.
Four students were taken to the hospital.
PTI / Colombo December 24, 2012, 10:35 Sri Lankan Navy has arrested 27 Indian fishermen and seized their four trawlers after accusing them of fishing inside the country's maritime area.
Colombo 10:35 Sri Lankan Navy has arrested 27 Indian fishermen.
Zambian President Rupiah Banda ruled out windfall taxes for mining companies currently enjoying record copper prices, saying on Tuesday that changing the rules for foreign investors was plainly bad business.
Rupiah Banda ruled out windfall taxes for mining companies.
Tottenham Hotspur manager Harry Redknapp angrily denied prosecution claims on Thursday that he had told a ``pack of lies'' to a court when giving evidence over tax evasion claims.
Harry Redknapp had told a pack of lies to a court.
SANA'A, Jan. 13 - Yemen and Algeria discussed here on Wednesday preparing a judicial cooperation agreement draft relating to the sentenced people extradition and rulings' implementation.
SANA'A, Yemen and Algeria discussed preparing a judicial agreement draft.
Assam took a thin first innings lead of 14 runs against Haryana in their U-22 CK Nayudu Trophy match at Tinsukia today.
Assam took a lead of 14 runs against Haryana.
The Olympic torch relay for the 2014 Winter Games will kick off 123 days on October 7th before the game and will travel a distance of 65,000 km. Russia has planned an Olympic torch spacewalk ahead of the 2014 Winter Games due to be held in Sochi, Russia.
Russia has planned an Olympic torch spacewalk ahead.
I know MARK FOSTER is the golden boy of British swimming but surely this is taking things a bit too far.
MARK FOSTER is the golden boy.
resident evil revelations 3ds resident evil revelations 3ds walkthrough resident evil revelations 3ds walkthrough part 1 resident evil revelations 3ds walkthrough part 1 go to the queen zenobia resident evil revelations 3ds walkthrough part 1 go to the queen zenobia hq resident evil revelations 3ds resident evil revelations 3ds walkthrough resident evil revelations 3ds walkthrough en español resident evil revelations 3ds walkthrough en español parte 1 resident evil revelations 3ds resident evil revelations 3ds gameplay resident evil revelations 3ds gameplay part 1 resident evil revelations 3ds resident evil revelations 3ds playthrough resident evil revelations 3ds playthrough part 1
Part 1 go to the queen zenobia hq resident evil revelations 3ds walkthrough.
In occupied Kashmir, with mercury dipping to minus, people in the Kashmir valley experienced coldest night of this winter so far, reports KMS.
In Kashmir people experienced coldest night of this winter.
Hospital drug shortages deadly, costly Credit rating agency Fitch says it is downgrading several credit ratings for pharmaceutical giant Pfizer Inc. ahead of the loss of patent protection for its best-selling drug, Lipitor.
Fitch is downgrading credit ratings for Pfizer Inc..
CIA chief Michael Hayden, in an interview published Friday, said Al Qaeda is essentially defeated in Iraq, Saudi Arabia and on the defensive elsewhere, including the Afghanistan-Pakistan border.
Al Qaeda is essentially defeated in Iraq.
The US wants to expand its military cooperation with China to intensify collaboration in the areas of humanitarian exercises, disaster relief and counter piracy, Defense Secretary Robert Gates has said, as he prepares to embark on a trip to that country to resume the suspended military dialogue.
The US wants to expand its military cooperation with China.
Everonn Education said its founder and former chief P Kishore has sold 4.98% stake in the company for an estimated Rs29 crore through open market, bringing down his stake to 11.94%.
Everonn Education said its founder has sold 4.98% stake.
Orcs Must Die 2 is the latter.
Orcs Must Die 2 is.
Japanese factory output rose more than expected in December to mark a second straight month of gains, signalling that solid overseas demand will help the economy to resume its recovery in coming months.
Japanese factory output rose more than expected.
Hollywood hard man SYLVESTER STALLONE prefers painting to acting - because he is much happier with a brush in his hand.
SYLVESTER STALLONE prefers painting to acting.
The Azerbaijani parliament has proposed to approve an amnesty act in connection with the upcoming Novruz holiday at a meeting on Wednesday.
The Azerbaijani parliament has proposed to approve an amnesty act.
Arable land prices have hit record highs, as commercial property succumbs the pressure of the credit crunch, according to the latest research from the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors.
Arable land prices have hit record highs.
A man was charged with stalking Serena Williams after police said they caught him trying to enter the tennis star's gated neighborhood.
A man was charged with stalking Serena Williams.
Kellogg Co. recalled Friday about 28 million boxes of cereal largely marketed to children out of concern that unpleasant smells and flavors emanating from the boxes' plastic packaging can cause nausea and diarrhea.
Kellogg Co. recalled about 28 million boxes of cereal.
Nissan LEAF electric cars to become NYC taxis Six electric taxis are hitting New York City's streets.
Nissan LEAF electric cars to become NYC taxis.
Gold futures dived below $ 1200 in mid London trades today though the weak US dollar supported the commodity.
Gold futures dived below $ 1200 though the dollar supported.
A PRP student is recovering after being beaten at her bus stop by two other teens.
A student is recovering after being beaten at her bus stop.
AN ELDERLY woman died at around midday today after being hit by a car this morning.
AN woman died after being hit by a car.
France's Solairedirect has committed to deploying 10 MW in community-based PV solar projects on Native American lands in the southwestern US.
France's Solairedirect has committed to deploying 10 MW in PV projects on Native American lands.
Right fielder Chris Parmelee is starting to show signs that he's turning it around at the plate, as he entered Saturday's game against the Indians with homers in back-to-back games.
Chris Parmelee's turning around at the plate.
Rivera is calling for an FBI probe into allegations the Mayor used his power to help get former basketball star Leonard Stokes out of trouble.
Rivera is calling for an FBI probe into allegations the Mayor used.
With spring quarter beginning Monday, April 4, there's still time to enroll for career-focused programs at Baker College of Coldwater, a satellite campus of Baker College of Jackson.
There's still time to enroll for programs at Baker College.
A natural gas leak has forced the evacuation of an offshore platform in the Gulf of Mexico, and an undersea robot is being used to investigate the source.
A gas leak has forced the evacuation of an offshore platform, and an undersea robot is being used to investigate.
Out-of-form North Melbourne full-forward David Hale has been dropped for Friday night's clash with Carlton at Etihad Stadium.
Out North Melbourne full-forward David Hale has been dropped for Friday night's clash with Carlton.
Chickasha officers found a litter of kittens in a dumpster, according to investigators.
Chickasha officers found a litter of kittens in a dumpster.
Gentlemen in monocles, pipes and bowler hats do battle at Britain's most eccentric sporting event.
Gentlemen, do battle.
US Ambassador Richard Holbrooke said on Monday he will visit Pakistan this week to assess relief efforts to help the estimated 2 million people who have fled a Pakistani offensive against the Taliban and said more may become homeless if the conflict widens.
Richard Holbrooke will visit Pakistan.
Mozilla today released Firefox 3, a major update to its free, open source Web browser.
Mozilla today released Firefox 3.
Indian Army has great faith in democracy, Army chief Gen VK Singh was today quoted as saying.
Indian Army has great faith in democracy.
END, a new sustainability company focused on designing outside gear, started by award-winning footwear designer Andrew Estey and business partner Ben Finklea, hired two industry footwear mavens --
END, hired two industry footwear mavens.
Swedish Princess Madeleine has been awarded 400,000 euros in damages by a German court.
Swedish Madeleine has been awarded 400,000 euros.
Most Canadians call water the country's most valuable natural resource, yet they use it at ``alarming rates'' and they're not cutting back, a study says.
Canadians call water, yet they use at alarming rates.
2010 NBA playoffs betting at online sportsbooks have the Nuggets listed as 7.5-point favorites versus the Jazz, while the game's total is sitting at 213.
2010 NBA playoffs betting have.
Fire destroyed a local home on Lake Lochbrae Monday night, according to the Gladwin Rural-Urban Fire Department.
Fire destroyed a local home.
President Barack Obama on Monday ended an eight-year ban on new embryonic stem cell research, dismantling a signature policy of the Bush administration that he said was driven by ideology and not science.
Barack Obama ended an ban on stem cell research.
Barnes \u0026 Noble Inc., the largest US bookstore chain, fell the most in 19 months after forecasting a possible loss for this fiscal year because of investments in digital books.
Barnes \u0026 Noble Inc. fell after forecasting a possible loss.
For the month of July 2009, Grand Rapids LASIK is offering free LASIK evaluations for residents of Grand Rapids, MI to determine candidacy for the procedure.
Grand Rapids LASIK is offering free LASIK evaluations for residents of Grand Rapids, MI.
LAKE FOREST, Ill. Tommie Harris said he wants to stay with the Chicago Bears even though they benched him for the game against the Green Bay Packers on Monday night.
Tommie Harris wants to stay with the Chicago Bears.
Alexander McQueen, the 40 year old British fashion designer who was highly respected around the globe, was found dead at his home.
Alexander McQueen, the fashion designer, was found dead.
One more pregnant woman died in the Government Medical College hospital here late on Monday.
One pregnant woman died in the hospital.
MELTON Shire's golden girl Lydia Lassila had a surprise when she gave birth to a boy when expecting a girl.
Lydia Lassila gave birth to a boy when expecting a girl.
A South Yarmouth man is facing his 15th drunken driving charge after being stopped by Yarmouth police while driving on Route 28 early this morning.
A South Yarmouth man is facing his 15th drunken driving charge.
AstraZeneca is to cut 700 jobs in the UK over the next three years, the pharmaceuticals giant said today.
AstraZeneca is to cut 700 jobs in the UK.
The Chubb Corporation announced today that it estimates losses from third quarter catastrophes were approximately $400 million to $475 million before tax.
The Chubb Corporation estimates losses from third quarter catastrophes were.
Singer Chris Brown said he is ``not a monster'' in a video message posted online this week ahead of a court hearing over a criminal charge that he beat singer Rihanna, leaving her bruised and bloodied.
Chris Brown said he is not a monster.
Sri Lanka is set to seek assistance from Middle Eastern nations, to reform migrant worker sponsorship laws, that require the consent of the employer to change sponsors or exit the country of employment.
Sri Lanka is set to seek, to reform migrant worker sponsorship laws.
X Factor winner Joe McElderry could be beaten to the Christmas number one by rock band Rage Against The Machine, who now the odds on favourite to take the festive top slot.
X Factor winner Joe McElderry could be beaten to the Christmas number one.
The NFL asked renowned singer, songwriter, Bruce Springsteen to rock the Super Bowl half time show this year in Tampa and ``The Boss'' indulged their request.
The NFL asked Bruce Springsteen to rock the Super Bowl half time show.
Sarah Palin dined and prayed on Sunday with the Rev. Billy Graham, who has counseled presidents and other politicians for decades.
Sarah Palin dined and prayed with the Billy Graham.
Johnson \u0026 Johnson is expanding a recall of over-the-counter drugs including Tylenol and Motrin IB because of a musty or moldy smell.
Johnson \u0026 Johnson is expanding a recall.
Award-winning photojournalist Don McCullin admits he is 'not good at technical' as he makes his first foray into digital photography in a video posted on Canon's website.
Don McCullin admits he is not good at technical.
Micro Focus International said it is buying NetManage for an agreed US$73.3m, or $7.20 per share.
Micro Focus International is buying NetManage for an US $ 73.3m.
James, who'd supported Gov. Rick Perry's presidential bid, announced late Wednesday he's endorsing former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum for the GOP presidential nomination.
James's endorsing Rick Santorum.
ITV is to launch its long-awaited TV micropayment system in January, as the broadcaster forecast an end to its summer advertising slump in September with television ad revenues expected to be ``broadly flat''.
ITV is to launch its TV micropayment system in January.
The Nile Special National Open Pool Championship qualifiers move to Buganda region this weekend.
The qualifiers move to Buganda region.
An armed robbery was reported at a gas station in Fontana on June 14, according to the Fontana Police Department.
An armed robbery was reported at a gas station in Fontana.
Justin Bieber and his manager Scooter Braun will be honored at this year's Tribeca Film Festival.
Justin Bieber will be honored at this year's Tribeca Film Festival.
The Environmental Protection Agency reports the 2012 Jeep Wrangler has improved its fuel economy.
The 2012 Jeep Wrangler has improved its fuel economy.
Scientists have sequenced the complete genome of the naked mole rat, a pivotal step to understanding the animal's extraordinarily long life and good health.
Scientists have sequenced the complete genome of the naked mole rat.
Mumbai, Sep 11 The India-Pakistan bond is ``above all disputes'', says Pakistani singer Shafqat Amanat Ali, the magical voice behind chartbusters like ``Tere Naina'' and ``Mitwa'', who believes that Bollywood has room for singers from all over the world.
Bollywood has room for singers from all.
Barbara Bush, mother of former President George W. Bush, was recovering on Wednesday from heart surgery in a Houston hospital where her aortic valve was replaced, a spokeswoman said.
Barbara Bush was recovering from heart surgery.
Thailand's ``red shirt'' protesters called off a march to Bangkok's business district yesterday after the army warned they would face bullets and tear gas, but they threatened to stay in a shopping district ``indefinitely'' As night fell, thousands of supporters of ousted premier Thaksin Shinawatra gathered across an intersection from the business district, using firecrackers to taunt hundreds of riot police and troops, many armed with M-16 assault rifles.
Thailand's red shirt protesters called off a march.
On Nov. 30, 2012, Tiffany Mitchell, the psychic allegedly punched by Lindsay Lohan, 26, in a Manhattan nightclub, has hired attorney Gloria Allred to represent her.
On Nov. 30, 2012, Tiffany Mitchell, the psychic allegedly punched by Lindsay Lohan, has hired attorney Gloria Allred.
Now, under proposals put forward by Udaras na Gaeltachta, all the Irish islands could become tax havens -- modelled loosely on the tax-free principality of Andorra.
The islands could become tax havens.
The battle against uninsured motorists is hotting up with the Association of Chief Police Officers and Motor Insurers' Bureau reporting that police are seizing more than 460 uninsured vehicles a day.
Police are seizing more than 460 uninsured vehicles a day.
Kentucky and Tennessee turned over their supplies of a drug used in executions to the federal authorities Friday, weeks after Georgia's supply was seized because of questions about how it had been imported.
Kentucky and Tennessee turned over their supplies of a drug used in executions.
Cricket Australia has virtually decided not to tour Pakistan after getting a briefing from their High Commission in Islamabad, but will not announce a decision until next week.
Cricket Australia has decided not to tour Pakistan.
As the comic Kajal bhai, who used to flaunt her contacts with film producers in the '90s show Hum Paanch, Bhairavi Raichura has now turned producer with a new TV show, Chhal - Sheh Aur Maat, a thriller on Colors.
Bhairavi Raichura has turned producer with a new TV show.
The Chelsea Football Club confirmed that Roberto Di Matteo has parted ways with the club after struggling in their past few games that led to speculations about his eventual exit.
The Chelsea Football Club confirmed Roberto Di Matteo has parted ways after struggling.
The British media are reporting that Andy Murray will decide on Wednesday if he will play the French Open.
Andy Murray will decide on Wednesday if he will play the French Open.
Former first lady Nancy Reagan is hospitalized in California after falling in her Bel-Air home.
Nancy Reagan is hospitalized after falling.
Tobacco companies must publicly admit that they lied to Americans for decades about the dangers of smoking, a federal judge has ruled.
Tobacco companies must admit they lied.
Gowland, an innovative fashion photographer who invented elite cameras and equipment that he used to shoot pinups and magazine covers for six decades, has died at 93.
Gowland, an fashion photographer, has died at 93.
Hawaiʻi Island police are warning the public to beware of telephone scams, especially those that require a phone call to an unfamiliar area code.
Police are warning the public to beware of telephone scams.
DTE Energy Co. completed its sale of its Barnett Shale gas properties, excluding 44,000 acres reserved for continued development, for $250 million .
DTE Energy Co. completed its sale of its Barnett Shale properties, excluding, for $ 250 million.
Bradford County Commissioner Mark Smith announced Thursday he is running for the Democratic nomination for lieutenant governor of Pennsylvania, saying he would use the office to advocate for people ``who are all too often left behind in the bureaucracy of Harrisburg.''
Bradford County Commissioner Mark Smith announced he is running for the nomination for lieutenant governor.
Hollywood star Jake Gyllenhaal and late Australian actor Heath Ledger auditioned for the lead male role in ``Moulin Rouge!''.
Jake Gyllenhaal and Heath Ledger auditioned for the role in Moulin Rouge.
British Airways has clipped Naomi Campbell's wings, banning her from their flights after her hissy fit last week.
British Airways has clipped, banning her.
Laura Dekker, the 14-year-old Dutch girl who was prevented from sailing solo around the world, has been found on a Caribbean island.
Laura Dekker has been found on a Caribbean island.
The confession of lone surviving 26/11 terrorist Ajmal Kasab shows that he was ``a young man without much purpose in life'', US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has said, pitching for good education and jobs to wean away the youth from ``blandishment'' of terrorist groups.
26/11 Ajmal Kasab was a man without much purpose in life.
Debt relief amounting to Rs 18.4 lakh was provided to 140 farmers in the district at the sitting of the State Farmers' Debt Relief Commission held at the Government Guest House here on Tuesday.
Debt relief amounting was provided.
Italian World Cup-winning defender Marco Materazzi received a formal public apology from British newspaper the Daily Star for claiming that he racially abused Zinedine Zidane at the 2006 World Cup.
Marco Materazzi received a public apology.
In his tenth year as governor, he says elect him for another four years, and he'll serve the full term, and won't run for president in two years.
He says, and he 'll serve, and won't run for president.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton warned Tehran on Tuesday that if she were president, the United States could ``totally obliterate'' Iran in retaliation for a nuclear strike against Israel.
The United States could totally obliterate Iran.
UK pub group JD Wetherspoon PLC Wednesday warned rising cost pressures in the pub industry means cash-strapped UK drinkers, already facing a squeeze on discretionary incomes, face further price increases.
UK pub group Wednesday warned means drinkers face price increases.
Solar greenhouses, which have played a vital role in China's agricultural scene for years, may solve issues such as global energy crisis and climate change, according to a new report.
Solar greenhouses may solve issues such as global energy crisis.
A bicyclist was hit by a Collier County work truck with a trailer at the intersection of Vanderbilt Beach Rd. and US 41 on Wednesday afternoon.
A bicyclist was hit by a Collier County work truck.
A Regina lawyer who hoped to run as a Liberal in the 2008 federal election has pleaded guilty to ``conduct unbecoming'' a lawyer after forging a will and working on another will that would have given him cash and other benefits.
A Regina lawyer has pleaded guilty to conduct unbecoming a lawyer.
GE Capital, Healthcare Financial Services announced today that it is administrative agent on a $100 million senior secured credit facility for Affymetrix, Inc.
GE Capital, announced it is administrative agent on a $ 100 million senior credit facility for Affymetrix, Inc..
The US Marine Corps announced this past week that it will block its troops from logging onto social networking sites --
The US Marine Corps will block from logging onto social networking sites.
In an effort to reinforce security of power supply, Iberdrola has inspected around 85,000km of its power lines in Spain in 2011.
Iberdrola has inspected around 85,000km of its power lines in Spain in 2011.
HBO has renewed new comedies Girls and Veep for second seasons, the premium cable network said Monday.
HBO has renewed Girls and Veep.
A 27-year-old Lawrence man arrested in connection with a double stabbing Saturday morning was released from jail on $30,000 bond, pending a March 24 hearing in Douglas County District Court, law enforcement officials said.
A man arrested in connection with a double stabbing was released.
Countrywide hearings on water and sanitation issues will start this week, the SA Human Rights Commission said on Tuesday.
Countrywide hearings on water and sanitation issues will start.
Norma Torres has handily won a state Senate seat in a Southern California special election.
Norma Torres has won a state Senate seat.
The road, passing through Escorts and Yelahanka satellite township, would be named after Sandeep Unnikrishnan, Chief Minister BS Yeddyurappa announced at a function here.
The road would be named after Sandeep Unnikrishnan.
A Japanese zookeeper was mauled to death by a tiger today while he was cleaning the animal's cage, police said.
A Japanese zookeeper was mauled to death by a tiger.
Texas Instruments Inc., Dallas TX, and National Semiconductor Corp., Santa Clara CA, have signed a definitive agreement under which TI will acquire National for USD$25 per share in an all-cash transaction of about $6.5-billion.
TI will acquire National.
By Allen Starbury / March 25, 2013 Too Short dodges a felony drug possession charge, stemming from a DUI arrest from last week.
Too Short dodges a felony drug possession charge.
Turkey and Macedonia signed an additional protocol in the Turkish capital of Ankara on Tuesday.
Turkey and Macedonia signed an additional protocol.
A GROUP of six foreign Niseko locals is spending a cold night outdoors on remote Mt Kurodake in central Hokkaido after failing to return to the base of the mountain by nightfall.
A GROUP of six locals is spending a night on Mt Kurodake.
A Savanna police officer shot a 21-year-old female suspect Wednesday morning after the woman allegedly struck a man with a vehicle, said Lt. Kurt Cavanaugh of the Illinois State Police.
A Savanna police officer shot a suspect.
Mel Gibson addressed his unbridled rant against screenwriter Joe Eszterhas on the ``Tonight Show with Jay Leno'' Friday night, saying: ``Maybe you didn't know this about me, I've got a little bit of a temper.''
Mel Gibson addressed his rant against Joe Eszterhas, I 've got a bit of a temper.
Adam Leon's Gimme The Loot won the top prize at the SXSW Film Festival tonight, taking the event's best narrative feature prize, while Jay Bulger's Beware Of Mr. Baker won took the award in the documentary category.
Adam Leon's Gim me The Loot won the top prize at the SXSW Film Festival.
BOOMERS centre David Andersen has celebrated being traded from the NBA's Houston Rockets to the Toronto Raptors by scoring the winning basket for Australia against China overnight.
David Andersen has celebrated being traded to the Toronto Raptors.
Independent investment research provider Morningstar Inc, yesterday said it had acquired the financial blog website Footnoted.org for an undisclosed sum.
Morningstar Inc had acquired the financial blog website Footnoted.org.
Rajasthan Royals skipper Shane Warne blamed poor bowling in the 'death overs' for their first defeat against Chennai Super Kings.
Shane Warne blamed poor bowling.
The UAE will not permit a third telecom operator other than the existing players Etisalat and du in the next two to three years, Mohamed Nasser Al Ghanim, Director-General of the Telecommunications Regulatory Authority, or TRA, said on Monday.
The UAE will not permit a third telecom operator.
European Union leaders are determined to support Italy even if they let Greece default on its debt, said Walter Schroeder, chairman of Toronto-based credit-ratings company DBRS Ltd.
European Union leaders are determined to support Italy even they let Greece default on its debt.
US President-elect Barack Obama is expected to receive on Thursday his first top-secret presidential intelligence briefing, CNN reported Wednesday.
Barack Obama is expected to receive his presidential intelligence briefing.
The incident in the community center in the village in Sarnevo, in which ten people were injured, is under investigation, the Ministry of Interior Regional Police Directorate-Stara Zagora announced.
The incident is under investigation.
When patients have a 'bad bite', we call this malocclusion.
Patients have a bad bite.
On the heels of a successful 2-0 weekend of competition, the Liberty field hockey team returns to the road Thursday in preparation for a pair of games in Moon Township, Pa.
The field hockey team returns to the road.
Just Shut Up And Drive 2 is an Internet flash game for PC and notebook is a game of F1.
Just Shut Up And Drive 2 is is.
Gorakhali Rubber Udhyog that remained closed for a week due to protests by workers as well as locals has resumed its operations on Wednesday.
Gorakhali Rubber Udhyog has resumed its operations.
UNESCO has withdrawn its patronage of the Online Free Expression Day, organised by the non-governmental organisation, Reporters Without Borders.
UNESCO has withdrawn its patronage Reporters Without Borders.
The Department of Defense says a soldier from Ohio has died in Iraq of injuries sustained from a non-combat related incident.
A soldier from Ohio has died in Iraq.
``Batavia Downs definitely will not close,'' Siebert said Tuesday after meeting with New York Lottery officials in Schenectady.
Batavia Downs definitely will not close.
Chaarat Gold Holdings continues to make progress at Chaarat as it moves towards production.
Chaarat Gold Holdings continues to make progress.
salmanj10 seattle times: 'Mom's gone crazy:' 4 killed in Seattle shooting:
Times : Mom's gone crazy : 4 killed in Seattle shooting.
Saudi Basic Industries Corporation and German-based The Linde Group announced today the first successful commercialization of Linear Alpha Olefins, using α-SABLIN technology developed jointly by SABIC and Linde.
Saudi Basic Industries Corporation The Linde Group announced the first successful commercialization of Linear Alpha Olefins.
'EastEnders' newcomer David Witts was so nervous about kissing co-star Hetti Bywater he ate a packet of extra strong mints first.
EastEnders ' newcomer David Witts was nervous about kissing.
A lawsuit organized by The American Civil Liberties Union and filed in the US District Court for the Southern District of New York is challenging the practice of gene patenting in a case that could have wide-reaching consequences for medical research and genetic diagnostics, the New York Times reports.
A lawsuit is challenging the practice of gene patenting.
Johnson Outdoors said it swung to a fourth-quarter ending Oct. 3 loss of $74.6 million, or $8.18 a share, after recording asset impairment charges and a deferred tax asset valuation allowance.
Johnson Outdoors swung to a fourth-quarter ending loss.
Rep. John Murtha has been hospitalized in intensive care stemming from complications related to gallbladder surgery.
Rep. John Murtha has been hospitalized in intensive care.
Former Penn State coach Jerry Sandusky, who was convicted on 45 counts of sexually abusing 10 young boys over 15 years, has been sentenced to 30 to 60 years in prison.
Jerry Sandusky has been sentenced to 30 to 60 years in prison.
Debt-laden Dubai will build an opera house and an modern art museum, the government said Wednesday, in the first such project since the Gulf emirate was hit by the global economic downturn in 2008.
Dubai will build an opera house and an museum.
Nasdaq OMX Group said Monday it is integrating its Nordic and Baltic news distribution service, Company News Service, into the worldwide brand, GlobeNewswire.
Nasdaq OMX Group is integrating its Nordic and Baltic news distribution service.
The Post asked political experts whether the Republican Party would win in November with a negative strategy.
The Republican Party would win in November with a negative strategy.
A former research chemist with global pharmaceutical company sanofi-aventis was sentenced today to 18 months in prison for stealing sanofi's trade secrets and making them available for sale through Abby Pharmatech Inc., the US subsidiary of a Chinese chemicals company, US Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.
A former research chemist with global pharmaceutical company sanofi-aventis was sentenced to 18 months in prison.
A weekend fire destroyed two Oelwein businesses and left several families homeless.
A fire destroyed two Oelwein businesses.
TransLink has revealed its new bus plan to flush Richmond commuters towards the Canada Line.
TransLink has revealed its bus plan.
The rich got richer over the last year, with the wealthiest 1,000 people in the UK now worth a record £414 billion.
The rich got richer.
There are three main reasons why the insider threat has been ignored: organizations do not know it's happening, it's easy for organizations to be in denial, and organizations fear bad publicity.
Why the insider threat has been ignored.
Testimony continues in Mercer County in the murder trial of a Fowler woman.
Testimony continues in Mercer County in the murder trial.
Duluth Police say a 30-year-old man was stabbed in the chest Sunday following a domestic dispute with a woman.
A man was stabbed in the chest.
For the first time that longtime lawmakers and Capitol employees can remember, the Texas House for now includes a convicted felon among its members.
The Texas House includes a convicted felon.
Vivus Inc. posted a loss of 10 cents per share during the third quarter 2011, narrower than the Zacks Consensus Estimate of a loss of 12 cents and the year-ago loss of 22 cents per share.
Vivus Inc. posted a loss, narrower.
Once again Ravi Teja has turned an assistant director.
Ravi Teja has turned an assistant director.
A Massachusetts mom is accused of killing her 3-year-old daughter by stuffing roses down her throat in an exorcism to remove the demons inside the girl, according to court documents.
A Massachusetts mom is accused of killing her daughter by stuffing in an exorcism.
New York based prog rockers Coheed and Cambria have posted their new music video online.
Coheed and Cambria have posted their new video.
Union Commerce and Industry Minister Kamal Nath has stated that hope and aspiration in India is leading to social mobility and prosperity and these are the engines that are driving Indias growth today.
Hope and aspiration in India is leading to social mobility and prosperity.
ICICIdirect has upgraded Tech Mahindra to `Buy` from `Hold` with a price target of Rs 800 as against the current market price of Rs 685 in its report dated March 22, 2012.
ICICIdirect has upgraded Tech Mahindra to Buy.
Nilesh Shah, Deputy MD, ICICI Prudential is of the opinion that banking stocks are looking attractive.
Banking stocks are looking attractive.
TOUCHING tributes were paid today to a well known Aberdeen boxing coach who died two weeks after he was diagnosed with terminal cancer.
Tributes were paid to a well known Aberdeen boxing coach.
Police in Washington state say a woman is missing after the boat she was driving sank in Lake Stevens.
A woman is missing after the boat sank in Lake Stevens.
Danny Young would ''never say never'' to reuniting with ex-girlfriend Nikki Sanderson who played his 'Coronation Street' on-screen lover.
Danny Young would never say never.
China's search giant Baidu has pledged to remove all unauthorized literary works from its free online literary database Wenku within three days.
China's giant Baidu has pledged to remove all unauthorized literary works from its online database.
Australian retailer Woolworths Ltd. posted an 11% rise in its first-half net profit and announced a stock buyback that would give as much as 400 million Australian dollars back to shareholders.
Woolworths Ltd. posted an 11% rise in its profit.
The journalists walked out from Press Gallery against an attack on a private TV channel in Multan and ban on two famous programs of GEO.
The journalists walked out from Press Gallery.
Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif said that the payment of compensation to the flood-affecteed would be completed within 45 days after the completion of survey of losses occurred in flood-hit areas.
The payment of compensation would be completed within 45 days.
Gross mortgage lending declined to an estimated £9.1bn in January, a 32 per cent fall from £13.4 bn in December and a 21 per cent fall from £11.5bn in January 2009, according to the Council of Mortgage Lenders.
Gross mortgage lending declined in January.
Ashok Singhal, senior functionary of the Vishwa Hindu Parishad, Friday said that decades of Congress rule in the country had only brought 'insult' for Hindus and urged people to vote in a government that can 'protect the interest' of the majority community.
Decades of Congress rule had only brought insult for Hindus.
Cruise line Royal Caribbean has cancelled its South American cruise programme for winter 2009-10.
Royal Caribbean has cancelled its South American cruise programme.
'Federal anti-corruption body needed' Updated: 22:19, Wednesday April 10, 2013 A federal watchdog must be established to investigate alleged links between former NSW MP Richard Torbay and almost $48 million of Centrelink tenancy leases, an anti-corruption advocacy group says.
Federal anti-corruption body needed.
How to get a girlfriend fast now revealed in a new series of online dating advice for men tips at http://www.datingadviceformen.co.
How to get a girlfriend fast revealed in a new series of online dating advice for men tips.
Regular exercise can cut by 40 percent the risk of cancer returning, say experts.
Exercise can cut the risk of cancer returning.
Dell Rapids has passed an $11 million school bond.
Dell Rapids has passed an school bond.
Sri Lanka allrounder Angelo Mathews was ruled out of the Asia Cup with a calf injury and replaced by Shaminda Eranga on Wednesday.
Sri Lanka allrounder Angelo Mathews was ruled out of the Asia Cup with a injury.
Nepal Rastra Bank, the central bank, Sunday said that the country's economy was unlikely to grow as buoyantly as projected in the beginning of the current fiscal year, local newspaper The Rising Nepal reported on Monday.
The country's economy was unlikely to grow as projected.
Weather permitting, bright banners celebrating the Victoria Hall sesquicentennial will soon go up, their artwork coming courtesy of some talented local children.
Bright banners celebrating the sesquicentennial will go.
An Iranian firing squad on Saturday executed a man who raped 17 children, the Fars news agency reported, in a rare use of this method of capital punishment which is usually carried out by hanging.
An Iranian firing squad executed a man who raped 17 children.
Chairman of energy company Aksa, Cemil Kazanci, asserts that Aksa may be interested in placing a bid in the new nuclear power plant tender.
Aksa may be interested in placing in the new nuclear power plant tender.
A Greek court on Thursday postponed until next year the trial of disgraced Olympic sprinters Costas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou, implicated in a doping scandal at the 2004 Athens Games.
A Greek court postponed the trial of Olympic sprinters.
A dacoit was killed in firing by his accomplices during resistance by the villagers, near village Hazar Khan on Saturday night.
A dacoit was killed in firing by his accomplices.
OutKast singer André 3000 is set to play the lead role in a forthcoming biopic of Jimi Hendrix...maybe.
OutKast singer André 3000 is set to play in a biopic of Jimi Hendrix.
The World Bank on Thursday approved a record $1.05 billion credit line to help get more children into schools in India, the largest ever investment in education by the poverty-fighting institution.
The World Bank approved a record $ 1.05 billion line to help get into schools in India.
Sportingbet are running a betting competition where you can win prizes just for betting each month.
Sportingbet are running a betting competition.
Double trap shooter Ronjan Singh Sodhi, who had missed the wild card for 2008 Beijing Olympics, says he is trying to peak at the right time for the mega-events, including the next year's Delhi Commonwealth Games.
Ronjan Singh Sodhi is trying to peak at the right time.
Captain Lou Albano, a former professional wrestler and manager, passed away Friday morning at the age of 76.
Lou Albano, a professional wrestler, passed away.
Anglo-Dutch supermajor Shell said an ``orphan sheen'' in the Gulf of Mexico has broken up and is dissipating.
Shell said an sheen has broken up.
Don Peters, former US Olympic coach, is accused of sexual abuse stemming from the 1980s.
Don Peters is accused of sexual abuse.
ORLANDO, Fla. - Arnold Palmer says he has been selected to receive a Congressional Gold Medal, which honors a person for his distinguished achievements and contributions.
Arnold Palmer has been selected to receive a Congressional Gold Medal.
Less than 3 weeks after he allegedly beat singer Rihanna, 21, Chris Brown, 19, has apparently reconciled with her, according to a People report.
He beat Rihanna has reconciled.
Wholesale inflation soared in July, leaving prices rising at the fastest pace in nearly three decades.
Wholesale inflation soared in July.
Armenian police is searching for a man who rаn over a Russian serviceman in Shirak region, Armenia.
Armenian police is searching for a man who rаn over a Russian serviceman.
It will be a case of 'For Love or Money' but mostly 'for laughs' as Tru-Mac Drama Circle takes to the stage this weekend with their latest comedy play offering.
For Love or Money but takes to the stage.
Donald G. Fisher, who co-founded apparel giant Gap Inc., has died at age 81 after a long battle with cancer.
Donald G. Fisher, who co-founded, has died.
A Benzie County home is destroyed by an early morning fire.
A home is destroyed by an early morning fire.
Two Angier police officers were injured in a wreck Saturday night while responding to a call, the state Highway Patrol said.
Two officers were injured in a wreck.
Menard Inc. has agreed to pay about $1 million to settle a class-action race discrimination claim.
Menard Inc. has agreed to pay about $ 1 million to settle a discrimination claim.
A man assaulted Pennsylania State Police troopers while he was arrested Saturday morning in Indiana County, police said.
A man assaulted troopers while he was arrested, police said.
Coal use falls to record low Updated: 05:05, Wednesday March 13, 2013 Coal use in energy production has fallen below 75 per cent for the first time in Australian history, lowering carbon emissions and suggesting a trend towards alternative energy.
Coal use falls to record low Updated.
NY teen to be sentenced in stabbing death, burning A Buffalo teenager is scheduled to be sentenced for his role in the death of a 16-year-old who was set on fire after being stabbed more than 50 times.
NY teen to be sentenced in stabbing death, burning.
Paolo Tiralongo of Italy won the seventh stage of the Giro d'Italia on Saturday, while Ryder Hesjedal replaced Adriano Malori as the overall leader to become the first Canadian to wear the pink jersey.
Paolo Tiralongo won the stage.
About 500 gun advocates rallied in Lewiston in northern Idaho in support of the Second Amendment.
About 500 gun advocates rallied in northern Idaho.
Kajola, a new movie, was premiered in Abuja last weekend and it attracted the cream of Nollywood and other prominent personalities.
Kajola, a new movie, was premiered in Abuja.
Gu Kailai, wife of a once powerful Chinese leader, Monday got a suspended death sentence for murder, ending a hugely important case in the country.
Gu Kailai got a suspended death sentence.
``There are many actors I'd like to work with. I think Aamir and Hrithik are great. And I'd love to work with Shah Rukh,'' said Chadha.
Aamir and Hrithik are great.
Overture Networks, a maker of high-speed networking equipment, announced today that it has raised $17.2 million in venture funding to help it take advantage of an expanding market for its products.
Overture Networks has raised $ 17.2 million.
The German cabinet Wednesday approved a draft bill on the European fiscal compact that seeks to improve budget discipline in the region, but the government will have to compromise on opposition demands for growth stimulus measures and a financial transaction tax to pass it through parliament because it needs a two-thirds majority there.
The German cabinet approved a draft bill on the fiscal compact.
As such, Denver Broncos safety Perrish Cox has pleaded not guilty to sexual assault charges this morning in a courtroom in Castle Rock, CO.
Denver Broncos safety Perrish Cox has pleaded not guilty to charges.
The spokesman FO, foreign secretary Abdul Basit has affirmed Pakistan subscribing to the goals of nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation.
Abdul Basit has affirmed Pakistan subscribing to the goals of nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation.
First Solar Inc. has sold its two largest solar power plants under development in California, a day after getting a final loan guarantee approval from the US Department of Energy.
First Solar Inc. has sold its two largest solar power plants.
Chinese President Hu Jintao arrived in the United States on Tuesday for a state visit with President Barack Obama that is aimed at strengthening ties between the world's two biggest economies.
Chinese President Hu Jintao arrived for a state visit.
Biolex Inc., a Pittsboro, NC-based drug company whose lead candidate focuses on hepatitis C, has raised $60 million in Series D funding.
Biolex Inc., has raised $ 60 million.
Worst Week actress Erinn Hayes and her husband Jack Hayes welcomed a daughter Wednesday.
Erinn Hayes welcomed a daughter.
CenTrak, a leading provider of Real-Time Locations Systems for tracking equipment and people indoors, recently introduced its new IT-740 Staff Badge, the world's thinnest hybrid active RFID tag currently on the market.
CenTrak introduced its Badge, the world's thinnest hybrid active RFID tag.
Garfield county commissioners are under fire for joining 11 counties in an oil shale meeting across state lines.
Garfield commissioners are under fire for joining in an oil shale meeting.
Iran's Air Force plans to hold a massive military maneuver in the near future with the purpose of countering possible threats against the Islamic Republic, a top Iranian commander says.
Iran's Air Force plans to hold a military maneuver.
Sweden-based Mobispine AB and PC-to-mobile messaging provider General Wireless have signed a definitive agreement under which Mobispine will acquire all General Wireless' shares in a stock transaction.
Mobispine will acquire all General Wireless ' shares.
49 year old ``Glee'' actress Jane Lynch married her long time girlfriend Dr. Lara Embry at Blue Heron restaurant in Massachusetts on 31st of May.
Actress Jane Lynch married her long time girlfriend.
A piece of Peru has been preserved thanks to a Somerville couple and The Trustees of Reservations land conservation group.
A piece of Peru has been preserved.
Jessica Simpson says motherhood is the most ``challenging'' thing she has ever experienced.
Motherhood is the most challenging thing Jessica Simpson has experienced.
Taoiseach Enda Kenny has ruled out a fire sale of State assets as a special unit assesses options for raising €2bn or more by privatising commercial semi-states.
Taoiseach Enda Kenny has ruled out a fire sale of State assets.
Unification with North Korea could damage South Korea's fiscal soundness, a report warned, suggesting that narrowing the income gap between the two should be the top priority.
Unification could damage South Korea's fiscal soundness.
2 found dead in area burned by out-of-control Colo. wildfire that destroyed 379 homesMore 2 found dead in area burned by out-of-control Colo. wildfire that destroyed 379 homesMore PALM SPRINGS, Calif. Former Jefferson Airplane drummer Joey Covington has died in a Palm Springs car crash.
Jefferson Airplane drummer Joey Covington has died.
Around 66 cloth merchants and their staff members on Monday donated blood to Lions Blood Bank in protest against the increase in Value Added Tax.
Around 66 cloth merchants donated blood.
Williams chairman Adam Parr has resigned and will leave the Formula One team later this week, it was announced on Monday.
Williams chairman Adam Parr has resigned.
Generous Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have donated $2 million to the African wildlife sanctuary where they spent Christmas with their kids.
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have donated $ 2 million to the African wildlife sanctuary.
A NASA astronaut has been injured in a bicycle accident, an injury that could change his duties on space shuttle Discovery, NASA admitted in a statement.
A NASA astronaut has been injured in a bicycle accident.
Denver Broncos quarterback Tim Tebow and rookie linebacker Von Miller have both been nominated for weekly awards on NFL.com.
Tim Tebow and Von Miller have been nominated for weekly awards.
Gov. Robert Bentley has awarded two grants totaling nearly $700,000 to improve living conditions in Montgomery and Autauga counties.
Robert Bentley has awarded two grants to improve living conditions in Montgomery and Autauga counties.
Long Beach is giving away the final pieces of its beloved boardwalk, which was destroyed by superstorm Sandy, outside City Hall.
Long Beach is giving away the pieces of its boardwalk.
Niners safety Taylor Mays just met with the media after practice and addressed the trade talk surrounding him for the first time.
Taylor Mays met and addressed the trade talk.
DALLAS -The Dallas Stars have signed former Yale forward Sean Backman to a one-year contract.
Dallas Stars have signed former Yale Sean Backman.
Hillary Clinton said in reaction to the news: ``Wait, wait.
Hillary Clinton said : Wait, wait.
Tips on what to eat throughout the day to feel satisfied instead of snacking on empty calories.
Tips on what to eat throughout the day to feel satisfied.
Not in reality, but on camera, Kim Kardashian is reportedly a BITCH!
Kim Kardashian is a BITCH.
Several foreign and joint chambers on Saturday in a rare move unanimously made a call to end political violence in Bangladesh and urged major parties to resolve their problems for the sake of trade and investment.
Chambers made a call to end political violence.
Alberto Contador has called for zero tolerance to doping in cycling, as he spoke to French television from the Team Saxo-Tinkoff training camp, according to Cyclism'Actu.
Alberto Contador has called for zero tolerance to doping in cycling.
A former Chicago Sun-Times sports columnist, and controversy-bringer, Jay Mariotti, has now been charged with three felonies by police.
A former Chicago Sun-Times columnist Jay Mariotti, has been charged with three felonies.
Silvio Berlusconi, the embattled Italian Prime Minister, said yesterday that he was considering addressing parliament to explain his friendship with Noemi Letizia, the aspiring teenage model at the centre of his public divorce row.
The Prime Minister was considering addressing parliament to explain his friendship with Noemi Letizia.
Lake levels continue to decline, despite a nearly steady rain that is expected to continue throughout the week.
Lake levels continue to decline, despite a rain.
Technology is increasingly a key driver of equity returns in Europe and across the globe, industry experts have claimed.
Technology is a key driver of equity returns.
Rapper Kid Cudi has pled guilty to a misdemeanor drug possession charge, and has gotten off lightly, reports TMZ.
Kid Cudi has pled guilty to a drug possession charge.
Nintendo President Satoru Iwata admits that some finished 3DS games are being 'intentionally delayed,' but which ones?
Some 3DS games are being intentionally delayed.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe on Monday took the second major step towards forming a Cabinet when he swore in the country's two Vice-Presidents at State House.
Robert Mugabe swore in the country's two Vice-Presidents.
Music maestro AR Rahman after receiving the coveted Golden Globe award for best original music score for Slumdog Millionaire returned home in the early hours on Thursday to a rousing welcome of his fans and well wishers.
AR Rahman returned home to a rousing welcome.
A Rosa Parks statue was unveiled at the US Capitol on Wednesday.
A Rosa Parks statue was unveiled at the Capitol.
Wintrust Financial Corporation announced today it has received the proceeds from the $250 million investment in Wintrust by the US Treasury Department.
Wintrust Financial Corporation announced it has received the proceeds from the $ 250 million investment by the US Treasury Department.
New Delhi, March 29 Terming as a sensitive issue General VK Singh's leaked communication to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh highlighting gaps in defence preparedness and his allegations of being offered bribe, the Congress Thursday said the army chief should not have gone to the media over it.
The army chief should not have gone to the media.
A higher percentage of homes is posted for foreclosure than 10 years ago, despite a significant growth in the number of homes built and sold in recent years.
A higher percentage of homes is posted for foreclosure.
A teenager is in serious condition in hospital this afternoon, after being hit by a car.
A teenager is in condition in hospital, after being hit by a car.
Honeywell has completed its acquisition of EMS Technologies, Inc., for approximately $491 million.
Honeywell has completed its acquisition of EMS Technologies, Inc..
Ajmal Kasab today pleaded ``not guilty'' to 86 charges, including that of waging war against India, as the November 26 terror attack trial got off the ground.
Ajmal Kasab today pleaded not guilty to 86 charges.
BC Premier Gordon Campbell mixed the old with the new Monday as he shuffled his cabinet, naming the team that will likely take him into the next provincial election less than a year away.
BC Premier Gordon Campbell mixed as he shuffled, naming the team that will take into the next election.
Higher test scores, higher state accountability ratings, improved teacher morale, and lower teacher turnover prove that students are benefiting from teacher incentive pay in Texas.
Students are benefiting from teacher incentive pay.
Minister doesn't know visa abuse extent Updated: 12:31, Wednesday March 6, 2013 Immigration Minister, Brendan O'Connor, has rejected expert assessment that suggests only three per cent of temporary worker visas are questionable.
Minister doesn't know visa abuse extent has rejected.
A local marijuana grower took a plea agreement just as his trial was set to begin Wednesday.
A marijuana grower took a plea agreement just his trial was set to begin.
Former ``Saturday Night Live'' star Amy Poehler returned to co-host the satirical news segment ``Weekend Update'' for the show's star-studded season finale.
Amy Poehler returned to co-host the segment Weekend Update.
Hollywood actress Reese Witherspoon was hit by a car driven by an 84-year-old women yesterday afternoon while going for a jog in Los Angles.
Reese Witherspoon was hit by a car.
Mooy, 20, was one of the mystery trialists who played in Tuesday's 2-1 closed doors friendly defeat at home to Kilmarnock.
Mooy was one.
A WOMAN found dead with multiple stab wounds was a mum-of-two, it emerged today.
A WOMAN found dead with multiple stab wounds.
Famous Bengali director and actor Rituparno Ghosh died at 49 following a cardiac arrest at Kolkata today morning at 7.30 am.
Rituparno Ghosh died at 49 following a cardiac arrest.
US Rep. Bobby Rush was recovering at home Sunday after undergoing surgery recently to remove a cancerous tumor from his salivary gland.
Bobby Rush was recovering at home after undergoing surgery to remove a cancerous tumor.
Best Buy in Boulder was briefly evacuated Tuesday morning on a report of a gas leak.
Best Buy in Boulder was evacuated on a report of a gas leak.
A-Rod, of all people, wants people to have some perspective when it comes to LBJ, and says winning a title is by no means a guarantee no matter how great the player: ``New York Yankees star Alex Rodriguez says fans should get off LeBron James's back over his failure to lead the Miami Heat to the NBA title. 'Winning a championship is not an easy thing to do regardless of talent,' Rodriguez said. 'LeBron is a once in a lifetime player, especially the last year.' Rodriguez asked for patience in judging James. 'We need to remember this kid is 26 years old, and celebrate his talent,' Rodriguez said. If anybody knows the public beating James is taking for the Heat not winning, it is Rodriguez ... Rodriguez said the Heat not winning should not take anything away from Dallas. 'Let's not take the Mavericks as an afterthought,' said Rodriguez, who lives in Miami and played in Arlington, a suburb of Dallas. 'They did everything they had to do to raise a championship.''' It is wild he's still only 26.
LeBron is. Rodriguez asked for patience, it is.
Housing starts fell 11 per cent last month in Canada as falling sales for existing homes weakened demand for new construction, Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation said Monday.
Housing starts fell 11 per cent.
A major Midwest snowstorm is expected to clip parts of southern Michigan as it moves past the state, bringing up to 8 inches of snow.
A Midwest snowstorm is expected to clip parts of Michigan.
Jorge Lorenzo took pole in Portugal, followed by a swipe at Mario Simoncelli.
Jorge Lorenzo took pole in Portugal.
Australian actor Cate Blanchett has revealed that she wanted to play the part of Robin Hood rather than Maid Marion in the new Ridley Scott action blockbuster film.
Cate Blanchett wanted to play the part of Robin Hood.
BT Vision launches Bolly and Beyond, the UK's best value on demand service for South Asian films, TV, music and children's programmes.
BT Vision launches Bolly and Beyond.
The NBA has fined Nuggets forward Jordan Hamilton $25,000 for yelling profane language at a courtside fan in Tuesday night's 112-100 loss to the Clippers, according to the league.
The NBA has fined Nuggets Jordan Hamilton $ 25,000 for yelling at a fan.
Senator Hillary Clinton claimed victory in the Indiana presidential primary even though most major US television networks had yet to project a winner late Tuesday in a race that has grown tighter throughout the night.
Hillary Clinton claimed victory in the Indiana primary.
``Any disaster is major when it happens to you,'' retired circuit Judge William Jennings said Thursday, as the Daniel Boone Chapter of the American Red Cross kicked off the public phase of its annual ``Heroes'' fundraising campaign.
Any disaster is major when it happens.
A girl receives treatment for cholera at a cholera treatment centre run by humanitarian organisation Medecins Sans Frontieres, or Doctors Without Borders, in Port-au-Prince August 31, 2012.
A girl receives treatment at a cholera treatment centre run by organisation Medecins Sans Frontieres in Port-au-Prince August 31, 2012.
Liberal Conspiracy blogger Sunny Hundal on how he uses Twitter, Facebook, and the blog in different ways
Blogger Sunny Hundal on he uses Twitter, Facebook, and the blog in different ways.
Two suspects in Thursday morning's attempted burglary on Mountain Home Loop Road have been formally charged.
Two suspects have been formally charged.
Swedish death metallers SOILWORK will enter the studio in January 2010.
SOILWORK will enter the studio.
All major supermarkets have responded positively to the traceability challenge set by NFU Scotland last week on imported pork.
All supermarkets have responded to the traceability challenge set on imported pork.
Major League Baseball website MLB.com has selected fibre-based communications services provider Level 3 Communications to augment CDN services in support of its live and on-demand online streaming.
MLB.com has selected Level 3 Communications to augment CDN services.
ENGLAND will play three of their 2015 Rugby World Cup pool matches at Twickenham, including the opening game against likely Oceania qualifiers Fiji.
ENGLAND will play three at Twickenham.
Luis Suarez bit an opponent's arm, then scored on a header in the seventh minute of second-half stoppage time Sunday to give Liverpool a 2-2 tie against Chelsea in the Premier League.
Luis Suarez bit an opponent's arm, then scored.
OUTSPOKEN RADIO host turned self-help author, Steve Harvey believes that men and women can't just be friends.
Steve Harvey believes men and women can't be friends.
A Somerville man is killed Thursday afternoon in a single vehicle accident in Burleson County.
A Somerville man is killed in a single vehicle accident.
A 54-year-old Mechanicsburg man was attacked outside his own garage by an unknown, knife-wielding man at 3:30 pm Jan. 25 in the 200 block of East Main Street in Mechanicsburg.
A Mechanicsburg man was attacked outside his garage.
Investors Real Estate Trust, a real estate investment trust with a diversified portfolio of multi-family residential and commercial office, medical, industrial and retail properties located primarily in the upper Midwest, today announced the pricing of its public offering of 3,000,000 common shares of beneficial interest at $8.70 per share.
Investors Real Estate Trust today announced the pricing of its public offering of 3,000,000 common shares of beneficial interest.
North Korea has started fuelling a long-rang rocket, preparing it for launch, CNN reported Wednesday, quoting a US military official.
North Korea has started fuelling a rocket.
It's a guilded cage for sure, but she's a prisoner.
It 's, but she's a prisoner.
Bangalore escorts -- 0091-9899572950, female escorts in bangalore ,call girls in bangalore ,sex in bangalore,escort service in bangalore, bangalore escorts.bangalore escorts -- 0091-9899572950, female escorts in bangalore ,call girls in bangalore ,sex in bangalore,escort service in bangalore, bangalore escorts.
Bangalore escorts -- 0091 9899572950, female escorts in bangalore, call girls in bangalore.
The Dallas Cowboys vs. Pittsburgh Steelers betting odds opened at Steelers -3.
The Dallas Cowboys vs. Pittsburgh Steelers betting odds opened.
Thousand Islands scored five unanswered goals to defeat Federal Hockey League foe Danville, 5-2, on Thursday.
Thousand Islands scored to defeat Danville, 5 2.
TRAIN services between Three Bridges and Haywards Heath are back to normal after line problems at Balcombe this morning.
TRAIN services are back to normal.
Actor Russell Brand turned himself in Thursday afternoon to New Orleans police after an arrest warrant was issued for him on a charge of simple criminal damage to property valued at $700, authorities said.
Actor Russell Brand turned himself to police.
A steady decline in layoffs is giving the vast majority of adults who have jobs the confidence to spend more freely and help energize the economy.
Who have jobs the confidence to spend more freely.
A former Pittsburgh news anchor has been arrested in California for failing to serve drunken driving sentences in two western Pennsylvania cases.
A former Pittsburgh anchor has been arrested in California.
Ill. Democratic Senator Dick Durbin says he won't be holding town hall style meetings on healthcare reform in Illinois.
Dick Durbin won't be holding town hall style meetings.
British airports operator BAA said on Wednesday it was putting its London Gatwick airport up for sale, but would resist regulatory pressure to sell other parts of its portfolio.
BAA was putting its London Gatwick airport up for sale.
Paychex Inc. said Wednesday afternoon that earnings rose 7% for its third fiscal quarter, with results coming in slightly higher than Wall Street's estimates for the period.
Paychex Inc. said earnings rose 7% for its third fiscal quarter.
A 22-year-old youth, arrested on suspicion, on died in police custody in Rajasthan's Pali district following which administration suspended six policemen, including the SHO of Guda Endla police station.
A youth died in police custody.
The SFA has called for a new, dynamic approach to creating jobs and said the Government must do more to improve consumer confidence.
The SFA has called for a, dynamic approach.
``I would like to stay at Chelsea, as long as possible,'' Cech told the Dnes newspaper.
I would like to stay at Chelsea.
Industry, Investment and Commerce Minister, Karl Samuda, has said that the Ministry is ready to facilitate activities in the local scrap metal industry, based on certain objectives which have been met.
The Ministry is ready to facilitate activities in the scrap metal industry.
Macedonia will not impose visas on Albania after the liberalization of visa regime, Macedonian Makfax agency informs.
Macedonia will not impose visas on Albania.
Online search giant Google posted sharply higher revenue and profits Thursday and said it experienced especially strong growth in emerging businesses like mobile advertising.
Google posted higher revenue and profits.
``I don't take myself seriously. Critics often criticise me personally and my films. Media sometimes misinterpret my statement but I have always taken them positively. Rather, I find them too amusing. I say something about somebody on some context. I never intend to land in a controversy,'' said Sonam, who was in the Capital to launch film-critic Anna MM Vetticad's book ``The Adventures of an Intrepid Film Critc''.
I don't take seriously I never intend.
Two police station commanders in northwest China were suspended yesterday for accepting gift money on the occasion of the station's move to a new building last month.
Two police station commanders were suspended for accepting gift money.
The Veronicas have cracked the US Top 20 with their hit single Untouched, which is at 17 this week.
The Veronicas have cracked the US Top 20.
American businessmen prefer transparency, predictability and a reliable court system over land ownership when they invest in the Philippines.
American businessmen prefer transparency.
Instead of being in a school program, a 3-year-old Minneapolis child with special needs was left alone on a cold bus yesterday morning.The superintendent called the child's mother and said the boy was left on the bus alone for two and a half hours by himself.According to reports, the bus driver went on her lunch break and didn't check the bus at all.The mother said her son was not hurt physically but is very afraid to be left alone.Benjamin Bus President says the bus driver is responsible and they will determine her employment status when their investigation is complete.
A child with special needs was left alone on a bus.
Sands China Ltd., the Asian unit of billionaire Sheldon Adelson's Las Vegas company, fell the most in more than two weeks in Hong Kong trading after first-quarter earnings missed market expectations.
Sands China Ltd. fell after earnings missed.
The down economy will only serve to fuel the growth of cybercrime, Microsoft warns.
The down economy will serve to fuel the growth of cybercrime.
Flowers Foods today reported results for its 12-week second quarter and 28-week first half ended July 17, 2010.
Flowers Foods today reported results for its second quarter and 28-week first half ended.
USC Coach Lane Kiffin kept his Wednesday post-practice press conference short... and sweet.
Lane Kiffin kept short.
The local cotton market remained under pressure amid high numbers of cotton arrivals, which resulted in decline in the spot rate by Rs100 per maund on Monday, a dealer said.
The cotton market remained under pressure.
Global pure-play foundry revenue is set to rise to $21.6 billion in 2010, up 21 percent from $17.8 billion in 2009.
Foundry revenue is set to rise in 2010.
Hindalco may go upto Rs 150, says Neera Jain of crnindia.com.
Hindalco may go upto Rs 150.
Negotiations between the Steelers and the agent for James Harrison continue, but neither side has found anything to their liking on a new deal, increasing the chances that the star outside linebacker could be released soon.
Negotiations between the Steelers for James Harrison continue.
Oracle will be acquiring Art Technology Group through a cash merger for $6.00 per share, or approximately $1 billion.
Oracle will be acquiring Art Technology Group.
Bill Cosby hates dumb TV parents, which probably means he's not particularly enamored by Family Guy.
Bill Cosby hates dumb TV parents.
Diamond jewellery brand Nakshatra has appointed popular actoress Katrina Kaif as its new brand ambassador.
Brand Nakshatra has appointed Katrina Kaif as its ambassador.
The Kansas Board of Regents wants lawmakers to rethink part of a bill that could allow guns on state university campuses.
A bill could allow guns on state university campuses.
New Asia Gold Corp is pleased to announce that it has agreed to acquire additional gold leases with proven and probable gold reserves in South America.
New Asia Gold Corp is pleased to announce it has agreed to acquire additional gold leases with proven gold reserves.
Former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty, a surrogate for Mitt Romney's presidential campaign and possible running mate short-lister, described the ideal vice president during an interview with HotAir's Ed Morrissey.
Tim Pawlenty described the ideal vice president.
Fruit importer and distributor Fyffes saw profits slump for the year but the group said that was still slightly ahead of target and market expectations.
Fyffes saw profits slump.
FORMER Miss Universe Australia and Channel 7 presenter Scherri-Lee Biggs set to shine at Saturday's Starry Starry Night gala ball.
Scherri-Lee Biggs set to shine at Saturday's Starry Starry Night gala ball.
SFU researcher Olena Hankivsky estimates that high school dropouts cost Canada's social and criminal justice systems more than $1.3 billion a year.
Dropouts cost more than $ 1.3 billion a year.
The country quartet Little Big Town, known for its smokin' smooth harmonies, has covered Maroon 5′s ``Moves Like Jagger'' for the latest installment of its online video series ``Scattered, Smothered \u0026 Covered.''
The quartet Little Big Town has covered ′ s Moves Like Jagger.
The University of Southern California, Los Angeles, has been assigned a patent developed by Thieo Hogen-Esch, Los Angeles, and Jingguo Shen, Los Angeles, for ``fluorocarbon mediated polymer blends and methods for making thereof.''
The University of Southern California has been assigned a patent.
A Libby man who's leading a group opposed to the Montanore Mine has pleaded not guilty to a felony forgery charge for allegedly depositing counterfeit checks to Glacier Bank in Kalispell.
A Libby man has pleaded not guilty to a forgery charge.
Official and unofficial data show a subdued New Zealand economy.
Data show a subdued New Zealand economy.
Barry O'Farrell and Andrew Stoner had a whirlwind visit to Parkes on Wednesday, spruiking their plans ahead of the March election to reinvigorate regional areas.
Barry O'Farrell had a visit to Parkes.
A 30-year-old Nunda man is charged with two counts of first-degree sex abuse and endangering the welfare of a child.
A man is charged with two counts of sex abuse and endangering the welfare of a child.
President Hu Jintao also took the time to meet several world leaders individually before the opening ceremony.
President Hu Jintao took to meet world leaders.
Singer Jennifer Hudson told chat show host Oprah Winfrey on Friday that music is her ``therapy'' after the murders of three of her relatives last year.
Music is her therapy.
How long will Sachin Tendulkar prolong his illustrious career may be a matter of speculation for experts and fans alike, but the champion batsman says he just ``wants to live in the moment'' and enjoy the game without thinking too much about retirement.
He just wants to live in the moment.
China shares were higher in early trade led by steelmakers following price hikes by leading producers, dealers said.
China shares were higher in early trade led by steelmakers.
A British soldier was killed in an explosion in southern Afghanistan today, the Ministry of Defence said.
A British soldier was killed in an explosion in southern Afghanistan.
``Britney wants her kids back,'' one insider reveals to OK!.
Britney wants her kids back.
Leeds United have extended the loan deals for goalkeeper Jason Brown and defender George McCartney.
Leeds United have extended the loan deals for Jason Brown and George McCartney.
Iran's Press TV has reported that a Turkish military convoy has crossed Syrian border and entered Jarabulus, a city north of Aleppo and only one and a half kilometres from the border in a region mainly inhabited by Kurds.
Iran's Press TV has reported a Turkish military convoy has crossed Syrian border.
Four robbers today barged into the house of a businessman in the national capital and decamped with cash and valuables totaling Rs 15 lakh after holding the family at gunpoint, police said.
Four robbers today barged and decamped with cash and valuables totaling Rs 15 lakh.
With countries in Europe bracing for possible terrorist attacks, Amtrak is planning a major security operation Friday.
Amtrak is planning a major security operation Friday.
A person with knowledge of the situation says the New York Mets have hired Terry Collins as their manager.
The New York Mets have hired Terry Collins as their manager.
Republican Herman Cain Saturday suspended his US presidential campaign, citing ``false accusations'' and saying politics is a ``dirty, dirty game.''
Herman Cain Saturday suspended his presidential campaign.
Dell Inc. defended its planned $24.4 billion leveraged buyout by founder Michael Dell as shareholder opposition to the deal grows, but emphasized the computer maker is actively soliciting alternative deals.
Dell Inc. defended its buyout as opposition grows.
Microsoft is reportedly preparing to reveal its Project Pink smartphones at a press event in San Francisco next week, ending months of speculation about the devices and marking a strategic shift for Microsoft.
Microsoft is preparing to reveal its Project Pink smartphones.
Former Director-General of the Ghana Health Service, Professor Agyeman Badu Akosa says politicians in the country do not seek after knowledge and as a result, the nation is churning out ``ignorant'' politicians.
Politicians do not seek and, the nation is churning out ignorant politicians.
The Shanghai World Expo 2010 attendance has broken the world record of the number of visitors attending the six month long mega expo.
The Shanghai World Expo 2010 attendance has broken the record.
The Empire State Building today unveiled a $2 million interactive, multi-media sustainability exhibit at the second floor visitor's center, which showcases a $20 million energy retrofit project that was announced in April 2009 with President Bill Clinton and New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg.
The Empire State Building today unveiled a interactive, multi-media sustainability exhibit.
Silverstein have announced European dates in support of their upcoming fourth album, A Shipwreck In The Sand.
Silverstein have announced European dates.
A 30 year old Dundalk man was found dead in Newry on Monday night, the PSNI confirmed.
A Dundalk man was found dead in Newry.
Pakistan Muslim League-Quaid President Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain on Wednesday wrote a letter to the Chief Election Commission Fakhruddin G Ebrahim and said that the behavior of all caretaker ministers was irresponsible.
The behavior of all caretaker ministers was irresponsible.
Eurozone inflation stayed negative for the third month in August, data released by the Eurostat confirmed Wednesday.
Eurozone inflation stayed negative for the third month in August.
VertexDSP has released version 2.2 of MultiInspector, a spectrum analyzer for detecting conflicting frequencies in a mix.
VertexDSP has released version 2.2 of MultiInspector.
A local man was sentenced to 11 months in prison after violating his probation from trafficking cocaine and marijuana charges.
A local man was sentenced to 11 months in prison.
Gunmen surrounded Libya's foreign ministry on Sunday calling ...more for a law banning officials who had worked for deposed dictator Muammar Gaddafi from senior positions in the new administration.
Gunmen surrounded Libya's foreign ministry.
Marilyn Manson collapsed on stage in Saskatoon, Canada on Wednesday night and sources in his camp say it was due to the flu.
Marilyn Manson collapsed on stage.
Health fears were on the rise in Zimbabwe as poachers began poisoning water holes in many of the country's biggest game-parks, killing dozens of animals, reports said Sunday.
Health fears were on the rise in Zimbabwe as poachers began poisoning water holes.
Britvic, the parent company of brands including Tango and Robinsons, has appointed former top Emap executive and former Coca-Cola executive Simon Stewart as its new marketing director.
Britvic has appointed as its marketing director.
ValueVision Media was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from an ``underperform'' rating to a ``neutral'' rating in a research note issued to investors on Thursday.
ValueVision Media was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to a neutral rating in a research note.
Toronto, May 24 Canada commander Col. Russell Williams has been charged with the murder of two females along with sexual assault on two other females.
Toronto, Canada commander Col. Russell Williams has been charged with the murder.
As was being speculated, Shaun Donovan has been selected by Barack Obama for the post of secretary of housing and urban development in the upcoming Obama cabinet.
Shaun Donovan has been selected for the post of secretary of housing and urban development.
Milk herders are miffed with unfair deal meted out by companies and want the Delhi Development Board to fix a minimum support price for their product.
Milk herders are miffed with unfair deal meted out by companies.
Dannii Minogue has signed a £1 million record deal with dance label Ministry of Sound, according to reports.
Dannii Minogue has signed a £ 1 million record deal.
Canadian researchers announced on Tuesday that the first and only preventative vaccine against HIV/AIDS showed no adverse effects in human clinical trials so far.
The vaccine against HIV / AIDS showed no adverse effects in human clinical trials.
Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh, who is set to return to Yemen on Friday.
Ali Abdullah Saleh is set to return to Yemen.
Police say a Draper man is accused of beating and killing his wife's dog with a broomstick.
A man is accused of beating and killing his wife's dog with a broomstick.
Hitchin Town's players and fans were treated to a training session with the FA Cup on the eve of their second qualifying round tie with Stanway Rovers.
Hitchin Town's players and fans were treated to a training session with the FA Cup.
Microsoft, Redmond, Wash., has been assigned a patent developed by Mehul Y. Shah, Redmond, Wash., and Himanshu Lal, Mercer Island, Wash., for an ``extensible framework for supporting different modes of payments.''
Microsoft, Redmond has been assigned a patent for an extensible framework for supporting different modes of payments.
South Korea's top automaker Hyundai Motor is recalling nearly 140,000 of its Sonata sedans in the US due to a steering problem, US authorities said.
Hyundai Motor is recalling nearly 140,000 of its Sonata sedans.
Spain on Tuesday gave its backing to the relaunched Israeli-Palestinian peace talks and called for an 'independent, democratic and viable' Palestinian state.
Spain gave and called for an independent, Palestinian state.
Pakistan and Afghan chambers of commerce and industry have agreed on an action plan for a joint chamber.
Pakistan and Afghan chambers have agreed on an action plan for a joint chamber.
A spectacular 2,000 year-old gold and silver hoard was uncovered in an archaeological excavation conducted by the Israel Antiquities Authority in the Qiryat Gat region.
A 2,000 year old gold and silver hoard was uncovered.
e-Builder announced it will expand its headquarters and add staff in Plantation as part of an incentives deal with the city and the state of Florida.
E-Builder will expand and add staff in Plantation.
Sevilla have won their fifth King's Cup.
Sevilla have won their King's Cup.
In a bid to keep the airline at cruising altitude, Russia's OAO Aeroflot said Tuesday it would buy out minority shareholder Alexander Lebedev after a turbulent relationship that had the billionaire owner of the London Evening Standard newspaper often criticizing the state-controlled company.
Russia's OAO Aeroflot would buy out Alexander Lebedev.
Martin O'Neill 'ain't afraid of no ghosts' as he says he won't worry about players sold recently coming back to haunt him!
Martin O'Neill ain't afraid of no ghosts.
Chris Campoli is expected to be out for months, Canadiens head coach Jacques Martin said on Saturday, as the defenceman's injury is much more severe than the team originally anticipated.
Chris Campoli is expected to be for months.
Colorado is a battleground state in this year's election, and the Western Slope is the battleground's battleground.
Colorado is a battleground state.
Preseason All-America Jacob Pullen scored 15 points to lead No. 3 Kansas State past Newman 83-56 on Tuesday night in an exhibition game.
Jacob Pullen scored to lead No. 3 Kansas State past Newman.
Open burning is prohibited until a sizable amount of moisture has fallen.
Open burning is prohibited.
The US Coast Guard is searching for a missing boater whose vessel was found abandoned near Soldier Key.
The US Coast Guard is searching for a missing boater.
In time for the start of the Olympics, a kind of academic Olympics has been conducted by one of China's largest universities and the results show University of Washington ranked 16th among 500 universities around the world.
University of Washington ranked 16th among 500 universities around the world.
The IDA has said it will create between 6,000 and 10,000 jobs this year, compared to 4,500 last year.
The IDA will create between 6,000 and 10,000 jobs.
Authorities say a fire in an off-campus duplex has killed two Emporia State University students.
A fire has killed two Emporia State University students.
Traders have welcomed proposals to regenerate Scunthorpe town centre with a new retail, residential and leisure scheme.
Traders have welcomed proposals to regenerate Scunthorpe town centre.
The chief executive officer of Microsoft has said the Vista operating system is ``a work in progress''.
The Vista system is a work in progress.
This video attempts to explain why women take so long in the shower.
Why women take so long in the shower.
MILAN -Tottenham Hotspur deservedly beat AC Milan 1-0 at the San Siro on Tuesday after a performance that was slick in attack and determined in defense.
Tottenham Hotspur beat AC Milan 1 0 at the San Siro.
LOS ANGELES \u003e\u003e Gary Ross says he won't direct ``Catching Fire,'' the second installment in Lionsgate's blockbuster ``The Hunger Games'' franchise.
Gary Ross says he won't direct Catching Fire.
Young People First, a Mobilize.org Democracy 2.0 Award Winner, has launched an exciting project that empowers young people to identify what issues are most important to the future of our country.
Issues are most important.
A WOMAN who claimed that she had been sexually assaulted in Rayleigh has now admitted wasting police time.
A WOMAN has admitted wasting police time.
``All men are jerks,'' she sighed wistfully -- albeit through clenched teeth.
All men are jerks.
A Boiling Springs teen has died shortly after he was shot at a Spartanburg convenience store.
A teen has died after he was shot at a Spartanburg convenience store.
Prince Philip has been visited in hospital by the Queen after undergoing a heart op yesterday.
Prince Philip has been visited by the Queen after undergoing a heart op.
WINDHOEK â€`` Namdeb on Tuesday through its corporate social responsibility programme donated redundant components and equipment, valued at N$372 440, to Namibia Institute of Mining Technology's Southern Campus at Keetmanshoop in the Karas Region.
Namdeb donated redundant components and equipment.
Seven foreign hostages, including a child, have been found murdered in northern Yemen, security officials said on Monday, the first time in a decade that such a kidnapping has resulted in deaths.
Seven foreign hostages have been found murdered in Yemen.
VIVOTEK is going green and eliminating power adapters for network cameras that are PoE compliant.
VIVOTEK is going green.
Singer Kylie Minogue has admitted that she fancies girls but has never actually done anything with women.
Kylie Minogue fancies girls but has never done anything with women.
The Reserve Bank has cut official interest rates for the first time since April 2009.
The Reserve Bank has cut rates.
Crack autodesk 3ds max 2009: content individual that uses itself, highlighting its design context, on to another warranty, to lie no. Crack autodesk 3ds max 2009: as a tool death, it is popular of following the philosophy's system group, and seeking its red polysulphide disadvantage in item to download new tasks.
Crack autodesk 3ds max 2009.
The recent riots cost budget hotel chain Travelodge £1 million after it received more cancellations than bookings in the two weeks surrounding the mayhem.
The riots cost Travelodge £ 1 million.
Trade Minister Mari Elka Pangestu said that Indonesia`s export performance was improving following the increase in commodity prices and in demand for Indonesian commodities overseas.
Indonesia`s export performance was improving.
A new association to promote bioenergy generation in California is being launched today in Sacramento.
A association to promote bioenergy generation is being launched in Sacramento.
A Texas couple has just won a $3 million mesothelioma settlement from their mesothelioma lawsuit that they filed last year.
A Texas couple has won a mesothelioma settlement.
TWO men were arrested after a fight in Eastgate, Pickering, on the A170.
TWO men were arrested after a fight.
``The Sunday Times is directed to apologise to Byleveld for unfairly insinuating in the headline and the intro that he may have been aware of the fact that he had accepted a gift from someone who was under investigation for being part of the notorious Rolex Gang,'' said Retief.
The Sunday Times is directed to apologise to Byleveld.
Goodman Fielder narrowed its full-year losses thanks to an ongoing restructuring programme and improving Asia Pacific sales, but the firm's balance sheet continued to wear the effects of its underperforming baking business.
Goodman Fielder narrowed its losses.
Clint Dempsey will be the US captain for upcoming World Cup qualifiers against Costa Rica and Mexico.
Clint Dempsey will be the US captain for World Cup qualifiers.
For his newest music video, Seal and his beautiful wife Heidi Klum get naked in bed.
Heidi Klum get naked in bed.
Former DC Councilmember Harry Thomas Jr. pleaded guilty in federal court on Friday morning.
Former DC Councilmember Harry Thomas Jr. pleaded guilty.
A Trafford man was arrested Saturday night and charged with murder and attempted murder after he reportedly lured the two people into his home.
A Trafford man was arrested and charged with murder and attempted murder.
Spectra Energy Corp. it signed binding agreements to expand two of its major pipelines projects, saying the proposed pipeline would be capable of transporting up to 800 million cubic feet per day of new natural gas supplies.
Spectra Energy Corp. it signed agreements to expand two of its pipelines projects.
WTI oil leaps on surge in manufacturing Updated: 06:53, Wednesday May 2, 2012 Oil prices have leapt in New York after an unexpected surge in US manufacturing activity signalled strength in the recovery in the world's largest economy.
WTI oil leaps on surge in manufacturing signalled.
The President stressed, Ghanaians should be prepared to pay more if they want reliable energy.
Ghanaians should be prepared to pay more if they want reliable energy.
Russia may go to court to protect its interests over gas deals with Ukraine, the presidential spokeswoman Natalia Timakova stated on Saturday.
Russia may go to court to protect over gas deals with Ukraine.
Network and application performance analysis solution provider WildPackets Inc. has added new voice features to its OmniPeek Distributed Analysis Suite.
WildPackets Inc. has added new voice features.
You may not be ``Pro-Israel'' if you think that ``East Jerusalem'' is anything but a myth created to wrench Jerusalem away from Israel.
You may not be Pro-Israel.
President Obama was jeered and heckled at a Democratic fundraiser at the Roosevelt Hotel in New York City on Wednesday by gay rights activists who want more funding for AIDS programs and angry over the recent failure of the Don't Ask Don't Tell repeal.
President Obama was jeered and heckled by gay rights activists.
A vacant house fire that occurred late Tuesday at 815 South Paul Lawrence Dunbar Avenue was ruled an arson, according to Dayton District Fire Chief Mark Whisman.
A vacant house fire was ruled an arson.
National news Peer denies lobbying rules breach A peer has denied breaching parliamentary rules as the Westminster lobbying controversy extended to the House of Lords.
National news Peer denies lobbying rules breach.
A new state law mandates scooter riders register their vehicles, pay insurance and wear helmets.
A state law mandates scooter riders register, and wear helmets.
An Indonesian volcano has erupted, spewing rocks, lava and ash hundreds of metres into the air, just days after the country's alert status was raised to the highest level.
An Indonesian volcano has erupted, spewing rocks, lava.
Luzerne County Commissioner Stephen Urban agreed to be a target in a dunk tank at a block party at Kirby Park to raise money for Wyoming Valley Drugs and Alcohol Services, said event organizer Darlene Duggins.
Stephen Urban agreed to be in a dunk tank at a block party.
Several local churches have teamed up to help feed hungry kids this summer in Vinton.
Churches have teamed up to help feed hungry kids.
(ClickPress, Wed Jun 08 2011) Molton Brown has announced the launch of the new re-charge black pepper anti-perspirant stick, a welcome addition to the brand's most popular men's collection.
Molton Brown has announced the launch of the re-charge black pepper anti-perspirant stick.
Cricketer Vinod Kambli entered the Bigg Boss house on Friday as wild card contestants.
Vinod Kambli entered the Bigg Boss house.
Uttarkashi , Apr 26 Critising the UPA government for inflation, corruption and terrorism, Uttarakhand Chief Minister BC Khanduri today said a party with national perspective should come in power after the elections.
A party with national perspective should come in power.
Even though fortification and strengthening of security of prisons have become necessary in view of the over all law and order situation, the State Government has failed to utilise central funds in this regard fully.
The State Government has failed to utilise central funds.
- A fire truck has been involved in a crash in Boston, Massachusetts.
A fire truck has been involved in a crash in Boston.
Internet company AOL is buying news hub Huffington Post in a $315 million deal that represents a bold bet on the future of online news.
AOL is buying Huffington Post in a $ 315 million deal.
Standard \u0026 Poor's lowered its outlook for Caesars Entertainment Wednesday, citing the casino's weaker-than-expected operating performance.
Standard \u0026 Poor lowered its outlook for Caesars Entertainment.
John Longworth, Director General at the British Chambers of Commerce, has said that there is a long road back to restoring business confidence in banks.
There is a long road back to restoring business confidence in banks.
A DEVIOUS daughter who stole her mother's savings then faked a burglary at their home was jailed by a judge who blasted her ``dreadful betrayal''.
A daughter who stole her mother's savings faked was jailed.
Lebanon's Cabinet on Monday ``unanimously'' approved its draft policy statement after nearly three weeks of extensive debates.
Lebanon's Cabinet unanimously approved its draft policy statement.
Kerala Chief Minister VS Achuthanandan on wednesday condemned the attack on journalists of Manorama News in Kottayam ealier in the day.
VS Achuthanandan condemned the attack on journalists of Manorama News in Kottayam.
The Conference Board of Canada says Canadian corporate profits are expected to weaken over the next six months.
Canadian corporate profits are expected to weaken.
Almost a third of Britons think 2010 has been one of the worst years of their lives, according to an annual survey of the nation's happiness.
Almost a third of Britons think 2010 has been one of the worst years of their lives.
Facebook has added civil unions and domestic partnerships to the list of relationships that its users can pick from to best describe their romantic status.
Facebook has added civil unions to the list of relationships.
Tim McGraw, currently in the midst of his Emotional Traffic tour, has broken his foot.
Tim McGraw has broken his foot.
The European Union Naval Force says private security guards aboard a merchant ship off the coast of east Africa fired on and killed a Somali pirate after a group of pirates attacked their vessel.
Private guards fired and killed a Somali pirate.
Today presenter Edward Stourton has made his peace with BBC bosses after being dropped from the Radio 4 programme.
Edward Stourton has made his peace with BBC bosses.
Who wins American Idol 2013 when Kree Harrison and Candice Glover go head to head?
Who wins American Idol 2013.
New Chiefs recruit Sonny Bill Williams is staying non-committal about what the sporting future holds for him beyond his present one-year contract with the New Zealand Rugby Union.
Sonny Bill Williams is staying non-committal.
President Barack Obama lost more than 36,000 Twitter followers in one day recently.
Barack Obama lost more than 36,000 Twitter followers in one day.
He's the guy who thinks he's Jesus Christ and is exceptionally gifted at both magic and pre- and post-magic publicity - is coming back.
He's - is coming back.
September 09, 2009, - Nicole Richie has given birth to a baby boy in the early hours of this morning, at Cedars Sinai Medical Center Los Angeles.
Nicole Richie has given birth to a baby boy.
Some steam left in Punj Lloyd, says Prakash Diwan, Head-Institutional Business, Networth Stock Broking.
Some steam left in Punj Lloyd.
The Bank of Japan cut interest rates for the first time in seven years, lowering its key rate to 0.30 per cent from 0.50 per cent amid rising concerns about Japan's growth outlook.
The Bank of Japan cut interest rates.
X Factor viewers in America will get to vote using Twitter and Facebook as the show's live finals continue next week.
X Factor viewers will get to vote using Twitter and Facebook.
A study from the University of Texas School of Public Health suggests a common flame retardant is found in peanut butter and other fat-rich foods.
A flame retardant is found in peanut butter.
Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney, on the campaign trail in Michigan Tuesday, said he isn't willing to ``light my hair on fire'' to court conservatives.
Mitt Romney isn't willing to light my hair on fire to court conservatives.
Gujrat, Feb 8 Pakistani nuclear scientist AQ Khan has been released from house arrest under an agreement with the government, Federal Minister for Defence Chaudhary Ahmed Mukhtar has said.
AQ Khan has been released under an agreement, Minister has said.
A former UB student was sentenced Monday for assaulting a fellow student.
A former student was sentenced for assaulting.
Three Spanish aid workers were kidnapped in Mauritania on Sunday, officials said of an attack that will heighten security fears in the West African desert republic where al Qaeda-linked gunmen operate.
Three Spanish aid workers were kidnapped in Mauritania.
Prime Minister Lawrence Gonzi yesterday accused Opposition Leader Joseph Muscat of breaching the national consensus on immigration and pointed out that diplomatic incidents with Italy started after Dr Muscat spoke of Italy's position in parliament.
Lawrence Gonzi yesterday accused Joseph Muscat of breaching the national consensus on immigration.
A severe weather warning has been issued for Cumbria today with parts of the county on flood alert.
A severe weather warning has been issued for Cumbria.
Serial killer Arthur Shawcross, who was serving life in prison for strangling 11 women in the Rochester area, has died at 63.
Serial killer Arthur Shawcross has died.
From a time that has become etched in the collective memory of South Africa, comes a moving story of love; courage; and devotion, When We Were Black.
A story, When We Were Black.
It has been reported that former Sex and the City star Cynthia Nixon is set to play poet Emily Dickinson in a new film, A Quiet Passion, by director Terence Davies.
Cynthia Nixon is set to play Emily Dickinson.
Model Cindy Crawford says she is scared of plastic surgery.
Cindy Crawford is scared of plastic surgery.
-Kate Winslet needed to be told to have a good cry following her split from husband Sam Mendes.
Kate Winslet needed to be told to have a good cry following her split.
NASA is hosting a Tweetup at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida.
NASA is hosting a Tweetup.
Taipei, Aug. 29 Consumer confidence in Taiwan hit a record high in August, driven by expectations that the job market will gain strength over the next six months, a university survey showed Monday.
Taipei, Consumer confidence hit a record high in August.
David Schwimmer, 43, announced his engagement to long-time girlfriend Zoe Buckman whom he met while directing Run Fatboy Run in London last 2007.
David Schwimmer announced his engagement he met.
A new student center that's already open will be dedicated Friday at the University of South Dakota in Vermillion.
A student center will be dedicated.
Yankees closer Mariano Rivera had surgery on his right shoulder and is expected to resume throwing in three months, a month ahead of spring training.
Mariano Rivera had surgery.
Fort Pierce police said a man broke into a shipping store late Wednesday night, stealing about $1,000 worth of postage stamps.
A man broke into a shipping store, stealing about $ of stamps.
Jordan Nolan of Garden River First Nation hoists the Stanley Cup in the dressing room following Game 6 of the NHL Stanley Cup Final, where the Los Angeles Kings won 6-1 to eliminate the New Jersey Devils and become the Stanley Cup Champions.
Jordan Nolan of Garden River First Nation hoists the Stanley Cup.
Broadway's longest running hit, The Phantom of the Opera, hit 10,000 performances this past Saturday.
The Phantom of the Opera, hit 10,000 performances.
Safety chiefs launched a probe into a salmonella outbreak linked to duck eggs, it emerged today.
Chiefs launched a probe into a salmonella outbreak linked to duck eggs.
GLASGOW, Scotland -Celtic scored a goal in each half Saturday to beat Hamilton 2-0 and keep the pressure on Rangers at the top of the Scottish Premier League.
Celtic scored in each half to beat Hamilton 2 0.
As reported by Channel 4 and confirmed by the Iranian Embassy in London, 43-year-old Sakineh Mohammadi-Ashtiani will not be stoned to death after an international campaign to save her was launched.
Sakineh Mohammadi-Ashtiani will not be stoned to death.
Actress Dipa Shah, who's last outing in Kollywood was Yuddham Sei, is back in debutant director Ravi's Silu Sillunu Oru Sandhippu, opposite Vimal.
Dipa Shah, was, is back.
Bombs targeted Iraqi Christians and Shiite Muslims on Wednesday, killing at least nine people and wounding four dozen before coinciding religious observances that will take place under heavy guard.
Bombs targeted Iraqi Christians and Shiite Muslims.
Yahoo Inc. was upgraded to buy from hold on Tuesday by analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald, who said they believe the firm has stabilized its underlying operations.
Yahoo Inc. was upgraded to buy from hold.
Pakistan has urged the UN to step up its worldwide efforts to promote tolerance and intercultural understanding in a bid to overcome disagreements between societies, religions and cultures.
Pakistan has urged the UN to step up its efforts to promote tolerance and intercultural understanding.
Maruti Suzuki , India's largest car maker, will resume production at its troubled Manesar plant in Haryana on Sunday, the company said in a statement after strikes ended at a key supplier.
Maruti Suzuki will resume production at its plant on Sunday.
European stocks climbed for the first time in four days amid increasing takeover activity and as investors awaited more information on whether Ireland will seek assistance to deal with its debt burden.
European stocks climbed amid takeover activity.
Tillman was named the NFC defensive player of the week on Wednesday after setting a Bears record with his eighth career defensive touchdown in Sunday's 41-3 romp past the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Tillman was named the NFC defensive player of the week.
As many as 23 people were killed in different road accidents in Bangladesh on Wednesday, with the major crash killing 16 passengers when their bus rammed into a truck in south-western Bagerhat.
As many as 23 people were killed in different road accidents in Bangladesh.
A man died of a bacterial infection more than two weeks after being seriously assaulted in west Auckland.
A man died of a infection after being assaulted.
AC Transit is facing a projected $57 million deficit after cuts in the state budget and significant reductions in sales and property tax receipts, and will cut at least 15 percent of its bus service, transit officials said.
AC Transit is facing, and will cut at least 15 percent of its bus service.
A rare wildcat spotted on a Scottish island could have swum there, an expert has said.
A wildcat spotted on a island could have swum.
and Saints coach Mick Potter will be hoping green is his lucky colour after the Challenge Cup champions unveiled their snazzy new away kit for Super League XIV.
Green is his colour.
Northern Indiana police say a foundry worker died over the weekend when an industrial furnace fell on him as he was working on it.
A worker died when an furnace fell.
An air search for a missing Chautauqua County man led to the discovery of a body off Route 62 in the Town of Kaintone Friday morning.
An search for a missing man led to the discovery of a body.
Former heavyweight contender Ron Lyle, who fought Muhammad Ali for the title in 1975 and later battled George Foreman, has died in Denver at age 70.
Former heavyweight contender Ron Lyle has died at age 70.
The Honolulu Advertiser said Wednesday that it plans to cut 54 positions because of lagging adverting revenue and a weakening local economy.
The Honolulu Advertiser plans to cut 54 positions.
Rep. Dennis Cardoza plans to move one of his district offices to a government-owned building following the assassination attempt on Rep. Gabrielle Giffords in Tucson.
Rep. Dennis Cardoza plans to move one of his offices.
Baku, Sept 25 India is keen to have energy cooperation with oil-rich Azerbaijan, a senior Indian diplomat has said, as the two countries held talks to strengthen bilateral ties in the political, trade, economic, and cultural fileds.
Baku, Sept 25 India is keen to have energy cooperation with Azerbaijan.
Will Arnett and Amy Poehler were dressed to the nines on the Emmy red carpet in LA today.
Will Arnett and Amy Poehler were dressed.
Neon Hitch has announced a month-long US gay club tour that will begin July 28th in San Francisco and end in Seattle on August 20th Growing up travelling the world as a trapeze artist and street performer, Neon is a natural performer able to transform her live shows into all-out dance parties.
Neon Hitch has announced a gay club tour, Neon is.
Jonathan Sexton kicked seven penalties to steer Leinster to a deserved victory over Munster.
Jonathan Sexton kicked to steer Leinster to a victory over Munster.
Postmedia Network Canada Corp. has filed its final non-offering prospectus to become a reporting issuer in each of the provinces of Canada, except Québec.
Postmedia Network Canada Corp. has filed its final non-offering prospectus.
MIAMI ' The National Hurricane Center says Nate has weakened to tropical depression with 35 mph winds as it moves further inland over Mexico.
Nate has weakened to tropical depression as MIAMI ' The National Hurricane Center moves over Mexico.
The Oscar ceremony next year will be sans Seth MacFarlane because he says no thank you to hosting the Oscars again.
The Oscar ceremony will be because Seth MacFarlane says no thank.
Realtor Malcolm Hasman confirmed the penthouse above the Fairmont Pacific Rim Vancouver went for the highest selling price ever on Vancouver's Multiple Listing Service, a real estate database.
Malcolm Hasman confirmed the penthouse above the Fairmont Pacific Rim Vancouver went for the highest selling price ever on Vancouver's Multiple Listing Service.
On the afternoon of April 24, 2012, Chinese President Hu Jintao held talks with South Sudanese President Salva Kiir Mayardit at the Great Hall of the People.
Hu Jintao held talks with South Sudanese President Salva Kiir Mayardit.
With the fiscal year now half over, Hawaii state tax revenues are running 6.3 percent above year-before levels, a sign of economic recovery in a state that gets most of its revenue from excise taxes on consumer and business spending.
Hawaii state revenues are running.
A US soldier was killed in Iraq on Monday, the US Military said.
A US soldier was killed in Iraq.
Digikast, a digital out-of-home captive media solutions provider, is pleased to announce the launch of their HOTELKAST digital advertising network in Southeast Texas, including locations in Beaumont, Port Arthur, Nederland, and Orange.
Digikast is pleased to announce the launch of their digital advertising network in Southeast Texas.
FORMULA One is coming to Rome after F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone signed a deal to stage a street race in the Italian capital, race organisers say.
FORMULA One is coming to Rome.
Volkswagen, Europe's biggest carmaker, stuck to 2008 earnings targets after third-quarter profit rose 27% because of sales increases in China and Russia and truckmaker Scania's takeover.
Volkswagen stuck to 2008 earnings targets.
Vegetarian life styles can help reduce global warming caused by emissions which are among other things produced by the cattle-breeding industry, a Taiwanese environmentalist said.
Vegetarian life styles can help reduce global warming.
COUNTY'S Northern Ireland international striker Peter Thompson (left) was released from hospital yesterday afternoon (Tuesday).
Peter Thompson was released from hospital.
Camille Grammer tells 'People' magazine that she was dumped by Kelsey, her husband of 14 years, through a phone call and a text message.
Camille Grammer was dumped by Kelsey through a phone call and a text message.
Russia and NATO have agreed to resume military co-operation after nearly a year of difficult relations.
Russia and NATO have agreed to resume military co-operation.
Euro zone central banks started buying up government bonds on Monday, in a reversal of the European Central Bank's resistance to full-scale asset purchases as it fights to contain Greece's debt crisis.
Euro zone central banks started buying up government bonds.
A Dodge County judge has ordered a competency evaluation for an 18-year-old Beaver Dam woman accused of having sex with a 12-year-old boy.
A judge has ordered a evaluation for an woman accused of having sex with a boy.
Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds married in secret over the weekend, it has been reported.
Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds married in secret.
Lindsay Lohan is being blackmailed to pay the alleged victim of her hit and run attack, Thaer Kamal, or face some serious consequences.
Lindsay Lohan is being blackmailed to pay the victim of her hit and run.
In order to test some of the innovative ideas of SpeedDream, a 35-foot prototype will be built.
A prototype will be built.
TORONTO - Detroit Pistons forward Charlie Villanueva faces a charge of domestic assault after a May 19 incident in Burlington, Ontario.
Detroit Pistons Charlie Villanueva faces a charge of domestic assault.
Waleed Salim Al Mahiri, director of Emirates Transport-Abu Dhabi, has revealed that 650 tracking system devices have been installed in school buses out of 850 buses belonging to the organisation.
650 tracking system devices have been installed in school buses.
New Delhi, Aug 1 Swan Telecom promoter Shahid Usman Balwa today told a Delhi court that the Centre since 1996 has been approving sale of equities to foreign firms as they brought foreign direct investments.
The Centre has been approving sale of equities to foreign firms.
No matter what you believe about climate change, ocean chemistry doesn't lie.
Ocean chemistry doesn't lie.
Iraqi President Jalal Talabani arrived in Korea to meet President Lee Myung-bak on Tuesday.
Iraqi President Jalal Talabani arrived in Korea.
Western Bulldogs midfielder Nathan Eagleton is likely to miss this year's NAB Cup after suffering a bizarre knee injury at training.
Western Bulldogs midfielder Nathan Eagleton is likely to miss this year's NAB Cup.
Kristina Rihanoff got a birthday kiss from her Strictly Come Dancing partner Joe Calzaghe yesterday.
Kristina Rihanoff got a birthday kiss Strictly Come Dancing Joe Calzaghe.
Rumours are circulating on the internet that Canadian producer, Deadmau5 has died in his Los Angeles hotel room after his Wikipedia page was updated with the details of his death.
Producer, Deadmau5 has died in his Los Angeles hotel room.
LizzardWerks has released short hand 1.0, an iPhone/iPod touch app that helps write quicker emails, tweets, notes, and more using typing shortcuts.
LizzardWerks has released short hand 1.0, an iPhone iPod touch app.
Bail was lowered to $5,000 today for a former Syracuse University football player charged in a recent burglary spree on South Campus.
Bail was lowered to $ 5,000 for a former Syracuse University football player charged in a burglary spree.
A deer crashed through the front glass window of a downtown Conway restaurant, a police report said.
A deer crashed through the window of a Conway restaurant.
The Wallabies have made two changes to the starting side to contest Saturday's Bledisloe Cup Test against New Zealand in Hong Kong.
The Wallabies have made two changes.
Neptune has unveiled the global long/short fund that is to be co-managed by Robin Geffen and Ted Alexander.
Neptune has unveiled the global long / short fund.
Arlington has announced a new membership plan, available to Eastern Kentucky University faculty, staff and alumni, and the general public.
Arlington has announced a new membership plan.
CHICAGO -Cincinnati Reds right-hander Aaron Harang will have an MRI exam on his right forearm after he experienced discomfort early Wednesday.
Aaron Harang will have an MRI exam on his forearm.
The big question living in every wrestling fan's mind is ``Will Shawn Michaels \u0026 The Undertaker outdo themselves at Wrestlemania XXVI?
The question is Shawn Michaels \u0026 The Undertaker outdo at Wrestlemania XXVI.
A day after witnessing a historic spectacle, President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo praised China for ``bringing the world's most memorable Olympics.''
Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo praised China for bringing the world's most memorable Olympics.
On May 29 American recording artist Pusha T released the official ``Exodus 23:1'' music video on his YouTube page.
Pusha T released the official Exodus 23:1 music video.
State flags will be lowered to half-staff to honor an Alaska soldier who died in Afghanistan.
Flags will be lowered to honor an soldier.
A 17-year-old girl rescued while hanging herself in Gaaf Dhaal atoll Thinadhoo died while undergoing treatment at Indira Gandhi Memorial Hospital in Male.
A girl died while undergoing treatment.
At its board meeting on April 22, 2008, the Board of Directors of NASB Financial, Inc. declared a cash dividend on common stock of $0.225 per share, payable on May 23, 2008, to stockholders of record May 2, 2008.
The Board of Directors of NASB Financial, Inc. declared a cash dividend on common stock.
A drink driver caused a lorry to swerve out of his way and crash through the front of a house into a living room, a court has heard.
A drink driver caused a lorry to swerve and crash through the front of a house.
Sex and the City 2 star Sarah Jessica Parker said she feels older since becoming a mum to twins.
Sarah Jessica Parker feels older since becoming a mum to twins.
The NFL suspended Jets linebacker Calvin Pace for four games without pay Thursday for violating the league's policy on performance-enhancing substances.
The NFL suspended Jets linebacker Calvin Pace for four games.
The icebreakers Krasin and Admiral Makarov on Wednesday morning began to pilot the fishing factory ship Sodruzhestvo to a loose ice area.
The icebreakers began to pilot the factory ship to a loose ice area.
The Woodland Trust is to plant around a million trees on several sites across the UK to protect the ``UK's equivalent of the rainforest''.
The Woodland Trust is to plant around a million trees on sites across the UK.
The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette is offering buyouts to newsroom employees in hopes of cutting the equivalent of 18 full-time positions.
The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette is offering buyouts.
AP Business Writer Prices for gold and other commodities were little changed Wednesday as investors weighed mixed signals on the economy.
Prices for gold and other commodities were little changed.
Karnataka Chief Minister BS Yeddyurappa on Friday hinted at a compromise formula under which he may have to axe some ministers and transfer some officials to end the crisis in the BJP government in the state.
BS Yeddyurappa hinted at a compromise formula.
Lorna Luft, Jenny Seagrove, and Simon Shepherd star in a UK tour of Hugh Whitemore's Pack of Lies which began February 2, and will run through April 11 prior to transferring to the West End.
Lorna Luft and star in a UK tour of Hugh Whitemore's Pack of Lies.
A lecture on architecture in Bahrain and the USA was held at the Conferences Hall of the Bahrain National Museum on Wednesday evening.
A lecture on architecture in Bahrain and the USA was held.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will visit Malawi next Sunday, PANA has learnt from top Malawi government officials.
Secretary of Hillary Clinton will visit Malawi next Sunday.
ParknPool is scheduled to attend the 5th annual Associa® vendor fair in support of Associa Cares®.
ParknPool is scheduled to attend the Associa ® vendor fair.
Bowlers representing 12 different counties battled it out in the British Crown Green Championships at Centre Vale Park, Todmorden, on Sunday.
Bowlers representing 12 counties battled out.
Minister of Education and CAF \u0026 PD, M Okendro Singh inspected the FCS godown at Mayangkhang, Senapati District, which has been newly constructed by Technical \u0026 Promotional cell/Hill-II under Registered Corporative Society, Government of Manipur today.
Minister, inspected the godown.
Former Ukrainian prime minister Yulia Tymoshenko has gone on trial in Kiev charged with abuse of power.
Yulia Tymoshenko has gone on trial charged with abuse of power.
A Stark County Sheriff's deputy could lose his job, following his latest arrest on domestic violence.
A Stark County Sheriff's deputy could lose his job, following his arrest.
Soumya Swaminathan, the city's very own World Junior chess champion, who is back from the country known to have produced the biggest name in sports history - Diego Maradona, feels that the sky is the limit in terms of achieving.
The sky is the limit.
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has firmly rejected demands by Islamists for a new anti-blasphemy law to punish those who speak or write against Islam, reports bdnews24.com.
Sheikh Hasina has rejected demands for a anti-blasphemy law.
Skipper Daniel Vettori says he is on target to return to the Black Caps for the test series against Pakistan.
Daniel Vettori is on target to return for the test series.
Oil prices rose in Asian trade on Monday, riding the weakening US dollar and indications from OPEC that the cartel was satisfied with current crude prices, analysts said.New York's main contract, light sweet crude for January delivery gained 20 cents to 75.67 dollars a barrel.
Oil prices rose in Asian trade, riding the weakening US dollar.
Kobayashi has apologised to his Sauber team after injuring three mechanics during a pit-stop in Sunday's British Grand Prix.
Kobayashi has apologised to his Sauber team.
The stuff dreams are made of came to life Sunday afternoon at the TD Garden in Boston.
The stuff dreams are made of came.
Former US Presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton have visited Haiti as part of their effort to raise aid and investment to help Haitians recover from January's earthquake.
Presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton have visited Haiti.
A Sussex company is feeling flushed with success after its new eco loos won a top design award.
A Sussex company is feeling flushed with success.
Sheriff's officials have released the name of the child who died last night after he was run over by his grandmother in Tornillo.
Who died after he was run over by his grandmother.
``AIDS has been a powerful agent for change from exposing to overcoming injustices,'' said Dr. Peter Piot, Executive Director of the Joint UN Programme on HIV/AIDS, while attending his last UNAIDS board meeting, which wrapped up yesterday in Geneva.
AIDS has been a agent for change.
Norwich insurance giant Aviva has sold its stake in Spanish life and pension provider Aseval to Bankia for £494m.
Aviva has sold its stake to Bankia for £ 494m.
Chile has expelled 14 armed Bolivian military personnel detained Fri June 17 for illegally entering Chilean territory.
Chile has expelled 14 Bolivian military personnel detained.
Japan tighten WC grip, Iran shocked Updated: 11:23, Wednesday September 12, 2012 Japan strengthened their iron grip on World Cup qualifying Group B but mighty Iran were sent spinning to their first ever defeat to outsiders Lebanon.
Japan tighten WC grip, Iran shocked.
A San Francisco judge has ruled that the parents accused of killing an alleged pimp who was prostituting their teenage daughter will stand trial for murder.
The parents accused of killing an alleged pimp will stand trial.
Former Microsoft chief operating officer Bob Herbold thinks Apple might be losing its vision.
Apple might be losing its vision.
A court in northern Vietnam has put 16 people on trial for allegedly selling more than 250 babies for foreign adoption, a court official said Tuesday.
A court in Vietnam has put 16 people on trial for selling more than 250 babies for foreign adoption.
Samiullah, a student of BSc Statistics, won the Mr GCU title 2011-12 at a bodybuilding championship organised by the Government College University Lahore Sports Board here on Monday.
Samiullah won the Mr GCU title.
Former state Senate President Ken Bennett takes the oath of office Monday afternoon as Arizona secretary of state.
State Ken Bennett takes the oath as Arizona secretary.
Maria Sharapova, struggling for form after shoulder surgery and languishing 61st in the world rankings, is refusing to be written off as a title contender at the Stanford WTA tournament.
Maria Sharapova is refusing to be written off.
In an early morning meeting, Cleveland school board members appointed a new CEO.
Cleveland school board members appointed a new CEO.
Office rental firm Regus today said it will open 200 sites in 2012 as companies increasingly use its services to make cost savings.
Regus today said it will open 200 sites.
China is taking the right direction to deal with the financial crisis and to retool its economic growth by putting the emphasis on domestic consumption, the International Monetary Fund's managing director Dominique Strauss-Kahn said Friday in Singapore.
China is taking the right direction to deal with the financial crisis.
Silicon valley SCORE mavin Bob Goedjen sends us this timely piece: if 90% of entreprenuers have under-priced themselves, plus many businesses have cut priced during the recession, how do you raise prices now that the economy is picking back up again?
How do you raise prices.
Meanwhile, Zaffar, according to JKSM statement, strongly condemned the imposition of undeclared curfew on Thursday and Friday to prevent people from assembling at Historic Jamia Masjid here on the call given by the Coordination Committee.
Zaffar condemned the imposition of undeclared curfew.
Detroit police said an 84-year-old security guard was shot to death Wednesday night in a church parking lot near Tireman and Begole streets on the city's west side.
An security guard was shot to death in a church parking lot.
Microsoft has opened up its Live Mesh data-sharing service, with more features due by October.
Microsoft has opened up its Live Mesh service.
Taiwan stocks rose 0.68 percent in their third straight winning session on Thursday, with Nokia supplier Compal Communications limit up on a media report the contract manufacturer could return to profit this year.
Taiwan stocks rose.
And now it's Kareena Kapoor and her beau Saif Ali Khan who face the media's wrath at a press conference where they arrived a sharp 2 hours later than when they were supposed to.
It's Kareena Kapoor and her beau Saif Ali Khan who face the media's wrath.
Local experts from Baystate Medical Center have advice for parents trying to help their children cope the tornado and the damage it caused in communities throughout Western Massachusetts.
Experts have advice for parents trying to help their children cope the tornado.
Tottenham Hotspur winger Gareth Bale has said he is flattered by comparisons with Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo, but insists he is determined to forge his own identity in the game.
Tottenham Hotspur winger Gareth Bale has said he is flattered by comparisons with Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo.
Two minor girls were burnt to death when their makeshift dwelling caught fire in Harola locality of Noida Thursday night, police said.
Two girls were burnt to death.
Mali will ask international donors for nearly two billion euros to help rebuild the country and try to halt a resurgence of al Qaeda-linked Islamists who were driven out of the major northern towns by a French-led offensive.
Mali will ask donors for nearly two billion euros to help rebuild the country.
Governor Tom Corbett has proclaimed this week as Teen Driver Safety Week to coincide with the national observance.
Tom Corbett has proclaimed this week as Teen Driver Safety Week.
A Virgin-Islands owned chemical tanker carrying 28 North Korean crew members has been hijacked by Somali pirates off the Seychelles, the multinational naval force operating in the area said today.
A chemical tanker has been hijacked by pirates off the Seychelles.
Recent NASA observations have determined that shock waves near a clutter of cosmic dust can help create stars and other heavenly bodies.
Shock waves can help create stars.
Airlines for America, the industry trade organization for the leading US airlines, today said the White House budget proposal to offset the deficit on the backs of airline customers by adding even more tax increases, would impact demand for air travel and ultimately cost jobs and service to communities.
Airlines for America today said the White House budget proposal to offset the deficit on the backs of airline customers, would impact.
Liverpool have signed Luis Alberto from Sevilla on a long-term contract.
Liverpool have signed Luis Alberto from Sevilla.
SENATE president Gelane Zwane berated Senators for 'sleeping on the job' and warned them to stop shifting the blame to others when their mediocrity begins to backfire.
Gelane Zwane berated Senators for sleeping on the job.
Toyota dealers across the country and locally have begun to repair faulty gas pedals.
Toyota dealers and have begun to repair.
Samajwadi Party General Secretary Amar Singh on Thursday met Commerce and Industry Minister Kamal Nath within a week of his letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh seeking withdrawal of the export-oriented unit status to the private petroleum refineries.
Amar Singh met Commerce and Kamal Nath.
A Rhodes Scholarship has been awarded to Ronan Farrow, the son of Mia Farrow and Woody Allen.
A Rhodes Scholarship has been awarded to Ronan Farrow, the son of Mia Farrow.
The results could be so close when Congress votes on nearly 40 billion dollars in budget cuts.
Congress votes on in budget cuts.
During a non-contact drill on Tuesday, Smith suffered a small fracture to his left foot.
Smith suffered a fracture to his left foot.
US arms sales to Georgia would perpetuate a ``Berlin Wall'' mentality between Georgia, Russia, Abkhazia and South Ossetia, focusing on balance of power questions rather than working on a solution to the conflict, says a new report by the Washington think tank Center for American Progress.
US arms sales would perpetuate a Berlin Wall mentality between Georgia.
Colombia lost 1-0 to France Tuesday in a friendly soccer match in the Stade de France in Paris, without losing any of the team's dignity.
Colombia lost 1 0 to France.
After receiving 15 inches of snow Wednesday, Wolf Creek Ski Area announced it is opening for the ski season on Halloween.
Wolf Creek Ski Area is opening for the season on Halloween.
Rodman \u0026 Renshaw, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Rodman \u0026 Renshaw Capital Group, Inc. announced that it has acted as a co-manager to its client ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , who today announced the pricing of an underwritten public offering of 21,500,000 shares of its common stock, at a price to the public of $10.42 per share.
Rodman \u0026 Renshaw, LLC has acted as a co-manager to its client ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc. who today announced the pricing of an public offering of 21,500,000 shares of its common stock.
The US Drug Enforcement Administration says New England residents turned in more than 19 tons of unwanted prescription drugs in the second annual National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day.
New England residents turned in more than 19 tons of unwanted prescription drugs.
A Bennettsville man is facing multiple financial identity theft charges in a case that involves as many as 40 victims, Marlboro County Sheriff Fred Knight said in a press release issued Wednesday.
A Bennettsville man is facing identity theft charges.
Costa Rica on Monday signed a Free Trade Agreement with the European Free Trade Association, an organization that includes Switzerland, Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein.
Costa Rica signed a Free Trade Agreement with the European Free Trade Association.
Thousands of Argentines marched on Thursday night in cities around the country to express their anger at the government of President Cristina Fernandez.
Thousands of Argentines marched to express at the government.
Bangladesh cricket team led by Mohammad Ashraful reached Karachi on Sunday to play one-day internationals against Pakistan.
Bangladesh cricket team reached to play against Pakistan.
YouTube has launched its Movies section for UK residents, with 400 free movies in the catalog.
YouTube has launched its Movies section for UK residents.
Shou and Fengyang counties have applied for World Cultural Heritage status for their ancient city walls, as reported by the China Daily.
Shou and Fengyang counties have applied for World Cultural Heritage status.
A developer is looking to split up nearly 600 acres of farmland in eastern Pennsylvania.
A developer is looking to split up nearly 600 acres in eastern Pennsylvania.
Attacks killed at least 23 people across Iraq on Thursday, including pilgrims preparing for a major Shi'ite religious ritual and a provincial leader.
Attacks killed at least 23 people across Iraq.
Liz Claiborne Inc. said today that it would eliminate about 725 jobs, or 8 percent of its US work force, as it looks to cut costs amid tightened consumer discretionary spending.
Liz Claiborne Inc. would eliminate about 725 jobs.
The YouTube video channel Zennie62 has reached 12 million video views and 200,000 channel views as of Saturday, February 20th, and continuing a pattern of rapid growth that started in 2009 and has continued through 2010.
The YouTube video channel Zennie62 has reached 12 million video views.
Mumbai, Sep 20 Select base metals like tin, copper and lead strengthened at the non-ferrous metal market here today due to firm industrial demand coupled with higher stockists buying, following bullish trend at the London Metal Exchange.
Select base metals like tin, and lead strengthened due to industrial demand.
Fairfax County schools could become the first in the Washington region to create a virtual public high school that would allow students to take all their classes from a computer at home.
Fairfax County schools could become the first to create a virtual high school.
France today urged Europe to follow the US lead and agree new sanctions on Iran as tension with Tehran escalates.
France today urged to follow and agree sanctions on Iran as tension with escalates.
State offices and those in some Ohio cities will be closed Monday in observance of Veterans Day.
Offices will be closed in observance of Veterans Day.
A construction worker hit by a van in Independence has died from his injuries.
A construction worker hit by a van has died.
British police say a mail bomb intercepted last month at an English airport could have exploded over the East Coast of the United States.
A mail bomb could have exploded.
Oil prices fell in Asian trade on Tuesday as investors continued to react to OPEC`s decision to maintain its current production levels, dealers said.
Oil prices fell in Asian trade.
The Sikh community in Pune hit the streets in large numbers on Sunday, seeking justice for the victims of 1984 riots.
The Sikh community in Pune hit, seeking justice for the victims of 1984 riots.
Sony has trademarked the phrase 'move into action' in US, possibly revealing the firm's intended snappy slogan for the upcoming PlayStation Move controller.
Sony has trademarked the phrase move into action.
FORMER AFL player Liam Jurrah is expected to plead guilty this week to charges relating to the assault in March of three women.
Liam Jurrah is expected to plead guilty.
Heartland Payment Systems, Inc. , one of the nation's largest payments processors, today announced management will be participating at three upcoming investor conferences.
Heartland Payment Systems, Inc., today announced management will be participating at three upcoming investor conferences.
In a significant development Orissa High Court on Thursday directs OPSC to conduct OAS exam afresh.
Orissa High Court directs OPSC to conduct OAS exam afresh.
THE main road between Market Deeping and Tallington is to be closed for six days with traffic diverted past Bourne.
THE main road between Market Deeping and Tallington is to be closed.
Saint Francis Medical Center's Cancer Treatment Center is offering a Freedom From Smoking® tobacco cessation class that will meet for eight sessions in seven weeks beginning July 17.
Saint Francis Medical Center's Cancer Treatment Center is offering ® tobacco cessation class.
A kitchen salesman was stabbed to death and dismembered in his own home before his body parts were scattered across two counties, a court was told.
A salesman was stabbed to death and dismembered before his body parts were scattered across two counties.
In a time when many companies are laying off, the EVSC has been busy recruiting new teachers.
The EVSC has been recruiting new teachers.
An ISRO scientist died of cardiac arrest today while delivering lecture during a regional conference at the Kashmir University here, officials said.
An ISRO scientist died of cardiac arrest while delivering lecture.
On February 13 Jay Park revealed a dance practice video ``Know Your Name'' which is the title song of his new official album ``New Breed.''
Jay Park revealed a dance practice video Know Your Name.
Mitsui \u0026 Co., a Japanese trading company, said eggs it imported from China were found to be contaminated with traces of melamine.
Mitsui \u0026 Co. said eggs it imported from China were found to be contaminated.
National Jewish Health has received a grant for $950,308 from GlaxoSmithKline to improve care of asthma patients in Colorado's San Luis Valley with educational materials for patients and hands-on training for primary health care teams.
National Jewish Health has received a grant to improve care of asthma patients in Colorado's San Luis Valley.
Titan International Inc. has signed a letter of intent with The Goodyear Tire \u0026 Rubber Company to purchase certain farm tire assets, including the Goodyear Dunlop Tires France Amiens North factory.
Titan International Inc. has signed a letter of intent with The Goodyear Tire \u0026 Rubber Company.
A teen was shot while riding a school bus after a Chicago Public Schools basketball game in the South Side Englewood neighborhood Monday evening, police said.
A teen was shot while riding a school bus after a basketball game.
``Autumn Leaves'' and ``Born Free'' pianist Roger Williams is battling pancreatic cancer.
Roger Williams is battling pancreatic cancer.
Chuck Ragan and his backing band have performed his new album ``Covering Ground'' in full for Wolfgang's Vault in San Francisco, Calirfornia.
Chuck Ragan have performed his new album in full.
Al Reem Island master developer Tamouh has handed over six buildings at Marina Square in Abu Dhabi.
Tamouh has handed over six buildings at Marina Square.
A mob ransacked houses in the Donegall Road area of Belfast in a series of racist and sectarian attacks on Monday.
A mob ransacked houses in the Donegall Road area of Belfast.
London, July 21 A study has revealed that Botox can make people feel happy because it stops them frowning when they are unhappy.
Botox can make people feel happy.
Scrumhalf Peter Stringer has been called into the Ireland camp in Dublin this morning to act as cover for Tomas O'Leary.
Peter Stringer has been called into the Ireland camp.
Gov. Bob Riley said Wednesday the state of Alabama is well prepared for hurricane season but cautioned citizens always to heed evacuation warnings when issued.
Bob Riley said the state is prepared for hurricane season.
Hill International has received six regional achievement awards from the Construction Management Association of America.
Hill International has received six awards.
Wellink said the EU bailout fund for Greece should be doubled to 1,500 billion to involve private investors.
Wellink said the EU bailout fund for Greece should be doubled.
Real Madrid playmaker Kaka is set to return from injury in the Spanish league game against Mallorca on Sunday.
Real Madrid playmaker Kaka is set to return in the game against Mallorca.
A 36-year-old man abruptly woke when the couch he was sleeping on inside his home caught fire Wednesday night.
The couch caught fire.
Authorities say a stray bullet hit a Pierre man in the leg at a Christmas gathering but did not puncture his skin.
A stray bullet hit a man at a Christmas gathering.
In a statement issued by the SGPC president Avtar Singh Makkar, confirming the development said that today afternoon Pakistan has denied pilgrim visa to 320 Sikhs when their passports were submitted before the Pakistan High Commission at New Delhi.
Pakistan has denied pilgrim visa to 320 Sikhs.
The sentencing for an Oak Hill dentist who has pleaded guilty to illegally prescribing hydrocodone to his son and daughter-in-law has been delayed.
The sentencing for an Oak Hill dentist has been delayed.
Minister of State for Information and Broadcasting Syed Samsam Ali Bukhari said on Wednesday that the reconciliatory politics was need of the hour to overcome the challenges of terrorism, price hike and poverty.He was addressing the members of Formanites Housing Society after inaugurating Sui gas supply.
Minister said the reconciliatory politics was need to overcome the challenges.
A Saline County deputy who works in the Ell-Saline School District was arrested Monday, accused of misdemeanor battery in connection with an incident alleged to have occurred Nov. 3 in a south Salina home.
A Saline County deputy was arrested, accused of battery.
Looks like Kimbra's maiden visit of the United States has just been extended, following the announcement that she will be supporting Foster the People on their upcoming US tour in May.
She will be supporting Foster the People on their US tour.
Boeing suffered another setback to its Dreamliner project after an in-flight fire two weeks ago aboard a test plane.
Boeing suffered another setback.
A lawsuit has been filed against Comprehensive Behavioral Health Center of St. Clair County after a woman fell from a fourth-story window at Kenneth Hall Regional Medical Center in East St. Louis.
A lawsuit has been filed after a woman fell from a window.
Legendary singer Manna Dey was admitted to a private hospital in Bangalore with chest infection on Saturday.
Manna Dey was admitted to a hospital.
CLSA upgrades Mahindra and Mahindra to ``outperform'' from ``underperform'' and raises its 12-month target price to 770 rupees from 720 rupees.
CLSA upgrades Mahindra and Mahindra to outperform.
This was the issue that perturbed the Honourable Member of UK Parliament for Monmouth, Hon. David Davies, as demonstrated in his article, ``Are multinationals in Ghana really paying less in tax than market traders?''
This was the issue, Are multinationals in Ghana really paying less in tax than market traders.
Actor Clint Ritchie, who starred on soap opera ``One Life To Live'' for two decades, died on Saturday at the age of 70.
Clint Ritchie, who starred One Life To Live, died.
Bristol Community College will expand its health care education program by as many as 1,000 students by adding classroom and lab space downtown as part of a pilot program financed by The Princeton Review.
Bristol Community College will expand its health care education program.
The ice toboggan slide at Whitnall Park will open Friday, the Milwaukee County Parks Department announced Wednesday.
The ice toboggan slide will open Friday.
Actors Justin Theroux and Jennifer Aniston threw an engagement party at their Los Angeles home, almost four months after getting engaged.
Justin Theroux and Jennifer Aniston threw an engagement party.
Noble Corporation said that subsidiaries of the Company have reached agreement to sell the Company's North Sea platform drilling business to Seawell Holding UK Limited for $35 million.
Noble Corporation said subsidiaries have reached agreement to sell the Company's platform drilling business.
Sprint Nextel Corp said on Tuesday it is planning dozens of layoffs in its wholesale business due to a lack of growth in the landline segment, particularly from customers such as cable providers.
Sprint Nextel Corp is planning dozens of layoffs in its wholesale business.
― Florida senator Mel Martinez was robbed over the weekend, when he and his family visited South Bend, Indiana for a football game.
Mel Martinez was robbed, he visited South Bend, Indiana.
A top House Republican says passage of the health care bill shows that Democrats didn't get the message from voters last week and in summer town-hall meetings.
A House Republican says passage of the health care bill shows Democrats didn't get the message from voters.
On Friday, May 4th, the school will close its doors for good after 51 years of learning.
The school will close for good.
The CobraMax family of ultra high-speed 8-bit digitizers from GaGe features up to 4 GS/s sampling and 4 GSamples of on-board memory.
The family of digitizers features up to 4 GS / sampling.
Worldwide mobile advertising revenue is forecast to double in 2011 to $3.3bn from $1.6bn generated in 2010, according to IT research firm Gartner.
Worldwide mobile advertising revenue is forecast to double in 2011.
A US Navy ship has rescued 13 Iranians held hostage by Somali pirates for weeks in the Arabian Sea.
A US Navy ship has rescued 13 Iranians held by pirates.
Hollywood legend Dustin Hoffman has revealed how his wife pushed him into directing his new movie Quartet.
Legend Dustin Hoffman has revealed his wife pushed into directing his Quartet.
This past week, Governor Bev Perdue said bringing jobs to the state is one of her top priorities.
Bev Perdue said bringing jobs to the state is one of her priorities.
Dubai Municipality will be launching a new intelligent telephone project called ``iDubai,'' which will be available on iPhones and Black Berries very soon.
Dubai Municipality will be launching a intelligent telephone project called iDubai.
Ireland's advertising market may be bottoming out and more digital consumption and media integration will be the driving factors for revenue growth and market demand this year, media agency Carat predicts.
Ireland's advertising market may be bottoming out.
Gold prices surrendered initial gains they made after US data showed a larger than expected rise in US non-farm payrolls in February, turning lower as the euro fell back into negative territory versus the dollar.
Gold prices surrendered initial gains they made after US data showed.
New scientific evidence has suggested that the movement of iron snow helps to maintain Mercurys magnetic field.
The movement of iron snow helps to maintain Mercurys magnetic field.
Union Finance Minister P Chidambaram today said southern states were doing well in credit delivery and financial inclusion.
Southern states were doing well in credit delivery.
A soccer fan was fatally stabbed and another seriously injured in a fight Thursday after a Greek Cup match between Panathinaikos and Olympiakos.
A fan was fatally stabbed in a fight after a Greek Cup match.
The Skatalites lost yet another founding member, with Lloyd Brevett's passing yesterday morning at the Andrews Memorial Hospital in St Andrew.
The Skatalites lost another member.
Two express bus drivers who were high on drugs were nabbed while driving buses filled with passengers here.
Two express bus drivers who were high on drugs were nabbed.
State-owned steel major SAIL today said it has hiked steel prices by Rs 500 a tonne effective from February 1.
SAIL has hiked steel prices by Rs 500 a tonne.
The slow moving winter storm moving across the Plains has already dumped more than a foot of snow in parts of Nebraska and caused some power outages.
The storm has dumped more than a foot of snow in parts of Nebraska.
Former Ohio State quarterback Art Schlichter, who has a history of gambling problems and who served 12 years for forgery, was charged with a felony for allegedly swindling a woman out of $1 million.
Quarterback Art Schlichter was charged with a felony.
Denver-based MapQuest said Thursday that it has launched new walking and transit directions on the site.
MapQuest has launched walking and transit directions.
Kosovo holds today its first election since declaring independence nearly three years ago and the vote is expected to weaken Prime Minister Hashim Thaci's grip on power.
Kosovo holds its first election.
Salem residents should see delivery of their new garbage totes in April, a representative of the town's new garbage collection contractor said Monday.
Salem residents should see delivery of their new garbage totes in April.
Court documents show Fayetteville State University has reached a settlement with a former chancellor, who said the university reneged on a position it promised him.
Fayetteville State University has reached a settlement with a former chancellor.
Irish actor Pierce Brosnan has revealed that he may be reprising his role in 'The Thomas Crown Affair' sequel.
Pierce Brosnan may be reprising his role in The Thomas Crown Affair ' sequel.
The struggling Portland Meadows racetrack is seeking legislative approval to add instant racing machines, a move it says is necessary to keep horse racing viable in Oregon.
The Portland Meadows racetrack is seeking approval to add instant racing machines.
The Federal Reserve paid the federal government a record $88.9 billion in 2012.
The Federal Reserve paid the government a $ 88.9 billion.
Medical problems may have lead to a crash Sunday afternoon in Madison.
Medical problems may have lead to a crash.
Boeing has announced an agreement to acquire Narus, a leading provider of real-time network traffic and analytics software used to protect against cyber attacks and persistent threats aimed at large Internet Protocol networks.
Boeing has announced an agreement to acquire Narus.
Royal made all the running but failed to clinch a win over Trinity at the Asgiriya Stadium yesterday.
Royal made but failed to clinch a win over Trinity.
A Salt Lake City police officer suffered minor injuries Monday afternoon when he was dragged about 50 feet by a car driven by a fleeing drug suspect.
A Salt Lake City police officer suffered he was dragged by a car.
Major stock indexes posted modest gains Tuesday as higher commodity prices lifted energy and materials stocks.
Stock indexes posted modest gains Tuesday.
Minnesota goalie Josh Harding, playing for the first time since surgery to repair a partially torn hip labrum, was carried off the ice after a collision midway through the first period in the Wild's preseason game against the St. Louis Blues on Friday night.
Josh Harding was carried off the ice.
Vice President Biden on Tuesday praised US Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice, saying that there should be no doubt she speaks for the president.
Biden praised to the Susan Rice, saying there should be no doubt she speaks for the president.
LL Cool J was placed in quarantine for three hours after a dramatic flight from Los Angeles to Missouri.
LL Cool J was placed in quarantine after a flight.
Goldline International, Inc. : announced today that it has been ranked by the Los Angeles Business Journal as the #1 fastest growing private company in Los Angeles County among those with annual revenues over $100 million.
Goldline International, Inc. has been ranked as the fastest growing private company in Los Angeles County among those with annual revenues.
Coventry City manager Aidy Boothroyd says he is looking forward to meeting Leicester counterpart Sven-Goran Eriksson today but added: ``I won't be taking my autograph book.''
Coventry City manager Aidy Boothroyd says he is looking forward to meeting counterpart Sven-Goran Eriksson.
Nicole Richie went glam on Saturday, glowing on the red carpet for a good cause at the March of Dimes 4th Annual Celebration of Babies at the Four Seasons Hotel in Beverly Hills.
Nicole Richie went glam, glowing for a cause.
London, Jan 18 Actor Jude Law is set to return to the London stage with a new production of 'Anna Christie'.
London, Jude Law is set to return to the stage.
Gardner's first Premier League goal for six years 13 minutes from time and then a Richard Dunne own goal two minutes from the final whistle, which was created by Gardner who had come on as a second-half substitute, saw Bolton move off the bottom of the table and leave Newcastle as the tailenders.
Bolton move off the bottom of the table.
Dating expert Carlos Xuma says that knowing what not to say when a man learns how to pick up women is just as important as knowing what to say.
How to pick up women.
Premier League footballer Anton Ferdinand walked into a police station and was arrested today after he missed a court hearing for a driving offence.
Anton Ferdinand walked and was arrested after he missed a court hearing.
Health Minister Jerome Kennedy says a new medical act, introduced in the House of Assembly Monday, is aimed at enhancing public protection and patient safety, while supporting physicians in maintaining high standards of practice.
A new medical act, introduced, is aimed.
Six automakers, including Toyota, Honda and Nissan, are recalling nearly 3.4 million older-model vehicles worldwide because of defective air bags that can send shrapnel flying into the passenger compartment.
Six automakers, are recalling nearly 3.4 million vehicles because of air bags.
The Daily Blam! is reporting that the following image is our first look at Parallax in Green Lantern.
The image is our first look at Parallax in Green Lantern.
Smith, a former NFL defensive star who found a successful second career as an actor, has died in Los Angeles at age 66.
Smith, a defensive star, has died.
``Kazakhstan and Mongolia mark the 20th anniversary of diplomatic relations,'' Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Ambassador of Mongolia to Kazakhstan Haraavch Ayuurzan told a press conference.
Kazakhstan and Mongolia mark the 20th anniversary of diplomatic relations.
A city man pleaded guilty last week to striking an 11-year-old boy with his vehicle as the boy crossed Rutger Street, court documents state.
A man pleaded guilty to striking with his vehicle.
Paul Newman, the legendary actor and philanthropist, is battling cancer, his longtime neighbour and business partner said yesterday.
Paul Newman is battling cancer.
Gordon Lorenz, who was in his 60s, was found dead at his Llandudno home on Sunday after falling ill on Friday.
Gordon Lorenz, who was, was found dead.
Photographs of jailed rock star Pete Doherty have appeared in a tabloid newspaper amid rumours that he is taking heroin in prison.
Pete Doherty is taking heroin in prison.
Kuwaiti operator Wataniya has introduced Apple's newest device, the iPhone 4S bundled with a wide range of packages to suit customer preferences.
Wataniya has introduced, the iPhone 4S bundled.
The passengers of the Carnival Triumph apparently were doomed to have a miserable experience with this trip, as news has broken that the cruise ship bus broke down on the way from Mobile, Ala. to New Orleans, La.
The cruise ship bus broke down.
A Western Australian rigging company has been fined after a 10-tonne steel roof section fell from a tower crane on a building site.
A company has been fined after a steel roof section fell from a tower crane.
A South Florida college student has pleaded guilty in Miami federal court to threatening President Barack Obama on Facebook.
A South Florida student has pleaded guilty to threatening Barack Obama on Facebook.
Calvin Harris spent yesterday celebrating his first solo UK No.1 for I'm Not Alone discussing shorts with Streets star Mike Skinner.
Calvin Harris spent yesterday celebrating.
Dallas-based eCarList, the developer of inventory management and online marketing tools for automotive dealers, has been acquired by DealerTrack Holdings, DealerTrack said this morning.
ECarList has been acquired, DealerTrack said.
A man is in a serious but stable condition in hospital after a dramatic rescue to free him from underneath the wheels of a double decker London bus.
A man is after a rescue to free from underneath the wheels of a double decker bus.
/ February 10, 2010) Kelsey Griffin scored 17 points and No. 3 Nebraska remained unbeaten with a surprisingly tough, hard-fought 67-60 victory Wednesday night over injury-weakened Kansas.
Kelsey Griffin scored and No. 3 Nebraska remained unbeaten with a, 67 60 victory over Kansas.
Real estate mogul Donald Trump will moderate a Republican presidential debate in Iowa a week before the state holds the first-in-the-nation caucus.
Donald Trump will moderate a Republican presidential debate.
More Britons are joining the UK army of homeless and sleeping rough on the streets, according to fresh figures published by the Homelessness Monitor.
More Britons are joining the army of homeless.
Dubai is tightening its grip on massage parlours operating in the city after dozens were found engaged in illegal activities, including sexual services, a state-owned daily reported on Monday.
Dubai is tightening its grip on massage parlours.
Koivu will have arthroscopic surgery on his right shoulder and his right knee that will require a summer-long rehabilitation.The team said Thursday that Koivu will have the operations in his native Finland in the next couple of days.THE CANADIAN PRESS/AP/Andy King Minnesota Wild centre Mikko Koivu will have arthroscopic surgery on his right shoulder and his right knee that will require a summer-long rehabilitation.
Koivu will have in the couple Mikko Koivu will have arthroscopic surgery on his right shoulder and his right knee.
China's central bank governor Zhou Xiaochuan said Wednesday that China should remain on high alert for inflation and the bank will take measures, including monetary policy adjustments, to stabilize prices.
China's bank said China should remain on high alert for inflation.
After displaying their best performance of the season with the rumba, Cincinnati Bengals wide receiver Chad Ochocinco and his partner Cheryl Burke survived elimination again to advance to the top eight on ABC's Dancing With The Stars.
Chad Ochocinco and his partner Cheryl Burke survived to advance to the top eight on ABC's Dancing With The Stars.
For Our Kids' Sake is seeking funds for a planned bus trip for Hagerstown children to Hersheypark.
For Our Kids ' Sake is seeking funds for a trip.
Jennifer Lopez worked hard to save her marriage to Marc Anthony because she didn't want a third divorce.
Jennifer Lopez worked to save her marriage.
Broadband equipment supplier Calix has introduced the 726GE-I indoor optical network terminal.
Calix has introduced - indoor optical network terminal.
Former actress Zsa Zsa Gabor has asked to see a priest after undergoing surgery on Saturday to remove two blood clots.
Zsa Zsa Gabor has asked to see a priest.
A Lake Havasu City soldier died in Afghanistan on Saturday from wounds he suffered in an attack while on patrol in the eastern province of Khost, the Pentagon announced Tuesday.
A Lake Havasu City soldier died in Afghanistan.
Police are investigating a pipe bomb explosion that sent a piece of shrapnel through the bedroom window of a Tucson assisted living facility.
Police are investigating a pipe bomb explosion that sent through the window of a Tucson assisted living facility.
Former world number one Rafa Nadal has renewed his attack on hard courts as he prepares for the second tournament on his comeback trail at the Brazil Open.
Rafa Nadal has renewed his attack on hard courts.
Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia should restore Soviet-era alliances with Cuba, news agencies reported, the dpa reported.
Vladimir Putin said Russia should restore alliances with Cuba.
Chad Curtis, the former Major League Baseball player already facing five criminal sexual conduct charges for alleged acts involving teenage girls, is facing a new CSC charge.
Chad Curtis is facing a new CSC charge.
The first time home buyers tax credit extension along with low mortgage rates is likely to swell the interest in the current housing market.
The first time home buyers tax credit extension along with low mortgage rates is.
The Attorney General's Office will host free statewide housing workshops to help Delawareans who are at risk of losing their homes to foreclosure.
The Attorney General's Office will host housing workshops.
Gas prices may top $4 dollars per gallon along the Treasure Coast within the next few days, even as some local gas stations are among hundreds being investigated as part of a statewide inquiry into price gouging in connection with Hurricane Ike.
Gas prices may top $ 4 along the Treasure Coast.
Iran and Afghanistan have confirmed their participation in the International Beach Kabaddi Championship.
Iran and Afghanistan have confirmed their participation.
Tomorrow will see the longest total eclipse of the moon in 10 years.
Tomorrow will see the total eclipse of the moon.
Zuckerberg ``is a good CEO on his way to being a great CEO,'' Palihapitiya said in an interview at the Launch Festival conference in San Francisco.
Zuckerberg is a good CEO on his way to being a great CEO.
Paul Giamatti has joined the cast of Downton Abbey and will make his debut on the acclaimed PBS drama in season four's finale, the broadcaster announced Monday.
Paul Giamatti has joined the cast of Downton Abbey.
Bollywood superstar Aamir Khan, turned 47 on Wednesday.
Aamir Khan, turned 47.
The Serbian government has adopted the draft budget rebalance for 2012 and a set of 12 laws regulating public finances.
The Serbian government has adopted the draft budget rebalance for 2012.
The US federal deficit surged higher into record territory in August, hitting US$1.38 trillion with one month left in the budget year.
The US federal deficit surged, hitting $ 1.38 trillion.
Fife Council has approved its £82 million budget for 2009-2010 with an agreed £53 million housing budget.
Fife Council has approved its budget.
Motta, a product of Barcelona's youth system, will now join Carlo Ancelotti as part of Leonadro's Parisian revolution as the former Inter boss, backed by quite a lot of financial power from the club's Qatari ownership, attempts to transform PSG into a top European team.
Motta will join attempts to transform PSG.
King Richard III, the 15th-century English monarch made famous by Shakespeare for his lines ``a horse, a horse, my kingdom for a horse'', probably had a brummie accent, spoken by natives of Birmingham in England, claim language experts.
King Richard III had a brummie accent.
Kelantan has declared tomorrow a public holiday in conjunction with tonight's FA Cup final between Kelantan and Terengganu at the Bukit Jalil National Stadium tonight.
Kelantan has declared tomorrow a public holiday.
The two Canadian women stabbed to death in Atlantic City have been identified as Po Lin Wan, 80, and Alice Mei See Leung, 47.
The two Canadian women stabbed to death in Atlantic City have been identified.
Bollywood diva Madhuri Dixit and former beauty queen and actress Sushmita Sen were honoured for individual excellence in the field of acting and entrepreneurship respectively in Gurgaon on Monday night.
Madhuri Dixit and Sushmita Sen were honoured for excellence.
A kung fu teacher was today jailed for 18 months after sexually assaulting two young girls in anti-rape classes.
A kung fu teacher was today jailed after sexually assaulting two girls.
Barclays is facing a £70m lawsuit over claims it misused confidential information from a potential client to seal a takeover deal, according to reports.
Barclays is facing a £ 70m lawsuit.
LCA-Vision Inc., a leading provider of laser vision correction services under the LasikPlus® brand, today reported that 19,066 procedures were performed during the first quarter of 2010.
LCA-Vision, a provider, today reported 19,066 procedures were performed during the first quarter of 2010.
Scottish fishermen are to be given a financial boost to help them comply with new European conservation demands.
Fishermen are to be given a financial boost.
Johan Bruyneel, teamleader of Astana, the team of Lance Armstrong and Alberto Contador, wrote a column for Dutch newspaper the Telegraaf in which he argues that cycling needs Armstrong.
Cycling needs Armstrong.
The ex pop star told Davina McCall: ``Dribbling is just like a piece of art, like sperm from your mouth.
Dribbling is just like a piece of art.
Quick made 51 saves for his 10th NHL shutout and defenseman Drew Doughty had three assists in the Los Angeles Kings' 5-0 victory over the Red Wings on Monday night.
Quick made 51 saves for his shutout.
Gov. Susana Martinez says New Mexico now is leading the nation in export growth to foreign countries.
New Mexico is leading in export growth to foreign countries.
Wigan midfielder Jonathan Routledge, 21, has joined Hamilton after cancelling his contract by mutual consent.
Jonathan Routledge has joined Hamilton.
It has long been said that good dental hygiene can prevent tooth decay; however, experts now suggest that even good oral hygiene does not necessarily stop tooth decay.
Good oral hygiene does not stop tooth decay.
A Goose Creek bank was robbed the day after Christmas, and two suspects are at large.
A Goose Creek bank was robbed.
State government doctors have gone on a strike from Tuesday demanding that they should be paid as per the Sixth Pay Commission and should get allowances similar to the central government doctors.
State government doctors have gone on a strike.
It has been reported that two Rottweiler's are missing in Whitewright.
Two Rottweiler are missing in Whitewright.
The Standard Bank group reported a nine percent increase in profit for the six months ended June 2010, due to an improvement in customers' debt profiles.
The Standard Bank group reported a increase in profit.
A unanimous Florida Senate today passed a $65.6 billion budget proposal that includes a $1-a-pack increase in Florida's cigarette tax and other revenue-generating provisions that aren't in the House's spending plan.
A Florida Senate today passed a $ 65.6 billion budget proposal.
``Bulgaria will probably have to present a new draft contract for the Belene NPP project to Russia,'' said Bulgarian Minister of Economy, Energy and Tourism Traycho Traykov, speaking with the Bulgarian National Radio.
Bulgaria will probably have to present a new draft contract for the Belene NPP project to Russia.
BOGOTA, Colombia -A brutal drug lord with a $2.5 million bounty on his head and reputed ties to right-wing militias died during clashes with security forces in southern Colombia, President Juan Manuel Santos announced Wednesday.
BOGOTA - A brutal drug lord died during clashes in Colombia.
The new Sherlock Holmes film directed by Guy Ritchie and starring Robert Downey Jr. will be out on Christmas Day 2009.
The Sherlock Holmes film will be on Christmas Day 2009.
STUDENT Cara Rhodes is to spend a week in the Mexican rainforest this summer to help scientists gather data on conservation management.
Cara Rhodes is to spend a week in the Mexican rainforest.
The International Basketball League has re-aligned its divisions for the 2010 season, commissioner Mikal Dulio announced Monday.
The International Basketball League has re-aligned its divisions.
Hockey Hall of Famer Guy Lafleur has been acquitted by a Quebec appeals court of giving contradictory testimony at his son's bail hearing.
Hall of Guy Lafleur has been acquitted by a court of giving contradictory testimony.
Gov. Christie's overhaul plans for Atlantic City face opposition in Meadowlands, The Philadelphia Inquirer reported.
Gov. Christie's plans for Atlantic City face opposition.
Five people face charges after two teens were robbed and assaulted at a park in Glace Bay.
Five people face charges after two teens were robbed.
The teen couple Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez have, topped the Teen Choice Awards 2011, as they have won most number of awards.
The couple Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez have, topped the Teen Choice Awards 2011.
``Respect opposition in order to gain respect,'' Sehwag told the aspiring cricketers who were handpicked by the right-hander himself during a three-week camp organised by the Sehwag International School here.
Respect opposition in order to gain respect, Sehwag told.
Up to 10,000 tenants in privately rented homes in the UK could face eviction this year because their landlords miss mortgage payments, Conservatives have warned...
Up to 10,000 tenants could face eviction.
A Phoenix man has been sentenced to nine years in prison for fatally shooting his friend at a Glendale apartment.
A Phoenix man has been sentenced for fatally shooting his friend.
Customer magazines are ``the least ignored'' type of direct marketing available to businesses looking to promote their services, according to new research.
Customer magazines are the least ignored type of direct marketing.
The Jonas Brothers and Demi Lovato along with Big Rob performed their hit viral video song ``Bounce'' live on September 2nd at their concert in Toronto.
The Jonas Brothers and Demi Lovato performed their song Bounce live.
Philip Jose Farmer, one of the most celebrated science fiction writers of the 1960s and '70s, has died.
Philip Jose Farmer has died.
US President Barack Obama urged the leader of Azerbaijan, Ilham Aliyev, on Friday to free two jailed Azeri bloggers and increase protections for human rights.
Barack Obama urged to free two jailed Azeri bloggers.
'EXCEPTIONAL' neighbourhood police officers have won awards for their work in making the community a safer place.
Neighbourhood police officers have won awards.
RnB singer Chris Brown announced a month long ``fan appreciation'' tour on Tuesday - the same day that ex-girlfriend Rihanna released a new single seen by some as evoking their stormy relationship.
Chris Brown announced a tour.
Valentin Iglinskiy surprised the top sprinters to dart to victory in Monday's second stage at the Tour of Turkey.
Valentin Iglinskiy surprised the sprinters to dart to victory at the Tour of Turkey.
In the Kansas City edition of the Turnpike Tussle, Emporia State defeated Washburn, 67-61, Thursday night at Municipal Auditorium.
Emporia State defeated Washburn.
A source said: ``Gary can't stand the sight of ballet pumps.
Gary can't stand the sight of ballet pumps.
Federal Finance Minister Dr. Abdul Hafeez Sheikh has said that Pakistan needs reforms in taxation system by replacing the weak taxation machinery with efficient and vibrant tax collecting machinery for the economic prosperity of the country.
Pakistan needs reforms in taxation system.
Officials said a Miami-Dade school bus crashed into a house, but no one was seriously hurt.
A Miami-Dade school bus crashed into a house.
Demonstrators shout slogans in front of a Bankia bank branch during a demonstration against the cuts imposed by the Spanish government at ``La Bola'' street in Ronda, near the southern Spanish city of Malaga, June 13, 2012.
Demonstrators shout slogans during a demonstration against the cuts imposed by the Spanish government in Ronda.
Jaguar could build an SUV to attract younger car buyers and more women into the brand.
Jaguar could build an SUV.
Indian industry bodies have supported a proposed law to criminalise private sector bribery saying such an attempt would help in checking corruption, reports PTI.
Industry bodies have supported a law to criminalise private sector bribery.
US Rep. Michael McCaul took the oath Tuesday for his third term representing Texas' 10th Congressional District.
Michael McCaul took the oath for his third term.
Western envoys on Monday condemned a fake news report in Georgia that Russian tanks had entered the capital, wading into a row that has exposed deep divisions over opposition attempts to mend ties with Moscow.
Western envoys condemned a fake news report in Georgia Russian tanks had entered the capital.
Denmark has turned down a NATO request to send F-16 fighters to Afghanistan as it believes it has done enough for the international military mission there, the foreign minister said Thursday.
Denmark has turned down a NATO request to send F-16 fighters.
US trucker Knight Transportation posted a quarterly profit that missed market estimates due to higher fuel cost and a harsh winter, but said demand trends improved in the current month.
Knight Transportation posted a profit that missed estimates.
A Palestinian prisoner who suffers from a chronic health condition was given the wrong injection at an Israeli prison hospital on Saturday, causing his health to deteriorate.
A Palestinian prisoner was given the wrong injection at an Israeli prison hospital.
US stocks opened in green today, in spite of the unexpected drop of durable goods orders which plunged during February below expectations, while US jobless claims slightly dropped better-than-expected during a week ago, in addition European leaders met to seek a solution to the region's debt crisis.
US stocks opened in green.
Toshiba Corp said today it has decided to build a new NAND flash memory factory in Mie, central Japan, with construction to begin in July.
Toshiba Corp has decided to build a new NAND factory.
Superstar Angelina Jolie is reportedly interested in adopting a child from India.
Angelina Jolie is interested in adopting a child from India.
A new study finds processed meats, including sausages and bacon, may increase the risk of pancreatic cancer.
A study finds processed meats may increase the risk of pancreatic cancer.
In the aftermath of Hurricane Irene, Red Cross officials are saying New Jersey is in need of blood donations.
Red Cross officials are saying New Jersey is in need of blood donations.
President Barack Obama today recognized a Defense Department teacher for the first time as a finalist in the National Teacher of the Year competition.
Barack Obama today recognized a Defense Department teacher.
Music legend Richie Havens will perform at 8 pm, Saturday, Nov. 14, in Percival Auditorium, Fitchburg State College, as part of CenterStage at Fitchburg State College arts and culture series.
Music legend Richie Havens will perform.
Several Rayne High School students participated in the district speech rally competition held at Louisiana State University at Eunice.
Students participated in the district speech rally competition.
YouTube has been blocked in Pakistan, after officials try to block any websites which show provocative images of the Prophet Mohammed.
YouTube has been blocked in Pakistan.
Gunmen kill protest organizer in Iraq Iraqi officials say an anti-government protest organizer has been killed in a drive-by-shooting in the country's north.
Gunmen kill protest organizer in Iraq.
A magnitude 6.1 earthquake has hit off the coast of Vancouver Island, the biggest yet in a swarm of quakes that has shaken the region this week.
A magnitude 6.1 earthquake has hit off the coast of Vancouver Island.
Award winning sports betting and turnkey solutions provider EveryMatrix is proud to announce that four operators are launching with its recently-released PartnerMatrix software.
Four operators are launching with its PartnerMatrix software.
Goldman Sachs upgraded NRG Energy from Neutral to Buy with a price target of $25.00.
Goldman Sachs upgraded NRG Energy to Buy.
Pittsburgh Penguins defenceman Sergei Gonchar has been cleared to play after missing the season to date with a dislocated left shoulder, but won't be in uniform against San Jose on Wednesday night.
Pittsburgh Penguins defenceman Sergei Gonchar has been cleared to play.
Israel requested on Friday that the United Nations intercede in preventing the Gaza-bound Libyan aid ship from violating blockade, the Jerusalem Post reported.
Israel requested the United Nations intercede in preventing the Libyan aid ship from violating blockade.
Weeks after the largest mortgage lender of the country, HDFC, repackaged its teaser rates for home loan, bank's chairman Deepak Parekh said that home loan teaser rates are here to stay for long.
Home loan teaser rates are to stay.
Cold conditions revived in Punjab and Haryana today as mercury fell by a few notches in the state.
Cold conditions revived in Punjab and Haryana.
Jim Furyk will take a one shot lead into the final round of the WGC Bridgestone Invitational tonight.
Jim Furyk will take a lead into the final round of the WGC Bridgestone Invitational.
A chemical company plans to expand its operations in Lee County, creating 60 new jobs.
A chemical company plans to expand in Lee County.
Milwaukee County and community leaders need to support the Zoo because it is one of the area's biggest tourist attractions.
Milwaukee County and community leaders need to support the Zoo.
President Bush on Monday recognized Kosovo's historic declaration of independence, saying ``The Kosavars are now independent.''
Bush recognized, saying The Kosavars are now independent.
MAYOR Sam Katz announced Thursday that École Stanley Knowles and Montrose School choirs had been chosen to sing O Canada at Winnipeg's Olympic Torch Relay Celebration.
Choirs had been chosen to sing O Canada.
Wednesday in Asia, the Canadian dollar showed mixed trading against its major counterparts.
The Canadian dollar showed mixed trading against its major counterparts.
Toshiba has today announced three new TV promotions in an effort to compete with other vendors this Christmas season.
Toshiba has today announced three TV promotions.
For everyonewho asks, receives; and the one who seeks, finds; and to the one who knocks,the door will be opened.
Everyonewho asks and, the door will be opened.
Nassib was drafted Saturday by the New York Giants in the fourth round.
Nassib was drafted by the New York Giants.
The rupee ended flat against the dollar on Friday amid improved supply of home remittances and high demand for import payments, dealers said.
The rupee ended flat.
The budget session of National Assembly to be presided by Speaker NA Dr Fehmida Mirza will start today at 5:00 pm.
The budget session to be presided will start today.
The 17-country eurozone appeared headed for its second recession in three years.
The eurozone appeared headed for its second recession in three years.
State firefighters put out a small man-made fire along Hughes Road near Delta on Tuesday after a fire crew spotted smoke from a smoldering berm pile, the Alaska Interagency Coordination Center reported Wednesday.
Firefighters put out a small fire near Delta.
Last night, Kanye West returned to Saturday Night Live to perform ``Power'' and ``Runaway,`` according to MTV.
Kanye West returned to Saturday Night Live.
PepsiCo plans to invest up to $3 billion in Mexico in the next five years to expand growth of its beverages and food brands Sabritas and Gamesa there.
PepsiCo plans to invest up to $ 3 billion in Mexico.
Morgan Freeman thinks the tea party is racist, and he's not alone since recent studies have tied Tea Party ideals with cultural and racial issues.
Morgan Freeman thinks the tea party is racist.
The University of La Verne announced Wednesday that it has received $1.5 million in grant funding for programs in STEM education.
The University of La Verne has received $ 1.5 million in grant funding.
Two motorcyclists, one of them a teenager, were killed in two separate accidents yesterday.
Two motorcyclists were killed in two separate accidents.
Corfu, as well as most other holiday destinations in Greece, continued to show an increase in arrivals in September, vindicating forecasts of an increase in tourism that will exceed 10 percent for the whole of the year.
Corfu, as well as holiday destinations in Greece, continued to show an increase in arrivals in September.
Former BART police officer Johannes Mehserle was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter in the killing of Oscar Grant III by a Los Angeles jury on Thursday.
Former BART police officer Johannes Mehserle was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter.
The 11th annual Full Frame Documentary Film Festival drew to a close on Sunday, April 6 with record breaking attendance.
The Full Frame Documentary Film Festival drew to a close with record breaking attendance.
Cameco Corp said on Wednesday its Rabbit Lake mine has resumed normal operations ``well ahead of schedule,'' after the world's biggest uranium producer was able to seal off the source of a water inflow that had halted mining.
Cameco Corp said its Rabbit Lake mine has resumed operations.
NATO forces say they are looking into the shooting death of an Afghan policeman in the south, allegedly by a NATO soldier.
NATO forces say they are looking into the shooting death of an Afghan policeman, allegedly by a NATO soldier.
Australia's koalas could be extinct in 30 years, conservationists warned Tuesday, calling for the iconic creatures to be declared an endangered species.
Australia's koalas could be extinct in 30 years, conservationists warned.
A Schofield Barracks soldier accused of killing a military contractor in Iraq has pleaded not guilty to murder and other charges.
A Schofield Barracks soldier has pleaded not guilty to murder.
Dexter star Michael C. Hall has cancer but he is on the road to recovery.
Dexter star Michael C. Hall has cancer.
A security guard at the Wang Kelian duty free complex near here pleaded guilty in the Sessions Court yesterday to raping his 12-year-old daughter last month.
A guard pleaded guilty to raping his daughter.
The Minnesota baseball team defeated Illinois 12-8 in the second game of the doubleheader to gain a split on Saturday, Apr. 18.
The Minnesota team defeated Illinois 12 in the second game of the doubleheader.
Three Spaniards were shot dead by an Afghan police recruit in a ``premeditated attack'' at their training camp officials have said.
Three Spaniards were shot dead by an Afghan police recruit.
Yesterday, June 13th, Taylor Swift met with her fans for 13 hours at the CMA Music Festival.
Taylor Swift met with her fans for 13 hours.
BASF is taking steps to optimize its structures in order to sharpen the company's focus on its customer industries.
BASF is taking steps to optimize its structures.
Eight homes were destroyed in Monroe County after two tornados swept through early Sunday evening.
Eight homes were destroyed in Monroe County.
The main Sydney to Melbourne rail line has been closed after a fatal car crash in southern NSW.
The Sydney to Melbourne rail line has been closed after a crash.
Los Angeles Lakers guard Kobe Bryant throws a pass off the backboard to himself to set up an assist to forward Pau Gasol in a game against the New York Knicks.
Guard Kobe Bryant throws a pass off the backboard to set up an assist to forward Pau Gasol.
Irish Continental Group carried 1.5 per cent fewer passengers in the year to date while car volumes fell 5.5 per cent.
Irish Continental Group carried fewer passengers.
Bury have extended the loan spell of Blackburn defender Gavin Gunning until the end of January.
Bury have extended the loan spell of Blackburn defender Gavin Gunning.
Gov. Chris Gregoire wants to consolidate several state agencies and eliminate three dozen boards and commissions in a plan she says will save the state nearly $30 million over the next two years.
Chris Gregoire wants to consolidate agencies and eliminate three boards.
New York: ``The US economy appears to be in a recession,'' the head of the San Francisco branch of the Federal Reserve, the nation's central bank, said.
The US economy appears to be in a recession.
Hugo Chavez, Venezuela's ailing leader, is ``gaining strength'' following complications from his cancer surgery last month in Cuba, according to Vice President Nicolas Maduro.
Hugo Chavez is gaining strength, according to Nicolas Maduro.
Guinean police officers released Monday the dozen superiors they took hostage in the capital Conakry earlier in the day as part of a pay protest, a police source said.
Guinean police officers released the superiors they took hostage.
The US economy has unofficially pulled out of the worst recession in 70 years, showing growth after four consecutive quarters of contraction.
The US economy has pulled out of the recession.
On Monday, the NHL announced that winger Mike Cammalleri has been suspended for one game, Thursday's regular season opening contest against Toronto.
Mike Cammalleri has been suspended for one game.
YS Rajasekhara Reddy of the Congress Wednesday evening took oath as the Andhra Pradesh chief minister for the second consecutive term.
YS Rajasekhara Reddy took oath as the Andhra Pradesh chief minister.
Today, Danisco broke ground on a major plant expansion at the Danisco cultures plant in Madison, WI, USA.
Danisco broke ground on a expansion at the plant in Madison USA.
Newsday \u003e Sports \u003e Baseball \u003e Mets Mets rally for 6 in 9th to stun Cards Published:
Mets rally for 6 in 9th to stun Cards.
Queen Elizabeth II conferred a knighthood on ``The Satanic Verses'' author Salman Rushdie on Wednesday, a year after the announcement of the...
Queen Elizabeth II conferred a knighthood on The author Salman Rushdie.
Strong storms caused damage in several neighborhoods across Central Florida Friday night.
Storms caused damage in neighborhoods across Central Florida.
Researchers may have discovered traces of a lost mural by Leonardo da Vinci by poking a probe through cracks in a 16th-century fresco painted on the wall of one of Florence's most famous buildings.
Researchers may have discovered traces of a lost mural.
A nude photo of a 20-year-old Madonna that appeared in Playboy has been sold at auction for US$37,500.
A nude photo of a Madonna has been sold at auction for US $ 37,500.
A law banning ''insulting'' language and behaviour is strangling free speech and should be scrapped, a campaign spearheaded by a senior Tory MP has demanded.
A law banning insulting language is strangling free speech.
Several shots were fired at a Marine Corps museum near Washington overnight, police said on Friday, in the latest of a series of shootings at military buildings around the US capital.
Several shots were fired at a Marine Corps museum near Washington overnight.
An off duty Bronx cop was arrested and charged with a DWI after a car crash yesterday that left his partner in a medically-induced coma.
An duty cop was arrested and charged with a DWI after a crash that left his partner in a coma.
While at the BET Awards press conference, Brown broke the news saying, ``The song is dedicated to all my fans but the song is called 'They Don't Know', but this song features Aaliyah.''
Brown broke the news.
A Hopi village has opened a hotel and conference center billed as the western gateway to the reservation.
A Hopi village has opened a hotel and conference center.
The High Point University volleyball team is back in action Saturday as they host Winthrop in the ``Compete for the Cause'' game to raise money and awareness for the fight against Breast Cancer at 2 pm at the Millis Center.
The volleyball team is as they host Winthrop in the Compete for the Cause game.
Israel has reopened its embassy in Cairo and resumed diplomatic activity in the mission one month after it had closed as a result of the security and political situation in Egypt which saw former President Hosni Mubarak step down.
Israel has reopened its embassy in Cairo.
An analysis by a Dow Jones financial markets publisher has put Charleston in the Top 50 best cities to do business.
An analysis has put Charleston in the Top 50 cities to do business.
Rochester investigators are trying to figure out how a semi tractor caught fire Sunday morning.
A semi tractor caught fire.
``It is a matter of fact that highest number of tricolors are hoisted in Kashmir on January 26. Flags are hoisted at nearly 400 to 450 places across the Valley. At the famous Lal Chowk, there are more than 10 places where the tricolor is hoisted, including Clock Tower Lal-Chowk, Palladium Chowk, Needous Hotel, Radio Kashmir, TV Station, Telephone Exchange and at many other places. These flags are hoisted every year by the force personnel,'' the Chairman of APSCC, Jagmohan Singh Raina, said in a statement.
It is a matter highest number of tricolors are hoisted in Kashmir.
Jamaica and Canada have signed a new air service agreement, replacing the agreement signed on October 18, 1985 and subsequently amended in 1987.
Jamaica and Canada have signed a new air service agreement.
A Montana justice of the peace set to preside over a DUI court later this year has been charged with driving under the influence of drugs after authorities said he stumbled sweating and disoriented into a police station.
A justice this year has been charged with driving under the influence.
Iran has offered insurance for Indian refiners to boost its crude sales, industry sources said Monday, as the Islamic Republic looks to counter a fall in revenues hit by tough western sanctions.
Iran has offered insurance for Indian refiners.
Hugh Grant is ''pretty much finished'' with acting.
Hugh Grant is finished with acting.
A new approach to risk profiling has been revealed by Merchant Investor with the launch of the Accel Client Risk Profiler.
A new approach to risk profiling has been revealed.
Elena Kagan was sworn in as the nation's 112th Supreme Court Justice by Chief Justice John Roberts.
Elena Kagan was sworn in as the nation's Supreme Court Justice.
Police were called when a father tried to discipline his daughter on school grounds at High Mount Elementary School.
Police were called a father tried to discipline his daughter.
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. announced today that it received a framework agreement from the City of Edinburgh Council to provide civil engineering services for various projects throughout Edinburgh, Scotland.
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. received a framework agreement from the City of Edinburgh Council to provide civil engineering services.
Former CAA Agent Steve Alexander has joined former ICM Chairman Jeff Berg's new agency, Resolution, the company announced on Wednesday.
CAA Agent Steve Alexander has joined former ICM Chairman Jeff Berg's agency, Resolution.
An animal made a Thanksgiving meal out of a cable line, knocking out cable and internet service to roughly 1,000 customers in an eastern Iowa town.
An animal made, knocking out cable in an eastern Iowa town.
A Twin Cities couple is charged with prostituting a runaway teen with a developmental disorder.
A Twin Cities couple is charged with prostituting a runaway teen.
These design patents essentially cover computer images that are shown on a screen, such as a computer display or smartphone.
These design patents cover computer images that are shown.
A landlord took extreme measures when he changed the locks on his property and put all his tenant's belongings in the street, while the tenant was away travelling.
He changed and put his tenant's belongings in the street.
Blue Star Infotech, a global provider of IT Solutions and Services to enterprises, announced that it will be implementing Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2009 for Snowman Frozen Foods Limited.
Blue Star Infotech will be implementing Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2009 for Snowman Frozen Foods Limited.
A 26-year-old Vancouver man pleaded not guilty Thursday to one count of vehicular assault in connection with a crash that injured a 3-year-old boy in his Salmon Creek home.
A Vancouver man pleaded not guilty to one count of vehicular assault.
The Edmonton Oilers took the bad with the good Saturday, when they weren't taking it on the chin.
The Edmonton Oilers weren't taking on the chin.
The National Press Club urged the US Congress to enact legislation that would discourage foreign lawsuits that limit American authors' and journalists' First Amendment rights.
The National Press Club urged the US Congress to enact legislation that would discourage foreign lawsuits that limit.
End of the Road Festival have revealed that California band Grandaddy will reunite for a ``limited run of shows'' including a headlining slot at the September UK fest. Info on all of the indie rock group's other dates is still forthcoming.
Grandaddy will reunite for a limited run of shows.
Associated with the Piedmont region of Italy, panna cotta is a lot easier to make than it sounds.
Panna cotta is easier to make than it sounds.
Bethesda and Chevy Chase residents sounded off on transit, development, and the budget at a Wednesday evening County Council town hall at Westland Middle School.
Bethesda and Chevy Chase residents sounded off at a evening County Council town hall.
Naomi Watts has revealed that she is often told she looks ``just like that actress Naomi Watts'' by unsuspecting fans.
Naomi Watts is told she looks just like Naomi Watts.
A new fan Web site produced by the Florida State women's basketball team is drawing stern criticism from some women's basketball writers, citing concerns of homophobia and over glamorization of female athletes.
A Web site produced by the Florida State women's basketball team is drawing criticism.
/PanARMENIAN.Net/ The Armenian peacekeeping brigade will meet NATO standards by 2015, the RA Defense Minister said.
PanARMENIAN.Net / The Armenian peacekeeping brigade will meet NATO standards by 2015.
Three Ilkeston men were involved in a street brawl in Chesterfield in which a man was kicked ``like a football,'' a court was told.
A man was kicked like a football.
Severe weather including heavy rains, lightning and hail moved into south central Kentucky and Middle Tennessee, but no damage has been immediately reported.
Severe weather, moved into central Kentucky.
Students planning to pursue a degree in agriculture or forestry at Auburn University can apply for Alfa/Alabama Farmers Federation scholarships until Dec. 1.
Students can apply for scholarships.
Antichrist, starring Willem Dafoe and Charlotte Gainsbourg, opens in theaters Friday, October 23.
Antichrist, starring Willem Dafoe, opens in theaters Friday, October 23.
The Statue of Liberty will close for a year for renovations to make its interior safer and more accessible, said officials.
The Statue of Liberty will close for a year.
Hank Steinbrenner says he's not upset that team captain Derek Jeter supported Jorge Posada.
Hank Steinbrenner says he's not upset Derek Jeter supported.
England fullback Ashley Cole wants to quit Chelsea and join former Blues coach Jose Mourinho at Real Madrid, the News of the World reported, citing a source it didn't identify.
Ashley Cole wants to quit Chelsea and join at Real Madrid, the News of the World reported.
Defence experts have warned that climate change could cause global conflicts as large as the two world wars, which would last for centuries unless the problem is controlled.
Climate change could cause global conflicts large as the two world wars.
Two WSSU professors allegedly sent an e-mail on Dec. 8 asking other faculty members to support the DREAM Act, according to the Winston-Salem Journal.
Two WSSU professors sent asking faculty members to support the DREAM Act.
Nepali Congress president Sushil Koirala has said he would rather quit from his post than relent to pressure and compromise on his values and norms.
Sushil Koirala would rather quit than relent to pressure.
Indian sugar futures may open down on Friday on delivery pressure in the July contract, which expires later in the day and on talks government may raise supplies to tame rising prices, analysts said.
Indian sugar futures may open down on delivery pressure.
San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom is a metrosexual.
Gavin Newsom is a metrosexual.
UNPO to host landmark conference on 19 September 2008 in Tallinn, Estonia, on population transfer from Baltic and Tibetan perspectives.
UNPO to host conference on population transfer from Baltic and Tibetan perspectives.
An unborn baby is clinging to life after its mother was shot three times by the Batman massacre gunman, the Daily Mail can reveal.
An unborn baby is clinging to life after its mother was shot three times.
Independent rights organization Merlin has reached a settlement out of court with now-defunct file sharing service LimeWire.
Merlin has reached a settlement with LimeWire.
Arthur J. Gallagher \u0026 Co. announced Wednesday that it will acquire Triad USA Inc., the latest of a number of acquisitions for the insurance broker.
Arthur J. Gallagher \u0026 Co. will acquire Triad USA Inc..
Q2ebanking, a progressive financial services technology company serving community financial institutions, today announced it has joined the Oklahoma Bankers Association as a strategic member.
Q2ebanking has joined the Oklahoma Bankers Association.
Chris Cagle was found not guilty of a domestic assault charge Thursday in Nashville after his girlfriend refused to testify against him.
Chris Cagle was found not guilty of a domestic assault charge.
Quarterback Sam Bradford tossed an eight-yard touchdown pass to Ryan Broyles, lifting Oklahoma to a 7-0 lead over BYU Saturday.
Sam Bradford tossed an touchdown pass.
Assemblywoman Anna Caballero, D-Salinas, said she ``broke ranks with many Assembly Democrats'' Thursday when she voted to confirm the nomination of Sen. Abel Maldonado, R-Santa Maria, for lieutenant governor.
Anna Caballero broke she voted to confirm the nomination of Abel Maldonado.
A long string of commercial burglaries in Petaluma continued with three more reported during the holiday weekend, reported Petaluma police.
A string of commercial burglaries in Petaluma continued.
Prime Minister Syed Yusaf Raza Gilani has said that evolution of democracy and rule of constitution should reign supreme, regardless of his tenure as a prime minister.
Evolution of democracy and rule of constitution should reign supreme.
2013-05-01T14:27:41Z 2013-05-02T15:02:41Z Minn. gives students more time to complete tests Winona Daily News Computer glitches are prompting the Minnesota Department of Education to give schools more time to complete spring testing.
Minn. gives students more time to complete tests.
Coach Jim Calhoun on Thursday's opening round loss: ``(Iowa State) showed up tonight at a different speed and a different level. The first few minutes kind of set the tone for the game. I thought we started off too weak to win the basketball game. Give them all the credit.''
Jim Calhoun : showed up. Give the credit.
Japanese stocks rebounded strongly early Wednesday after a two-day losing streak, with a solid finish on Wall Street, a weakened yen and eased worries over China's credit crunch helping lift shares across sectors.
Japanese stocks rebounded strongly.
Two petitions have been turned in for the two open spots on the Britton-Hecla Board of Education.
Two petitions have been turned in.
The second Walmart Neighborhood Market store in the Portland area will open Wednesday in north Beaverton.
The Walmart Neighborhood Market store will open Wednesday in Beaverton.
A 40-year-old Auburn man admitted in Cayuga County Court Thursday morning to sexually touching a woman while she slept.
A Auburn man admitted to sexually touching a woman while she slept.
He once vowed to ``live poor and die rich'' -- and 60-year-old Sean Quinn practises what he preaches, judging by the tales of his modest way of life.
He vowed to live poor and die rich.
Amidst the staggering layoffs and turbulent economy, 88 percent of laid off employees rate their layoff experiences as poor, 81 percent of those still employed believe job security is poor and 74 percent rate morale as poor, according to the latest data released by Telonu, a new rating and review site for the workplace.
Amidst the layoffs, 88 percent of laid employees rate their experiences as poor.
SAN DIEGO -Jeremy Tyler, the 18-year-old basketball phenom who is skipping his senior year at San Diego High, has signed a one-year contract with Maccabi Haifa of the Israeli Premier League.
Jeremy Tyler has signed a contract with Maccabi Haifa.
Former Cicero President Betty Loren-Maltese arrived at a Chicago halfway house today after her release from prison for her role in a scheme that bilked town coffers of more than $12 million.
Betty Loren-Maltese arrived at a Chicago halfway house.
Taipei, Nov. 23 Taiwan share prices closed down 0.55 percent Tuesday as investors pocketed the gains posted in the previous session amid lingering concerns over the debt problems in Europe, dealers said.
Taipei, Taiwan share prices closed down 0.55 percent.
Asian markets mostly up, yen sinks lower Updated: 23:06, Friday February 1, 2013 Asian markets were mixed, with Tokyo boosted by further weakness in the yen, while official data indicated Chinese manufacturing activity grew in January but at a moderate rate.
Asian markets mostly up, yen sinks lower Updated.
Mexico declared an end to the H7N3 bird flu virus outbreak in the western part of the country last week after reporting 68 days without a new case.
Mexico declared an end to the H7N3 bird flu virus outbreak.
Upko on Monday called on the Federal Government to return Labuan to the Sabah Government for failing to administer the island and maintain its free port status.
Upko called to return Labuan.
England manager Roy Hodgson has urged fans to stop living in the past when it comes to the World Cup.
Roy Hodgson has urged fans to stop living in the past.
A woman has died following a police car chase in central London, police said on Sunday.
A woman has died following a police car chase.
Mail order retailer Liberty Interactive Inc., said Tuesday it slipped to a loss in the third quarter, as loss from discontinued businesses and absence of tax gains recorded last year more than offset an eight percent growth in sales that topped Wall Street estimates.
Liberty Interactive Inc. slipped to a loss.
Belgian pharmaceutical group UCB said on Tuesday it planned to cut around 2 percent of its workforce with a streamlining of activities in Britain and Belgium.
UCB planned to cut around 2 percent of its workforce.
Hines Ward, a four-time Pro Bowl wide receiver, announced his retirement Tuesday after 14 seasons with the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Hines Ward announced his retirement.
A military veteran was reportedly killed by his own son in front of their Massachusetts home, MyFoxBoston.com reports.
A military veteran was reportedly killed by his son in front of their Massachusetts home.
DONATIONS are needed for a chocolate tombola to raise money for Wyre Forest Specialist Play Area Fundraisers are looking for bars or boxes of the sweet stuff for a tombola at Wyre Forest Navy Cadet Training Corps Fayre on May 19.
DONATIONS are needed for a chocolate tombola.
External Affairs Minister Pranab Mukherjee has been given the additional charge of the finance ministry till such time as Prime Minister Manmohan Singh recovers from the heart bypass surgery he is to undergo on Saturday.
Pranab Mukherjee has been given the additional charge of the finance ministry.
French actor Gerard Depardieu has been granted Russian citizenship by president Vladimir Putin, according to an official statement from the Kremlin.
French actor Gerard Depardieu has been granted Russian citizenship.
A severe thunderstorm warning has been issued for Iowa, Johnson and Linn counties until 7 pm today.
A severe thunderstorm warning has been issued.
The Competition Commission said on Thursday it has referred its findings of price fixing in the supply of bitumen by major oil companies to the Tribunal.
The Competition Commission has referred by oil companies to the Tribunal.
A Thompson Valley High School student has been diagnosed with pertussis, also known as whooping cough, and a second suspect case involves a Walt Clark Middle School student, according to health officials.
A Thompson Valley High School student has been diagnosed with pertussis, known as whooping cough.
Also shaking Chinese markets is the departure of Guo Shuqing as head of the China's markets regulator, the Securities Regulatory Commission.
Also shaking Chinese markets is the departure of Guo Shuqing as head of the China's markets regulator.
Disaster-weary Japan was rattled by another strong quake Friday, which measured at a preliminary magnitude of 6.8, triggered a tsunami warning and sent people diving for cover.
Japan was rattled by another strong quake.
Public sector lender Union Bank of India on Saturday announced a new 1100 days term deposit scheme offering an interest of 9.15 per cent per annum.
Union Bank of India announced a new term deposit scheme.
AN Evesham man has been sentenced to 10 years and eight months in prison for attempted murder.
AN man has been sentenced to 10 years for attempted murder.
North Korea vowed Thursday to enlarge its atomic arsenal and warned of a ``fire shower of nuclear retaliation'' in the event of a US attack, as the regime marked the 1950 outbreak of the Korean War.
North Korea vowed to enlarge its atomic arsenal.
With ten games to go in the Airtricity League First Division, Limerick striker Denis Behan has his mind firmly set on promotion, whether as league champions or not.
Denis Behan has his mind set on promotion.
Rep. Louise Slaughter said Monday that she likes the district she has now, though that was not always the case.
Louise Slaughter likes the district she has now.
PROPERTY magnate Gerald Ronson yesterday urged Britain to get behind the City of London and cement its position as one of the world's ``go-to'' capital markets.
Gerald Ronson yesterday urged Britain to get behind the City of London.
The rotating postal strikes hits Calgary and Edmonton, Alberta strike began 10p.m MT in Edmonton.
The postal strikes hits Calgary and Edmonton.
A novel study led by Johns Hopkins scientists has revealed that sugar plays a vital role in cell division -- a finding that would lead to new treatments for a number of diseases, including cancer.
Sugar plays a vital role in cell division.
Kirk \u0026 Mick chat about the forthcoming singles night Subscribe to the Official The Only Way Is Essex channel for new videos every Monday and Friday - http://www.youtube.com/user/OfficialT...
The Only Way Is Essex channel.
An Army Chief \\``has a right to retire with dignity\\'', Gen VK Singh has pleaded before the Supreme Court while accepting the government\\'s right to determine his tenure.
An Army Chief has a right to retire with dignity.
Victor Hanescu was fined $15,000 by Wimbledon officials Saturday after spitting at hecklers in his third-round match.
Victor Hanescu was fined $ 15,000 by Wimbledon officials.
COUGAR TOWN ``Don't Do Me Like That'' Episode 3 - Jules' family and friends impede on her all-important tenth date with new boyfriend Josh, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 7 on the ABC Television Network.
COUGAR TOWN Don't Do Like Episode 3 - Jules ' family impede.
HAMPSHIRE revellers returning from London were stranded for nearly an hour in Basingstoke this morning.
Revellers were stranded for nearly an hour.
British designer John Galliano will go on trial over accusations he made racist insults, the French public prosecutor's office said.
John Galliano will go on trial over accusations he made racist insults.
Benjamin Netanyahu is due to be sworn in as Israel's new prime minister later today.
Benjamin Netanyahu is due to be sworn in.
Lagos A ghastly road accident on the Ayangba-Dekina road in Dekina Local Government Area of Kogi State in northern Nigeria on Friday claimed 55 lives and injured 38 others.
Lagos A road accident in Nigeria claimed 55 lives.
The Minister of Foreign Trade and Tourism, Mercedes Araoz, explained to local media that 83.5% of the Peruvian exports to China will not be imposed any tariff, according to the Free Trade Agreement that both countries signed recently.
83.5% of the Peruvian exports to China will not be imposed any tariff.
Virgin Trains is overhauling its website to convey the brand's new positioning of train travel as superior to other modes of transport.
Virgin Trains is overhauling its website.
Mahindra \u0026 Mahindra today said it would launch its multipurpose vehicle, XYLO, in this quarter.
Mahindra \u0026 Mahindra would launch its vehicle, XYLO, in this quarter.
HUNDREDS more midwives are needed in the south west to keep up with the baby boom, according to the Royal College of Midwives.
More midwives are needed in the south west.
Dish Network Corp. and the Weather Channel have reached a multiyear agreement for the continued distribution of the cable channel on Dish Network's service.
Dish Network Corp. and the Weather Channel have reached a agreement.
COMMUNICATIONS Minister Stephen Conroy has threatened further reforms of the telecommunications industry after a massive spike in complaints from customers.
Stephen Conroy has threatened further reforms.
US Senator Kirsten Gillibrand talks about her friend, former Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords of Arizona, while meeting with editors and reporters for The Post-Standard.
Senator Kirsten Gillibrand talks about her friend, former Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords.
A man attempted to sexually assault a teenage girl at gunpoint Monday morning in the West Lawn neighborhood on the Southwest Side, according to Chicago Police.
A man attempted to sexually assault a girl in the West Lawn neighborhood.
The government and the Ministry of Agriculture are closely monitoring the drought in parts of the country where it could cause problems, Prime Minister Helen Clark said yesterday.
The government are monitoring the drought.
A former Yurok Tribe forestry director charged in August by the US Attorney's Office with embezzling nearly $1 million from the tribe has been released from jail.
A former Yurok Tribe forestry director has been released from jail.
Research reports from brokerages suggest that L\u0026T has been disqualified from the mega NTPC deal.
L\u0026T has been disqualified from the mega NTPC deal.
A new study shows that secondhand smoke exposure may cause ADHD, depression, anxiety and other behavioral disorders in kids.
Secondhand smoke exposure may cause ADHD.
Vietnam is hosting a weeklong naval exchange with the US Navy this week amid percolating tensions in the South China Sea with China.
Vietnam is hosting a naval exchange with the US Navy.
A child, 10, was killed in a random shooting after a gunman started firing random shots at vehicles on Monday night, Oakdale's police chief said.
A child, 10, was killed in a random shooting.
HOUSTON Detectives found the body of a missing US postal worker Friday evening and her her burned-out vehicle was located in San Jacinto County.
Detectives found the body of a missing postal worker.
Prince William County police are investigating vandalism at the Ridgewood Professional Center in Dale City that occurred between Feb. 25 and Tuesday.
Police are investigating vandalism.
Selangor Menteri Besar Tan Sri Abdul Khalid Ibrahim said today that the state government will allow the illegal assembly planned for Saturday to be held in Shah Alam Stadium.
The assembly planned to be held in Shah Alam Stadium.
Mumbai, May 11 To ensure that the country's nuclear programme is not dependent on the implementation of the Indo- US civil nuclear deal, the government is investing heavily in uranium exploration, a top official of the Department of Atomic Energy said today.
The government is investing heavily in uranium exploration.
Some 13 Indonesian sailors onboard Singaporean ship MT Gemini were held hostage by Somali pirates in Somalian waters during its sailing to Kenya on Saturday, Indonesian official said in Jakarta on Tuesday.
Some 13 Indonesian sailors were held hostage by Somali pirates.
House Speaker Calvin Say issued this statement following the news that Gov. Linda Lingle plans to begin delivering layoff notices to 1,100 workers.
House Speaker Calvin Say issued this statement.
Jennifer, who was married to Brad Pitt and has since dated Vince Vaughn and John Mayer, said: ``Mormons are fascinating... I dated a Mormon once.''
Jennifer dated a Mormon.
A Greek citizen was attacked and robbed in Bulgarian seaside city of Burgas on Tuesday at about 1:30 am, District Police Directorate --
A Greek citizen was attacked and robbed in Bulgarian city of Burgas.
WestJet announced a partnership with Mokulele Airlines, an inter-island airline based in Kona, Hawaii.
WestJet announced a partnership with Mokulele Airlines.
FRESNO, Calif. A small group of third graders from Fresno is trying to prove that girls can change the world.
Girls can change the world.
A MOTHER was arrested after allegedly leaving her six young children, aged one through to 11, home alone inside a filthy home in Kansas City, Missouri, for nearly two days, MyFox National reports.
A MOTHER was arrested after leaving her six children home alone for nearly two days.
Days before the Super Tuesday Election, fliers are stirring controversy in Cedar Grove.
Fliers are stirring controversy in Cedar Grove.
LONDON -West Ham beat Norwich 2-1 at Upton Park on Tuesday, handing the Canaries their fourth consecutive Premier League defeat.
West Ham beat Norwich 2 1, handing their Premier League defeat.
Jorge Lorenzo is sure he can match Honda in this weekend's Malaysian Grand Prix, despite acknowledging that Yamaha's main rival is in even stronger shape with Casey Stoner back on form.
Jorge Lorenzo is sure he can match Honda.
Vodafone Group Plc starts cloud computing services in Germany today, Handelsblatt reported, citing Hank Skorny, the strategy chief of Real Networks Inc., which provides technology for the program.
Vodafone Group Plc starts cloud computing services in Germany, Handelsblatt reported.
Boeing sent a 787 up on a test flight Saturday, the first since the new airliner was grounded three weeks ago because of a battery fire.
Boeing sent a 787 up on a test flight.
The recovery of drug and alcohol addicts was compared in a study published on Friday to tackle the challenges they face.
The recovery of drug and alcohol addicts was compared in a study.
A Bismarck man has been charged with two Class A felonies for allegedly having sexual contact with a 14-year-old girl.
A Bismarck man has been charged with two felonies.
The Laureate Wind Quintet, an ensemble of faculty woodwind players at West Virginia University, will perform a recital at the Creative Arts Center tonight at 7:30.
The Laureate Wind Quintet will perform tonight.
Secretary of State Hilary Clinton travelled to Haiti to consult with members of civil society, political actors and international partners on the ongoing electoral situation as well as reconstruction efforts.
Hilary Clinton travelled to Haiti.
St. Bernard announced it is shuttering its varsity football program this season, just 10 days before the Aug. 24 opener against Westchester.
St. Bernard is shuttering its varsity football program this season.
Henry Taub, who was a co-owner of the New Jersey Nets for nearly 20 years, has died.
Henry Taub, who was, has died.
Oman, which gives the highest priority to human resources development, will spend nearly RO6 billion on education in the next five years that will involve building many new schools and vocational training colleges and more scholarships for students to pursue higher studies.
Oman will spend nearly RO6 billion on education.
Zytiga, the prostate cancer drug, was approved last week by Scottish authorities for the use on patients covered under NHS.
Zytiga, the prostate cancer drug, was approved by Scottish authorities.
NY woman, 86, falls off cliff while raking leaves Authorities say an 86-year-old western New York woman tumbled off a cliff while doing yard work and clung to a tree for an hour before being rescued.
NY woman, 86, falls off cliff while raking leaves Authorities say.
Two people familiar with his case say Rapper TI is expected to plead guilty today to federal weapons charges and will face prison time.
Rapper TI is expected to plead guilty.
A wildfire that has burned nearly 31,000 acres in eastern North Carolina may smolder for months as it burns decayed vegetation, a state official said on Saturday.
A wildfire has burned in North Carolina.
As many as 129 army personnel, including three dozen officers, were found guilty of human rights violations mostly in Jammu and Kashmir and Northeast in the last two decades, defence sources have said.
As many as 129 army personnel were found guilty of rights violations.
Villagers in Nadoi, Rewa, are now waiting for urgent help as over 893 people are without food and water.
Villagers are waiting for urgent help.
A new mapping tool has been launched which allows users to pinpoint an area of the country and find its drive time from services such as hospitals and schools.
A new mapping tool has been launched.
CHICO, Calif. - Several Northern California newspapers are getting new publishers as part of a management consolidation effort by MediaNews Group Inc.
CHICO - Northern California newspapers are getting new publishers.
'We have been repeatedly reminded that the promotion and protection of human rights should be based on the principle of cooperation and genuine dialogue and aimed at strengthening the capacity of member states to comply with their human rights obligations for the benefit of all human kind.
The promotion and protection of human rights should be based on the principle of cooperation and genuine dialogue.
Pakistan will export mangoes and higher-quality textile and leather goods to Japan, Trade Development Authority of Pakistan Chief Executive Tariq Iqbal Puri said February 28.
Pakistan will export mangoes and textile goods to Japan, said.
Texas gubernatorial candidate Kay Bailey Hutchison is coming under fire from a prominent pro-life group for missing an important pro-life vote.
Texas gubernatorial candidate Kay Bailey Hutchison is coming under fire for missing an pro-life vote.
Four domestic violence calls kept Dane County deputies busy Wednesday night, with four people arrested on a variety of tentative charges in the incidents.
Four domestic violence calls kept deputies busy Wednesday night.
Excessive publicities on alcoholic drink, related to the facility of purchasing the product, contributes to the consumption of alcoholic drinks by the youths.
Publicities on alcoholic drink contributes to the consumption.
The Brumby Shell petrol station on Ashby Road, Scunthorpe, reopened yesterday after being closed for refurbishments for seven weeks.
The petrol station reopened.
A pickup truck that was carrying suspected undocumented immigrants crashed following a chase with Border Patrol agents, police said.
A truck that was carrying suspected immigrants crashed following a chase.
The Everton vs. Manchester United match Saturday morning ended in a remarkable 3-3 draw, as Everton miraculously scored twice in the 90th minute to erase a 3-1 deficit and escape with the tie.
The Everton vs. Manchester United match ended in a 3 3 draw.
Henry Shefflin is set to carry the Olympic torch in Croke Park at 9.15am today.
Henry Shefflin is set to carry the Olympic torch.
Kathy Griffin is dating Howard Stern Show celebrity super fan and Old Spice peddler Isaiah Mustafa.
Kathy Griffin is dating and Old Spice peddler Isaiah Mustafa.
US based automaker GM has announced that they are going to cut 1,600 more jobs in the coming days.
GM are going to cut 1,600 more jobs.
David Letterman is the target of online jihadists for joking about the death of an Al-Qaeda member.
David Letterman is the target of jihadists.
Mayor Kim McMillan is announcing that all water restrictions, including voluntary restrictions, have been officially lifted.
Kim McMillan is announcing all water restrictions have been lifted.
A woman who was found unconscious in an Edinburgh river had travelled up from London the previous day.
A woman who was found in an river had travelled up from London the previous day.
Joel Madden is writing a memoir about his life.
Joel Madden is writing a memoir.
Thieves made off with thousands of dollars of gems Friday night after robbing two jewelry salesmen in northeast Calgary.
Thieves made off with thousands of gems.
Renee and Yasmine show how to how easy it is to charge a Chevy Volt.
How it is to charge a Chevy Volt.
Force India driver Paul di Resta has separated from his manager Anthony Hamilton who has been one of the most important personalities in developing his career in Formula 1 so far.
Force India driver Paul di Resta has separated from his manager Anthony Hamilton.
``As part of my ongoing mission to become the next Roger Corman, I am thrilled to announce I'll be producing Hellions,'' director Tim Sullivan announced to his Facebook followers.
I 'll be producing Hellions.
Japanese retailer Aeon Co. said Thursday it will extend a $200 million loan to its US clothing affiliate Talbots Inc., which will use the whole amount for repayments to its creditor banks.
Aeon Co. said it will extend a loan to its US affiliate Talbots Inc..
A Fort Jackson basic combat training soldier died Saturday shortly after collapsing while taking the Army physical fitness test at one of the post's physical training areas.
A Fort Jackson training soldier died.
Australia beat Pakistan by 150 runs on the fourth day of the first cricket Test at Lord's, with part-time spinner Marcus North claiming six wickets to be the surprise match-winner on Friday.
Australia beat Pakistan by 150 runs on the day of the cricket Test.
Police say a man charged with the murder of an 18-year-old woman killed her by striking her with a tire and a wheel in south Houston.
A man charged killed by striking an woman with a tire and a wheel.
An Elmwood Park man pleaded guilty on Tuesday to conspiring with his brother to violate federal election law by steering $21,400 in illegal campaign contributions to US Sen. Bob Menendez.
An Elmwood Park man pleaded to conspiring with his brother to violate by steering $ 21,400 in illegal campaign contributions to Bob Menendez.
Harrison Ford has revealed that he ``didn't get'' the script for Cowboys \u0026 Aliens after reading it for the first time.
Harrison Ford didn't get the script for Cowboys \u0026 Aliens.
President Goodluck Jonathan says Nigeria will send troops to Mali ``before next week'' to help its western neighbor battle rebels in the north.
Nigeria will send troops to Mali.
Capitol Bureau Gov. Jim Gibbons Friday announced he is taking control of the stimulus money, creating a director to manage it.
Jim Gibbons is taking control of the stimulus money.
Hannah Montana star Miley Cyrus has denied that she ever had fun with Justin Bieber.
Miley Cyrus has denied she had fun with Justin Bieber.
Second year guard Randy Foye returned to the Timberwolves lineup Tuesday night in Chicago in what was a surprise to most observers.
Randy Foye returned in Chicago.
A spokesman says French Justice Minister Rachida Dati has given birth to her first child -- a baby girl named Zohra -- at the age of 43.
French Justice Minister Rachida Dati has given birth to her first child at the age of 43.
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on Sunday exhorted States to take effective legislative, administrative and judicial measures to prevent torture, calling the practice a brutal attempt to destroy a victim's sense of dignity and sense of human worth that can never be justified.
Ki-moon exhorted States to take effective, measures to prevent torture.
LendingTree, the nation's leading online lending exchange, announced today that it has officially opened its marketing headquarters in Burlingame, California.
LendingTree has opened its marketing headquarters in Burlingame.
Melbourne, Feb 5 Australian mineral exporters may benefit as the Indian economy 'looks likely to continue to expand at a relative rapid pace in coming decades', the Reserve Bank of Australia observed Friday.
Australian mineral exporters may benefit as the Indian economy looks.
Salt Lake County is implementing a hiring freeze for all county departments and agencies, including the mayor's office.
Salt Lake County is implementing a hiring freeze.
Diesel price for bulk consumers like Railways has been hiked by almost a rupee per litre, while the price of cooking gas is cut by Rs 37.50 a cylinder that consumers buy beyond their quota of subsidised bottles.
Diesel price for bulk consumers has been hiked.
Omnicom-owned agency Red Urban is expanding into Canada and bringing with it its small, nimble team and open source agency model.
Red Urban is expanding into Canada.
An EasyJet flight from London to Faro in the Portuguese Algarve made an emergency landing in France on Wednesday after passengers reported a smell of burning on board, officials said.
An EasyJet flight made an emergency landing in France.
Two wind farms have been officially unveiled in Scotland, supplying green electricity to around 100,000 homes.
Two wind farms have been unveiled in Scotland.
A new co-ed senior softball team is now forming in Mesquite.
A co-ed senior softball team is forming.
Perlis must remain in the mainstream of national development because the people in the state want the support of the Barisan Nasional government and long for progress which can ensure a bright future for them.
Perlis must remain in the mainstream of national development.
A registered sex offender will be released Tuesday from prison and return to Wausau, according to the Wisconsin Department of Corrections.
A sex offender will be released Tuesday and return to Wausau.
Tata Steel, one of the world's biggest steelmakers, has posted a net loss in the fourth quarter, blaming weakness in Europe.
Tata Steel has posted a loss, blaming weakness in Europe.
Senator Chris Dodd will remain as head of the Senate Banking Committee while Senator Tom Harkin will succeed as chair of the Senate Health, Education and Labor committee, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said on Wednesday.
Chris Dodd will remain as head of the Senate Banking Committee.
Singer George Michael has left hospital after being treated for injuries following a bizarre incident on the M1 motorway in Hertfordshire.
George Michael has left hospital.
The Pentagon has ordered stepping up raids on suspected terrorist targets within Pakistan to pressurise Al-Qaeda leaders and distract them from preparing attacks on American targets elsewhere, reports The Sunday Telegraph here on Sunday.
The Pentagon has ordered stepping up raids on targets within Pakistan.
Brazilians will elect a new president to replace their current leader.
Brazilians will elect a president.
Greek shares rose sharply in the early afternoon, led up by OPAP and PPC, as the already-strong European market sentiment was boosted by the release of several positive domestic earnings results.
Greek shares rose sharply in the early afternoon, led up by OPAP and PPC.
Nickelback frontman Chad Kroeger has been convicted of drunk driving in a BC court.
Chad Kroeger has been convicted of drunk driving.
A SERIAL offender stole a handbag containing more than £250 from a pensioner in a supermarket, Southampton Crown Court heard.
A SERIAL offender stole a handbag.
Fresh \u0026 Easy, the British-owned supermarket chain that has stores in nearby Lakewood, Buena Park and Norwalk will be sold.
Fresh \u0026 Easy, the chain, will be sold.
Often as I sit and dream about my story for the week, my mind runs a mental slideshow of the awesome and incredible things I've seen in the Kansas outdoors.
My mind runs a slideshow of the things I 've seen outdoors.
Many schools in the Baton Rouge area announced closures for Friday in anticipation of frigid weather conditions expected to follow a blast of Arctic air that passed through the state on Thursday.
Many schools announced closures.
AXMIN Inc has in a press release said it is pleased to announce that it has entered into a Share Purchase Agreement with ``Polo Resources Limited whereby Polo will acquire AXMIN's remaining 49% interest in Nimini Holdings Limited for cash consideration of US$9 million, payable upon closing''.
Polo will acquire AXMIN's 49% interest in Nimini Holdings Limited.
Hollywood actress Natasha Richardson, who died in a New York hospital after a skiing accident in Canada, has left a shattered family behind.
Natasha Richardson has left a shattered family behind.
There is county zoning in place for the Township 7 area around Coastal Carolina Regional Airport but zoning would otherwise be new to unincorporated areas of Craven County.
There is zoning but zoning would be new to unincorporated areas of Craven County.
A Highland Park Junior High student is in serious condition after getting stabbed by another student at the school.
A Highland Park Junior High student is after getting stabbed at the school.
A Canyon Country stuntman was found guilty of four misdemeanor sex offenses today in Santa Clarita Superior Court.
A stuntman was found guilty of four misdemeanor sex offenses.
The countries with the best rates of social mobility have highly trained early years staff, says a cross-party report, which found life chances of children in the UK are pretty much determined from birth.
The countries with the best rates of social mobility have highly trained early years staff.
15:39 Australia's 47 all out is yesterday's news already for the South African team and they will be focusing instead on the simple game plan that brought their bowlers success in the first place when they meet in the second test starting at the Wanderers on Thursday.
15:39 Australia 47 out is yesterday's news.
``When I was speaker, we had four consecutive balanced budgets, the only time in your lifetime, Brian, that we've had four consecutive balanced budgets,'' Gingrich said.
When I was speaker, we had four consecutive balanced budgets.
Bossier City police are investigating the stabbing death of a 16-year-old male.
Bossier City police are investigating the stabbing death.
The widower of honeymooner Michaela McAreavey, who is due to give evidence today, flew back to Mauritius before the start of the trial last month.
The widower of Michaela McAreavey flew back to Mauritius before the start of the trial.
In the second blow to fans of former Eurythmics members today, Dave Stewart has canceled the fall tour in support of his recently released retrospective The Dave Stewart Songbook, Vol. 1.
Dave Stewart has canceled the fall tour.
Gilbert Arenas, the former NBA star whose career nose-dived after being suspended for bringing guns into the Washington Wizards' locker room, was arrested in California Thursday morning on possession of illegal fireworks.
Gilbert Arenas was arrested on possession of illegal fireworks.
Kmart has posted some job openings for its Endicott store on employment websites, including careerbuilder.com, but hasn't disclosed any information on the store's reopening.
Kmart has posted some job openings.
Police in Greenwood say three workers were killed when a concrete wall collapsed on them at a construction site.
Three workers were killed a wall collapsed.
The UK government has urged prospective shale gas developers to come forward and apply for drilling licences.
The UK government has urged shale gas developers to come and apply for drilling licences.
A suicide bomber hiding explosives in his turban blew himself up inside a mosque during a memorial service for Afghan president Hamid Karzai's assassinated half brother, officials say.
A suicide bomber hiding explosives in his turban blew up.
Congress president Sonia Gandhi congratulated AR Rahman and Resul Pookutty for winning the Oscars for music and sound mixing.
Sonia Gandhi congratulated AR Rahman and Resul Pookutty.
A dog stuck his tongue in a paper shredder and it isn'ta laughing matter.
A dog stuck his tongue in a paper shredder.
The Holy See is expected to recognize the independence of Kosovo, said Juliusz Janosz, the apostolic delegate of the Vatican for Kosovo.
The Holy See is expected to recognize the independence of Kosovo.
In an interview with Italian Vogue Patrick Dempsey revealed he is leaving 'Grey's Anatomy' at the end of season eight.
Patrick Dempsey is leaving Grey's Anatomy.
Guam Public School System teachers will be compensated for working makeup instructional days.
Teachers will be compensated for working makeup days.
A West Tennessee woman convicted of criminal attempt of first-degree murder has been sentenced to 23 years in prison.
A woman convicted of attempt of murder has been sentenced to 23 years.
The central character in memogate scandal, Mansoor Ijaz is coming to Pakistan to testify his 'truthful version' before the Honourable Commission as and when he may be required, said a statement issued by the Counsel of the US businessman in the memo case.
Mansoor Ijaz is coming to Pakistan.
The NZ dollar got a lift from strong retail sales data today but it did not last for long as the US dollar surged to a four-month high after China reported strong fourth quarter growth.
The NZ dollar got a lift from retail sales data.
US President Barack Obama declared himself a candidate for re-election in 2012 on Monday, jumping ahead of a slow-starting Republican field and hoping an economic recovery will boost his case for a new term.
President Barack Obama declared a candidate for re-election.
The Federal Reserve said on Wednesday it saw signs the recession is easing and that the US economic outlook has ``improved modestly'' since last month.
The Federal Reserve saw signs the recession is easing.
Actress Kristy McNichol says she is overwhelmed by the positive response to her decision to publicly come out gay.
Kristy McNichol is overwhelmed by the positive response to her decision to come gay.
Vladimir Putin has told of singing patriotic songs with the Russian spies expelled from the US in his most revealing comments on the case so far.
Vladimir Putin has told of singing patriotic songs with the spies expelled from the US.
Buffalo Police say a rape suspect who led them on a wild chase through the city will face a judge Tuesday.
A rape suspect will face a judge.
New Zealand rural property prices continue to rise as demand for property outstrips supply.
New Zealand rural property prices continue to rise.
One man is dead after a pickup truck collided with a mulcher on Val Verde Road and Curb Road.
One man is dead after a truck collided with a mulcher.
A spurned youth allegedly threw a kerosene lamp at an 18-year-old girl who died after suffering burn injuries, police said on Saturday.
A youth threw a kerosene lamp at an girl.
Muammar Gaddafi has vowed to prevent oil exports from Libya, in a kind of threat that stirs fears of an Iraq-style insurgency, urging his supporters to fight on as world leaders freed up billions of dollars to help Libya's new rulers rebuild a nation torn by 42 years of one-man rule and six months of civil war.
Muammar Gaddafi has vowed to prevent oil exports from Libya.
Britain's Prince Harry will visit Brazil in March to support his charities there and help enhance UK-Brazil ties.
Britain's Prince Harry will visit Brazil in March.
PRIME Minister David Cameron is ``ready to act'' over soaring petrol pump prices, it was claimed today.
David Cameron is ready to act over soaring petrol pump prices.
Dubai Holding, the conglomerate owned by the ruler of the Gulf Arab emirate, is looking to sell its stake in Bank Muscat as it offloads low-profile assets to meet its debt burden, bankers and analysts said yesterday.
Dubai Holding is looking to sell its stake in Bank Muscat.
Technology stocks edged up Monday morning as the broader market advanced as investors anticipated upbeat news from the housing sector.
Technology stocks edged up Monday morning.
A new global survey of HR professionals published today by StepStone Solutions reveals that corporate policies and lack of understanding are stifling recruiters‚ use of social media such as Facebook and LinkedIn to acquire new talent, despite the fact that two thirds of employers say they want to hire more people in the coming year.
A new survey reveals corporate policies and lack of understanding are stifling recruiters.
Santana was diagnosed with left shoulder fatigue, and he will not resume throwing until his symptoms subside according to an official press release from the club:
Santana was diagnosed with shoulder fatigue.
A driver early this morning failed a field sobriety test and later blew over, police said.
A driver failed a field sobriety test.
Tuskegee University, Auburn University and the University of Alabama in Huntsville have entered into a partnership with Lockheed Martin a company which designs and produces ballistic missiles, interceptors, target missiles and re-entry systems.
Tuskegee University, Auburn University have entered into a partnership with Lockheed Martin.
A free seminar to help senior citizens avoid investment fraud will take place from 10 am to noon on Wednesday at the Ella Sharp Museum of Art and History.
A seminar to help senior citizens avoid investment fraud will take.
House prices unexpectedly rose in January despite the recession and lack of available credit in the UK, the Halifax has said...
Prices rose in January.
Stefan Schumacher has confessed to doping during his career, naming EPO, growth hormone and corticosteroids.
Stefan Schumacher has confessed to doping.
A number of brush fires are causing problems in and around the Capital Region, from Saratoga County to Ulster County.
A number of brush fires are causing problems the Capital Region.
The time has come for all Jamaicans to step up to the podium and tell the politicians that enough is enough.
That enough is enough.
AFI-Discovery Channel SILVERDOCS Documentary Festival announced that it will honor Albert Maysles at the Charles Guggenheim Symposium, a centrepiece of the eight-day documentary festival which takes place in June just outside Washington, DC The Symposium, named after the late, four-time Academy Award winner Charles Guggenheim, honors a filmmaker ``who has mastered the power of documentary and inspires audiences with powerful explorations of the human experience.''
It will honor Albert Maysles.
A CHARITY shop is set to open in Walton to hand out help and advice to cancer sufferers.
A CHARITY shop is set to open to hand out help to cancer sufferers.
South Africa fought back against England on the second day of the first test, first with the ball and then the bat, to close on 86 for one after bowling England out for 385.
South Africa fought back against England.
Shakira has publicly confirmed her romance with Spanish footballer Gerard Piqué on Twitter, calling him ``my sunshine''.
Shakira has confirmed her romance with Gerard Piqué on Twitter.
Citigroup has downgraded Sina to a hold and reduced its price target to US$30, because of a ``very cautious outlook.''
Citigroup has downgraded Sina.
A living Buddha in Gansu has condemned the riots that rocked the Tibetan-inhabited areas in the northwest Chinese province.
A Buddha has condemned the riots.
The University of Tehran ranks first in the world of Islam, Jafar Mehrad, president of the Islamic World Science Citation Center told the Persian service of MNA on Wednesday.
The University of Tehran ranks first in the world of Islam.
On Tuesday, Sept. 6, as children return school, the city of Coldwater asks that all motorists take extra caution when in the vicinity of a school area and around loading and unloading school busses.
Sept. 6 the city asks all motorists take extra caution.
BP and Martek Biosciences Corporation, today announced the signing of a Joint Development Agreement to work on the production of microbial oils for biofuels applications.
BP and Martek Biosciences Corporation, today announced the signing to work on the production of microbial oils for biofuels applications.
A New Mexico State Police officer has been arrested and charged with battery against a household member.
A State Police officer has been arrested.
The Red Sox (team stats) have called up outfielder Jason Repko and infielder Nate Spears from Triple-A Pawtucket.
The Red Sox have called up Jason Repko and Nate Spears.
HP today announced its intent to acquire networking vendor 3COM.
HP today announced its intent to acquire 3COM.
The New York Times has updated its Android app, which has already been downloaded 2.4 million times through August 2012, the American newspaper announced today.
The New York Times has updated its Android app.
Specialist firefighters wearing decontamination suits tackled a hazardous chemical leak from a 40ft lorry in Northampton.
Firefighters wearing decontamination suits tackled a chemical leak.
Instead, he will run for the Kansas Senate seat currently held by Salinan Pete Brungardt.
He will run for the Kansas Senate seat.
Kazakhstan will build a Russian nuclear station, Tengrinews.kz reports from the ceremony of signing of bilateral agreements between Nursultan Nazarbayev and Vladimir Putin.
Kazakhstan will build a Russian nuclear station.
Smaller colleges' endowments with much simpler strategies are outperforming their larger rivals.
Smaller colleges ' endowments are outperforming their larger rivals.
Just weeks after being elected Speaker of the House of Commons and turning down a second home allowance worth £24,000 a year, Buckingham MP John Bercow has spent £20,000 sprucing up his rent-free flat.
John Bercow has spent £ 20,000 sprucing up his flat.
THERE are heroes and then there is Charlie Toogood, the man who showed great courage in halting the runaway speedboat which killed TV executive Nick Mulligan and his eight-year-old daughter Emily in Cornwall last weekend.
THERE are heroes and then there is Charlie Toogood.
Dara O'Briain who is trying to make maths fun with his new TV show 'School Of Hard Sums' says he is ``pro geek''.
Dara O'Briain is pro geek.
Tablet computers are set to become the central brains of almost all electronic devices.
Tablet computers are set to become the brains of almost all devices.
In more than 70 per cent of legal disputes over informed consent, patients allege the doctor failed to properly explain the risks of complications, a University of Melbourne study published in the latest Medical Journal of Australia has found.
Patients allege the doctor failed to properly explain the risks of complications.
President Barack Obama mourned the late Margaret Thatcher on Monday, saying ``America has lost a true friend'' who strengthened US ties with Britain and helped win the Cold War.
Barack Obama mourned the Margaret Thatcher, saying America has lost a true friend.
Oil giant BP said on Tuesday it will sell its Colombian business for a total of 1.19 billion pounds to national oil company Ecopetrol and Talisman of Canada.
BP will sell its Colombian business for a total of 1.19 billion pounds.
Congrats go out to Octavia Spencer who won for Best Supporting Actress for her role in The Help.
Octavia Spencer won for Best Supporting Actress.
Opposition to silica sand mining continues to grow in the US, with planning boards in Wisconsin and Nebraska hearing pleas for a moratorium on mining from local representatives.
Opposition to silica sand mining continues to grow in the US.
Boston area schools opened as usual Monday despite a water shortage caused by a rupture in a major pipeline, authorities said.
Boston schools opened despite a water shortage.
Fugitive US ex-police officer, Christopher Dorner, whose remains were found in a burnt-out cabin after a six-day manhunt, died from a single gunshot wound to the head, authorities say.
US officer, Christopher Dorner died from a single gunshot.
Cold Chisel drummer Steve Prestwich has died from a brain tumour, aged 56.
Cold Chisel drummer Steve Prestwich has died.
Memphis police say an officer struck and killed a pedestrian who was walking across the street.
Memphis police say an officer struck and killed a pedestrian.
Arno Lustiger, a Holocaust survivor and historian who put a spotlight on Jewish resistance against the Nazis, has died.
Arno Lustiger, a Holocaust survivor, has died.
AIR Canada, the country's biggest airline, is seeking a loan from a government-owned financing agency, Finance Minister Jim Flaherty said today.
AIR Canada is seeking a loan.
On 17 September, London became the hub of attention when it hosted an unique high-level conference entitled Security in the Caucasus:
London hosted an conference entitled Security in the Caucasus.
Gov. Bill Haslam was sworn into office Saturday in Nashville.
Bill Haslam was sworn into office.
Beyonce Knowles is reportedly due to give birth in February and is hoping for a baby boy.
Beyonce Knowles is and is hoping for a boy.
BMO is calling for a second round of stimulus in troubled economies to counter fears of a double-dip recession.
BMO is calling for a second round of stimulus.
A police officer was shot in Lindsay, Ont., late Wednesday morning and airlifted to Toronto in serious condition.
A police officer was shot in Lindsay, Ont., and airlifted to Toronto.
More than 1000 families have been displaced by the torrential rains experienced in the island over the last few days, the Ministry of Disaster Management said, adding that a total of 10,738 families had been affected.
More than 1000 families have been displaced by the rains.
Rock icon Lou Reed is recovering after a life-saving liver transplant in the United States, according to an interview with his wife published Saturday in a British newspaper.
Lou Reed is recovering after a liver transplant.
Rugby league identity John Elias was released on bail today on condition he does not contact Tabcorp media manager Glenn Munsie.
John Elias was released on bail.
ADEN, Dec. 09 -A study has called microfinance corporations to diversify their services presented to customers and review policy of loans.
ADEN - A study has called microfinance corporations to diversify their services.
Schutt Sports Inc., a Litchfield, Ill., manufacturer of professional and youth football and baseball helmets, has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy after losing a patent infringement lawsuit brought by rival Riddell Inc.
Schutt Sports Inc. has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
Mexican composer Daniel Catan, best known for his operatic adaptation of Italian film Il Postino for the Los Angeles Opera, has died aged 62.
Composer Daniel Catan has died aged 62.
Two firefighters were injured while attempting to put out a blaze at a Desert Hot Springs home late Wednesday night.
Two firefighters were injured while attempting to put out a blaze home.
Millions of newborns, children and mothers continue to die needlessly, especially in sub-Saharan Africa where rates of child mortality are the highest in the world.
Millions of newborns, continue to die needlessly.
Reports are emerging that the US and China have agreed on an export deal worth US$45bn.
The US and China have agreed on an export deal.
Futures were higher Tuesday, after a sharp selloff on Monday, but pared gains after a disappointing housing report.
Futures were but pared gains after a housing report.
The Keukenhof flower exhibition in the Netherlands has a Russian theme this year, with a ``plant mosaic'' of St Basil's Cathedral in Moscow.
The Keukenhof flower exhibition has a Russian theme this year.
Muammar Gaddafi has been captured in Libya by rebel forces, according to a National Transitional Council official.
Muammar Gaddafi has been captured in Libya by rebel forces.
Sam Wollaston over at The Guardian test drove a Honda Insight and what was the verdict? ``It is like a little environmental videogame.''
Sam Wollaston drove a Honda Insight? It is like a little environmental videogame.
COPE President Terror Lekota wants to stay in the party and not go to Parliament, it said on Thursday.
Terror Lekota wants to stay in the party.
Soccer star David Beckham said Monday that he is leaving the LA Galaxy.
David Beckham is leaving the LA Galaxy.
Wallabies loosehead prop Benn Robinson has conceded defeat in his bid to play through an anterior cruciate ligament injury and ruled himself out of the World Cup.
Benn Robinson has conceded defeat.
JP Dellacamera, one of the most veteran US soccer commentators, has left ESPN and moved to Fox Soccer Channel to become the network's lead MLS commentator, say reports.
JP Dellacamera has left ESPN and moved to Fox Soccer Channel, say reports.
UK retailer Co-op launched an ambitious sustainability plan on Friday that promises to cut carbon emissions by 35% by 2017 and deploy over £1 billion of green energy finance by 2013.
UK retailer Co-op launched an ambitious sustainability plan.
Six more parish clusters announced in Archdiocese of New Orleans' 2008 Pastoral Plan are ready to move forward and officially implement their mergers.
Six more parish clusters announced are.
About 100 US activists arrived in Egypt on Sunday on their way to Gaza, hoping to deliver medical aid, trucks and support for lifting a 2-year old Israeli-Egyptian blockade of the territory.
About 100 US activists arrived in Egypt.
A pilot from Vulcan was killed when the plane he was flying crashed into a mountainous area near the BC-Alberta border.
A pilot from Vulcan was killed the plane crashed.
Britain's Prince Harry saluted America's war dead in somber remembrance at Arlington National Cemetery on Friday, pausing, too, to place flowers on the tombstone of John F. Kennedy and visit the grave of a British World War II hero buried far from home.
Britain's Prince Harry saluted America's war dead at Arlington National Cemetery.
Pakistan has signed the membership agreement with the Forum of Federations, thereby becoming a member-state of the organisation with the other leading Federations such as Australia, Brazil, India and Switzerland.
Pakistan has signed the membership agreement with the Forum of Federations.
Business analyst and author Daniel Pink will speak at Maryville University at 7 pm on Thursday, Jan. 21, in University Auditorium.
Daniel Pink will speak at Maryville University.
A North Fulton dental office will host a free dentistry day this weekend.
A dental office will host a free dentistry day.
A teenage boy drowns Sunday afternoon in Quincy.
A teenage boy drowns in Quincy.
Kim Kardashian was recently diagnosed with an itchy skin condition called psoriasis, after she discovered ``red flaky dots'' all over her body.
Kim Kardashian was diagnosed with an skin condition called psoriasis.
British rapper DIZZEE RASCAL has escaped charges after he was arrested for becoming embroiled in a road rage incident involving a baseball bat.
DIZZEE RASCAL has escaped charges after he was arrested.
Obie Award winner Leonardo Cimino died on March 3 at his home in Woodstock, New York at age 94, according to The New York Times.
Obie Award winner Leonardo Cimino died.
Public phone booths in Xiamen are expected to be transformed into WiFi bases offering internet access to people on the go, according to Chinese-language Xiamen Economic Daily.
Public phone booths in Xiamen are expected to be transformed into WiFi bases.
Power was restored to the downtown area of Murfreesboro about two hours after circuits in a transformer at the Bridge Avenue substation went out.
Power was restored to the downtown area.
John Rauch, the former Georgia quarterback who coached the Oakland Raiders to a berth in the second Super Bowl, died Tuesday at his home in Oldsmar, Fla. He was 80.
John Rauch died, He was 80.
A woman is in custody after a man was stabbing in the stomach inside a west-end apartment, on Wednesday, July 25, 2012.
A woman is in custody after a man was stabbing in the stomach.
Pakistan, China will prepare a joint action plan to celebrate 60th anniversary of their diplomatic ties next year in a benefiting manner.This aimed at reinforcing their ever-green strategic partnership.
Pakistan, China will prepare a joint action plan to celebrate 60th anniversary.
The latest Google doodle celebrates the life of physicist and mathematician Leonard Euler, who was born 306 years ago today in Basel, Switzerland.
The Google doodle celebrates the life of physicist Leonard Euler.
US consumer confidence rose in May to its highest since March 2008, as an improving jobs outlook defied for now the growing fears about European debt market turmoil and threats to global growth.
US consumer confidence rose.
After 14 seasons, 1,008 regular-season games and 68 playoff meetings, 35-year-old Jason Smith announced today his retirement from the National Hockey League.
Jason Smith announced his retirement.
Remarqueble, a provider of global trademark registration services, has been selected by AcumenLPO to offer integrated online trademark filing services in India and other countries.
Remarqueble has been selected by AcumenLPO to offer integrated online trademark services.
A wounded solider returns home from Afghanistan tonight after losing both his legs in an explosion.
A wounded solider returns home.
The polls will be silent Aug. 28 in Mountain Brook, where all three city government candidates up for re-election have no opposition.
Mountain Brook all three candidates have no opposition.
The Consumer Electronics Association ® announced today that Microsoft Chief Executive Officer Steve Ballmer will deliver a preshow keynote address at the 2011 International CES ® .
Microsoft Chief Executive Officer Steve Ballmer will deliver a preshow keynote address at the 2011 International CES ®.
The 2012 growing season was one of the weirdest in years for Ontario wineries, but winemakers have triumphed, and lots of brave new experiments are underway.
The 2012 growing season was.
LexisNexis, a leading global provider of content-enabled workflow solutions, today announced the launch of Lexis® Advance for Solos -- the first in a series of releases of new Lexis Advance online legal research tools.
LexisNexis today announced the launch of Lexis ® Advance for Solos.
NAB could offload UK banks Updated: 23:05, Monday January 21, 2013 National Australia Bank may be able to finally offload its troubled British banking division amid speculation that Spanish giant Santander is considering making a STG2 billion offer.
NAB could offload UK banks 23:05.
The Abu Sayyaf terror group in Basilan is now using women and child soldiers in their war against the Philippine government, Defense Secretary Gilbert Teodoro said Monday.
The Abu Sayyaf group is using women and child soldiers.
Katie Price allegedly threw a shoe at her TV screen when Peter Andre performed his new single on Strictly Come Dancing last week, a report has claimed.
Katie Price threw a shoe Peter Andre performed.
Department store group Selfridges is launching Britain's first sleepsuit for men in response to what it claims is a growing demand for all-in-one pyjamas.
Selfridges is launching Britain's first sleepsuit for men is.
Zuhlke has used an agile approach to develop an Internet data safe for DSwiss.
Zuhlke has used to develop an Internet data safe for DSwiss.
Some middle school students will start the school year without yellow bus service, after a judge today pushed back ruling on a temporary restraining order.
Some school students will start the year without bus service.
Bass fishing is an extremely popular sport in America; however, not many people know more than one kind of bass.
Bass fishing is an extremely popular sport in America.
On Saturday a Japanese woman was raped in Bodh Gaya.
A Japanese woman was raped in Bodh Gaya.
With the Bank of England base rate remaining at a record low since March 2007 the question on most savers and borrowers lips is when will rates rise.
Base rate remaining at a record low is.
Live music web service Songkick has launched a rather snazzy new iPhone and iPad app which will allow users to track their favourite bands, browse live listings by location, and share concert plans, all via their portable devices.
Songkick has launched a iPhone and app.
Former RSS chief KS Sudarshan, who was missing has been traced by the police.
Former RSS chief KS Sudarshan, has been traced.
A pensioner lost his life while waiting in a queue to receive his pension here on Wednesday.
A pensioner lost his life while waiting in a queue.
Ghana World Cup defender Lee Addy has joined Serbian giants Red Star Belgrade, according to Ghanasocccernet.com.
Lee Addy has joined giants Red Star Belgrade.
The Harding volleyball team completed a tournament sweep on Saturday as they defeated host team Missouri Southern State and Quincy by a 3-0 score.
The volleyball team completed a tournament sweep.
Thanks to Toulouse and Rennes' draw and by beating Caen, 2-0, Paris St Germain grabbed temporarily the French championship third spot.
Paris St Germain grabbed the third spot.
Levittown firefighters extinguished an electrical fire that broke out of a home on Celestial Lane Tuesday morning.
Levittown firefighters extinguished an electrical fire.
Stylish Star Allu Arjun was injured on the sets of 'Julayi' recently.
Allu Arjun was injured on the sets of Julayi.
Square Enix Europe has revealed that the Final Fantasy XIII Xbox 360 bundles will be coming to Europe.
The Final Fantasy XIII Xbox 360 bundles will be coming to Europe.
American companies are hoarding almost $1 trillion in cash, but are unlikely to spend on expanding their businesses and hiring new employees because of continuing uncertainty about the strength of the economy, Moody's Investors Service says.
American companies are hoarding almost $ 1 trillion in cash.
Federal water and power minister Raja Pervez Ashraf has said that the power shortfall would reach from 1650MW to 2500MW in the next three months and increase in water reservoirs was needed to overcome the power crises.
The power shortfall would reach to 2500MW in the three months.
Russian-born conductor Rudolf Barshai, who was a contemporary of composers Shostakovich and Prokofiev, has died at his home in Switzerland aged 86.
Conductor Rudolf Barshai has died.
A Kentucky soldier has received a special honor for saving another man during training in Afghanistan.
A Kentucky soldier has received a special honor.
The Blue Jays claimed right-hander Mickey Storey off waivers from the Astros on Wednesday.
The Blue Jays claimed Mickey Storey off waivers from the Astros.
One such truism is this: ``Sell in May and go away'', meaning investors are best advised to sell stocks at the beginning of May and return to the equity market at the end of October.
One truism is this : Sell in May and go.
Representatives of other organizations had signed the agreement between Ministry of Agriculture and Foods /MAF/ and milk producers: chairman of the National Milk and Meat Producers Breeding Association Hristo Drumev, chairman of Milk Producers' Association Andrian Tsakonski and chairman of Rodopski Zwan Cooperation Boyko Sinapov, Ministry of Agriculture and Foods press center informed.
Representatives of other organizations had signed the agreement between Ministry of Agriculture and / MAF / and milk producers informed.
Shahid Afridi is not the ideal candidate to lead Pakistan in Test matches but his temperament and aggression undoubtedly made him the best available option before PCB, feels former captain Wasim Akram.
Shahid Afridi is not the ideal candidate to lead Pakistan.
South Dakota Attorney General Marty Jackley has received a national award honoring his commitment to fight drunk driving and underage drinking.
Attorney General Marty Jackley has received a national award honoring his commitment to fight drunk driving.
MSN is reporting that Academy Award-winning actor Javier Bardem is calling for global actors' right.
Javier Bardem is calling for global actors ' right.
A knife and beaded sheath attributed to Chief Crazy Horse from the Little Big Horn Battle is seen as the premiere item on an auction scheduled for Saturday at Burley Auction Gallery in New Braunfels, Texas.
A knife attributed to Chief Crazy Horse is seen as the item on an auction.
The Cleveland Browns signed free-agent cornerback Rod Hood, a six-year NFL veteran who spent the previous two seasons with the Arizona Cardinals.
The Cleveland Browns signed Rod Hood, a veteran.
Duluth Metals Limited announced that it has signed the formal definitive participation agreement with Antofagasta Plc which implements the previously announced Heads of Agreement on the JV development of the Nokomis Project in northeast Minnesota, USA.
Duluth Metals Limited announced it has signed the definitive participation agreement with Antofagasta Plc.
Eni SpA, Italy's biggest oil company, may produce as much as 50,000 barrels of crude a day from the Ambalat area, which is subject to a territorial dispute between Malaysia and Indonesia.
Eni SpA may produce as much as 50,000 barrels a day from the Ambalat area.
After a month of 300 vehicle break-ins, Lexington police officer, Steven Gaunce, described what thieves look for inside of vehicles.
Thieves look for inside of vehicles.
Research In Motion Limited and Certicom Corp. announced today that RIM has completed the acquisition of Certicom at a cash price of CDN $3.00 per outstanding Certicom common share through a plan of arrangement under the Canada Business Corporations Act.
RIM has completed the acquisition of Certicom.
A Hinds county woman was killed Saturday morning when the vehicle she was riding in left the roadway and struck a tree.
A Hinds county woman was killed when the vehicle left and struck a tree.
One of the nation's largest furniture retailers Rooms To Go has started its 300 million dollar spring closeout.
One Rooms To Go has started its 300 million dollar spring closeout.
Michigan's seasonally adjusted unemployment rate in May jumped upward by one and two-tenths percentage points to 14.1 percent, according to data released Wednesday by the Michigan Department of Energy, Labor and Economic Growth.
Michigan's unemployment rate jumped.
Pub group Barracuda has appointed Rob Pitcher as its new operations and HR director.
Barracuda has appointed as its new operations and HR director.
Telangana Rashtra Samiti on Thursday attacked Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy, saying nothing was preventing creation of Telangana state except the ``mental block'' of Reddy.
Nothing was preventing creation of Telangana state.
A 28-year-old man was beaten to death Tuesday night at an Ascension Parish strip club.
A man was beaten to death at an strip club.
Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani will not run for governor and is endorsing fellow Republican Rick Lazio for the job.
Rudy Giuliani will not run for governor.
Thom Yorke ''frequently'' thinks about splitting Radiohead, although he blames it on the ''stresses of life'' rather than any musical differences between the band.
Thom Yorke thinks about splitting Radiohead.
The Department of Social Welfare and Development announced it has recently launched its foster home program for old and disabled persons.
The Department of Social Welfare and Development has launched its foster home program for old and disabled persons.
France warned Palestinian authorities on Monday that any unilateral declaration of independence could undermine their campaign for the eventual creation of a recognised state.
France warned Palestinian authorities any unilateral declaration could undermine.
Cigna Corp. has reported it will buy Healthspring Inc for about $3.8 billion in order to jump-start its business of selling Medicare supplemental plans to the elderly.
Cigna Corp. will buy Healthspring Inc.
-Khloe Kardashian and Lamar Odom have renewed their wedding vows.
Khloe Kardashian have renewed their wedding vows.
UFC light heavyweight contender Wanderlei Silva stated during a recent appearance on TAGG Radio that he will likely return to the octagon in December at what is usually the biggest UFC pay-per-view event of the year.
Wanderlei Silva will return in December.
Academy Award winning actress and singer Jennifer Hudson has given birth to a healthy 7lb 14oz baby boy.
Actress and Jennifer Hudson has given birth to a baby boy.
PEOPLE who buy land on unmaintained roads should accept that rough roads are the price they pay for cheaper land and consequently lower rates, Gympie Regional councillors said this week.
Rough roads are the price they pay.
Fine Gael leader Enda Kenny has said he will move a motion of no confidence in the Government when the Dáil meets on Tuesday.
Enda Kenny will move a motion of no confidence.
Most Kentucky counties, including Jefferson, are letting voters cast absentee ballots.
Kentucky counties are letting voters cast absentee ballots.
South Korean media are reporting that North Korea may have conducted a nuclear test.
North Korea may have conducted a nuclear test.
Paul Hanagan has landed the plum ride on Snow Fairy in Saturday's Emirates Airline Champion Stakes at Newmarket.
Paul Hanagan has landed the plum ride on Snow Fairy.
North Korea says last month South Korea proposed a series of inter-Korean summits at the demilitarized border village of Panmunjeom, but the regime has rejected it.
North Korea says South Korea proposed a series of inter-Korean summits.
The growth of textile industry has sharply declined in absence of investment, high interest rate and other issues.
The growth of textile industry has sharply declined.
The euro fell to a fresh global session low against the dollar on Thursday on news the International Monetary Fund board could be in a position to consider Greece's next loan tranche towards the end of September.
The euro fell to a global session low against the dollar.
Aluminium producer Alcoa reported a second consecutive quarterly loss on Tuesday, due mostly to a drop in demand, especially in the auto industry, and sharply lower prices.
Alcoa reported a quarterly loss.
There's an age-old axion that proclaims, ``All good things must come to an end.''
All good things must come to an end.
A 572-pound spokesman for Heart Attack Grill, a restaurant in the Phoenix area famous for its unhealthy menu, died after suffering complications following pneumonia.
A spokesman for Heart Attack Grill died.
Nederland police and the Boulder County Coroner's Office are investigating the death of a woman whose body was found this morning in Boulder Creek.
Nederland police are investigating the death of a woman whose body was found in Boulder Creek.
Parents of students at Fletcher Middle School met Thursday night to learn about internet safety.
Parents met to learn about internet safety.
Andy Robinson is staying on as Scotland coach despite a dreadful Six Nations campaign in which his team lost every match.
Andy Robinson is staying on as Scotland coach.
Zimbabwean police have banned an opposition protest march planned for tomorrow, but the Movement for Democratic Change said it would press ahead with the demonstration against President Robert Mugabe's government.
Zimbabwean police have banned an opposition march.
Education is a balancing tool that ends caste, creed, language and religion-ridden mindset to pave the way for progressive society.
Education is a balancing tool.
Brazil stocks declined again Tuesday morning as the market focused on concerns about accelerating inflation and international investors turned their attention elsewhere as first-quarter earnings reports continued to roll out.
Brazil stocks declined as the market focused on concerns about inflation.
Residents in four South Philadelphia homes are still evacuated after a water main break Sunday night.
Residents are still evacuated after a water main break.
France utterly condemns this morning's murder in Peshawar of a Pakistani employee of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees during an attempted kidnapping that also claimed the life of a Pakistani guard of a displaced persons camp.
France utterly condemns this morning's murder in Peshawar of a Pakistani employee of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Celebrity chef Jamie Oliver and his wife Jools have welcomed their third daughter, who they have named Petal Blossom Rainbow.
Jamie Oliver and his wife have welcomed their third daughter.
Thornton Wilder's Pulitzer Prize winning classic ``Our Town'' opens at 8 pm on Friday, August 17, at the Cloverdale Performing Arts Center, 209 N. Cloverdale Boulevard.
Our Town opens on Friday, August 17.
Ruth's Hospitality Group, Inc. today announced the promotion of two senior level executives, currently serving as Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer for Ruth's Chris Steak House and Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Mitchell's Fish Market, to President and Chief Operating Officer for their respective brands.
Today announced the promotion of two executives, serving as Senior President for Ruth's Chris Steak House.
Viacom said Thursday that the company plans to put ``Rock Band'' developer Harmonix up for sale, admitting that the company didn't understand how to sell video games.
Viacom said the company plans to put Rock Band developer Harmonix up for sale.
Police in Philadelphia said no foul play is suspected in the death of a Colorado woman whose body was found hanging from a tree on Saturday.
Police said no foul play is suspected in the death of a Colorado woman.
Bachmann's idea is for a flatter tax that simplifies the code somewhat but that, importantly, makes sure that everybody -- regardless of their financial circumstances -- pays something.
Everybody pays something.
Joey Logano will make his Sprint Cup debut this weekend in New Hampshire in the No. 96 Toyota for Hall of Fame Racing.
Joey Logano will make his Sprint Cup debut in New Hampshire.
``Currently the online services of Gran Turismo 5 is experiencing some extreme online traffic congestion.''
The online services of Gran Turismo 5 is experiencing some extreme traffic congestion.
The Cleveland Show season 4 episode 16 ``Who Done Did It'' airs Sunday, April 7 on FOX.
The Cleveland Show season 4 episode 16 Who Done Did It airs.
At a ceremony in the Netherlands last night, Electric Picnic was named the Best Mid-Sized Festival in Europe, while Oxygen won the award for the best line-up.
Electric Picnic was named, while Oxygen won the award.
The message that Wales is very much open for business on renewable energy has rung loud and clear from the Energy Summit that has taken place in Tredegar.
Wales is open for business on renewable energy.
French art curator Jerome Sans, the celebrated director of the Beijing-based Ullens Center for Contemporary Art, will release a music album this month in China, Sina.com.cn reports.
Art curator Jerome Sans will release a album in China.
CPN-Maoist affiliated workers have shut down entire hotels across Nagarkot on Wednesday.
CPN-Maoist affiliated workers have shut down hotels across Nagarkot.
A former Victoria high school teacher pleaded guilty Tuesday to having sex with a student.
A Victoria teacher pleaded guilty to having sex with a student.
Manu Tuilagi will miss the Calcutta Cup match at Twickenham that kicks off England's RBS Six Nations campaign this Saturday.
Manu Tuilagi will miss the Calcutta Cup match.
Syrian army personnel and Lebanese civilians exchanged fire along the border in Bekaa, north Lebanon Saturday following a smuggling attempt across the border into Syria.
Syrian army personnel and Lebanese civilians exchanged fire along the border.
Venezuela won't devalue its bolivar exchange rate, which has been fixed since 2005, this year or in 2010, as oil prices rise, Morgan Stanley said in a report today.
Venezuela won't devalue its bolivar rate Morgan Stanley said.
A Queens boy was struck and killed by an SUV tonight after running into the middle of a busy Ridgewood intersection, police said.
A Queens boy was struck and killed by an SUV.
``I think it's my faith that keeps me grounded, especially because I'ma Christ follower for sure,'' Cyrus told us.
My faith keeps grounded.
A 42-year-old stage actress was found murdered in her house in the city on Wednesday, police said.
A stage actress was found murdered.
Andrea Thiele \u0026 Lia Jaspers And Who Taught You to Drive? raises some interesting questions about how much of a role driving plays in our cultural identity.
Jaspers And Who Taught to Drive? raises.
When service members leave active duty, TRICARE offers a transitional health care option for eligible beneficiaries and their families while they look for new health coverage.
TRICARE offers a transitional health care option.
Binghamton University basketball coach Kevin Broadus has received a contract extension that will run through the conclusion of the 2013-2014 season.
Kevin Broadus has received a contract extension.
Carly Rae Jepsen has taken va-va-voom to a whole new level, unveiling her vampy new red hair on Twitter yesterday!
Carly Rae Jepsen has taken, unveiling her new red hair.
Muttehadda Qaumi Movement leader Dr Imran Farooq said that the MQM respects athe mandates of all political parties and supposes that the mandate the MQM has obtained would be respected under the democratic rules.
The MQM respects athe mandates of all parties.
The US Coast Guard says a Navy helicopter has crashed into the sea off the Southern California coast.
A Navy helicopter has crashed into the sea off the Southern California coast.
Authorities say a man has died after falling at least 20 feet from a ledge at Soldier Field while attending a Chicago Bears game.
A man has died after falling from a ledge at Soldier Field.
China Knowledge quoted Inspection and Quarantine in a statement said Japan based automaker Subaru will recall 7,412 vehicles in China from July 27 due to faulty engine pump, said the General Administration of Quality Supervision.
Subaru will recall 7,412 vehicles in China.
The Los Angeles Times is reporting in a story meant for tomorrow that Barry Minkow, the former Ponzi schemer who was believed to have become a reformer, will plead guilty to insider trading.
Barry Minkow will plead guilty to insider trading.
The share of alternative and renewable energy sources in Azerbaijan is expected to reach 20 % in 2020, the chief of staff of Azerbaijani Ministry of Industry and Energy Rasim Mammadov noted on Thursday during economic seminar dedicated to 'green' technologies and ornganised by Polish Embassy in Azerbaijan.
The share of alternative energy sources is expected to reach 20% in 2020.
Legendary Australian opera singer Joan Sutherland, hailed as ``La Stupenda'' of great sopranos of the 20th century, has died at her home in Switzerland, her family said.
Australian opera singer Joan Sutherland, hailed, has died.
China will halt illegal stock futures trading in a wider clean-up of exchanges that have been set up without central government approval, the cabinet said on Thursday.
China will halt illegal stock futures trading.
Nalanda defeated Thurstan by an innings and one run in their Under 19 inter-school cricket encounter concluded at Campbell Place yesterday.
Nalanda defeated Thurstan by an innings.
A Manchester man is in ``critical but stable condition'' following a shooting that took place Sunday evening.
A Manchester man is in critical but stable condition following a shooting.
Actor Terrence Howard was in court Tuesday to dispute how much spousal support he should be giving his estranged wife.
Terrence Howard was to dispute spousal support.
New York Knicks sensation Jeremy Lin, who famously slept on a teammate's couch the night before his unlikely rise to fame, finally has an apartment of his own.
New York Knicks sensation Jeremy Lin finally has an apartment of his own.
After announcing that it was shedding thousands of jobs, the care homes operator Southern Cross has ceased trading after landlords who own the homes announced that they intended to leave the Southern Cross Group.
The care homes operator has ceased trading.
Small business confidence in the US fell to an eight-month low last month, down for the third straight month.
Small business confidence fell.
Former George Clooney's girl Elisabetta Canalis strips in the latest ad for PETA.
Elisabetta Canalis strips in the ad for PETA.
Molecular subtyping can help predict outcomes and chemotherapy benefit in patients with colorectal cancer, according to a presentation at the annual conference of the American Society of Clinical Oncology.
Molecular subtyping can help predict outcomes and chemotherapy benefit in patients with colorectal cancer.
Bryce Harper joining the Harrisburg Senators on a rehab assignment in Bowie tops an impressive list of player moves this afternoon.
Bryce Harper joining the Harrisburg Senators tops.
A former Kalispell man has been convicted of a Texas murder and sentenced to 30 years in prison.
A former Kalispell man has been convicted of a Texas murder.
Susannah York, the lead star of many a Holywood and British film in the yesteryears, has died aged 72 following a long battle with cancer.
Susannah York has died aged 72.
Iceland has claimed to have the largest number of hydrogen cars in Europe as the Ford retailer Brimborg brought more hydrogen cars, namely 22 cars, to the country as a test ground.
Iceland has claimed to have the largest number of hydrogen cars in Europe.
Liquidity deficit in the system crossed Rs 1 lakh crore on the first day of the reporting fortnight with banks rushing to cover product needs.
Liquidity deficit crossed Rs 1 lakh crore.
Washington Capitals star Alex Ovechkin was suspended by the NHL for two games, without pay, as punishment for his hit on Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Brian Campbell in the first period of Sunday's 4-3 overtime win.
Alex Ovechkin was suspended for two games as punishment for his hit on Brian Campbell.
A Silliman Institute coach has been arrested on a simple assault count related to alleged threats of violence against an 8-year-old student at the private school.
A Silliman Institute coach has been arrested on a simple assault count related to alleged threats.
Dublin-based alternative rockers Kodaline have announced a March and April UK tour today, which will follow their current February tour.
Kodaline have announced a March and April UK tour.
Britain will consider handing over former Pakistan president Pervez Musharraf to Pakistan in the Benazir Bhutto assassination case, said British Prime Minister David Cameron during his day-long visit to Pakistan on Tuesday.
Britain will consider handing over Pervez Musharraf to Pakistan.
India on Wednesday again ruled out any kind of military action against Pakistan in the wake of 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks.
India ruled out any kind of military action against Pakistan.
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev went skiing on Monday after discussions on the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict settlement in Sochi.
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev went skiing.
Nordstrom, a specialty retailer of apparel, has opened a new store at Waterside Shops in Naples, Florida.
Nordstrom has opened a new store in Naples, Florida.
NVIDIA IS THROWING a three day party in August, and once again, we are not invited.
NVIDIA IS THROWING a party.
A 62-year-old man is recovering after he was attacked and robbed in Saskatoon on Tuesday in the Riversdale neighbourhood.
A man is recovering after he was attacked and robbed in Saskatoon.
St. Louis, MO - The St. Louis Cardinals announced Saturday that they have released right-handed pitcher Matt Clement.
The St. Louis Cardinals have released pitcher Matt Clement.
Spain unveiled ``the most austere budget in democratic history'' with €27bn of cuts and a 7pc rise in utility bills but still failed to win over economists.
Spain unveiled the most austere budget in democratic history.
Singer TONI BRAXTON has been hospitalised after suffering blood clots stemming from her lupus condition.
TONI BRAXTON has been hospitalised after suffering blood clots.
A new Japanese canned drink vending machine uses facial recognition technology to ``recommend'' drinks based on the customer's age and gender -- and sales have tripled over those from regular vending machines as a result.
A Japanese drink vending machine uses to recommend.
The market breadth turned negative.
The breadth turned negative.
Salida School District R-32-J officials contend they fired a bus driver only because he allegedly attempted to lead a boycott by bus drivers.
R he attempted to lead a boycott by bus drivers.
``I'm not happy at all and I will prove Ghanaians wrong at the night with the stars'', she said.
I 'm not and I will prove Ghanaians wrong.
Omaar who made his name covering the invasion of Iraq as the BBC's senior foreign correspondent joins ITV this week from the Al-Jazeera news channel where he has worked on investigative news and documentary programming since 2006.
Omaar joins ITV from the news channel.
Pat Haden, a former quarterback of University of Southern California and one of the Riordan Lewis \u0026 Haden Equity Partners eponymous affiliate is appointed as the new USC athletic director at his own alma mater by the new USC President Max Nikias, which will take effect on August 3, 2010.
Pat Haden, a quarterback is appointed as the new USC director.
The annual rate of inflation has jumped to 3.3 per cent after consumer prices spiked 1.6 per cent in the March quarter, the Australian Bureau of Statistics says.
The annual rate of inflation has jumped to 3.3 per cent.
``In the next session, Nifty may take support around 5,934. If sustained below 5,934, Nifty may test 5,870 and 5,800 levels. However, 6,030-6,040 may act as a strong resistance zone in Nifty. Again, intraday traders are suggested to stay long as long as Nifty holds 5,930. Metals and FMCG may maintain strength while banking, IT and capital goods may face selling pressure at higher levels,`` it opined.
Nifty may take support around 5,934.
Gymboree Corp. says it has agreed to a $1.8 billion buyout from affiliates of asset management firm Bain Capital.
Gymboree Corp. has agreed to a $ 1.8 billion buyout.
The Singapore dollar is expected to strengthen as the island's economy rapidly expands, the IMF said Friday.
The Singapore dollar is expected to strengthen.
The American bookstore chain Borders announced on Wednesday that it has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, as previously predicted by the Wall Street Journal newspaper.
The American chain Borders announced it has filed for bankruptcy.
Job security has emerged as the top most attraction for Indian employees ranking above career advancement opportunities and attractive remuneration, according to the findings of a study by HR consulting firm.
Job security has emerged as the top attraction for Indian employees.
The Mets lost former top prospect Fernando Martinez Wednesday when he was claimed on waivers by the Houston Astros.
The Mets lost Fernando Martinez was claimed by the Houston Astros.
British actor Christopher Cazenove has died at the age of 64 after losing a battle with septicaemia, his family said on Wednesday, the second ``Dynasty''star to die in the past week.
Actor Christopher Cazenove has died at the age of 64.
Kevin Harvick signed a multiyear contract extension with Richard Childress Racing.
Kevin Harvick signed a extension.
A monetary policy to be announced today by the State bank of Pakistan is not sure to significantly check the rising inflation during the current fiscal, experts suggest.
A monetary policy is not sure to check the rising inflation.
Diego Maradona wants his Argentina side to get 'the flavour of winning' after they opened their World Cup campaign with a 1-0 victory over Nigeria and the coach compared Lionel Messi's love for the ball to a child's love for chocolate.
Diego Maradona wants side to get the flavour of winning.
Chronic pain, which more than one-quarter of US adults report suffering, should be considered a disease in its own right, an Australian expert says.
Chronic pain, report, should be considered a disease.
All Beaufort County shellfish beds are closed due to excessive rainfall that could cause contamination, the SC Department of Health and Environmental Control reported today.
All Beaufort County shellfish beds are closed.
Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, has received a phase I small business innovation research grant from the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease, a division of National Institutes of Health, for the further study and characterization of a back-up series of compounds related to its novel antibacterial, ACH-702.
Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., has received a phase I small business innovation research grant from the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease.
Ashton Kutcher is set to play Apple CEO, Steve Jobs, in a new film biopic.
Ashton Kutcher is set to play CEO, Steve Jobs, in a new biopic.
Nicki Minaj will exclusively world premiere her new music video ``High School'' featuring Lil Wayne on MTV and across its various TV and digital screens on Tuesday, April 2 at 10:53 am ET.
Nicki Minaj will exclusively world premiere her new video High School featuring Lil Wayne on MTV.
As had been announced previously, Sen. Ted Kennedy has endorsed Barack Obama and promised to campaign for him.
Ted Kennedy has endorsed Barack Obama.
Natural gas futures ended lower Tuesday amid forecasts for mild weather and a supply glut that has helped ease concerns over storm-related production curtailments.
Natural gas futures ended lower.
DealerTrack announced late Monday that it is selling ALG to TrueCar.
DealerTrack is selling ALG to TrueCar.
All Horry County libraries will be closed on Thursday due to staff training, said Lisa Bourcier, Horry County's public information director.
All Horry County libraries will be closed on Thursday.
Exchange rate of the Kuwaiti dinar remained stable against the US dollar for the second consecutive day on Thursday, at KD 0.275 per dollar, and also rose for the second day in a row vis a vis the euro, standing at KD 0.392, the Central Bank of Kuwait said.
Rate of the Kuwaiti dinar remained stable against the dollar.
Taylor, Bean \u0026 Whitaker Corp. and Freddie Mac have hammered out an agreement for the former Ocala-based lender to hand over to Freddie Mac financial data and home mortgage payments.
Taylor,, Bean \u0026 Whitaker Corp. and Freddie Mac have hammered out an agreement.
The 33-year-old man allegedly stole cash and mobile phones from taxi drivers between July 20 and Aug 1.
The man allegedly stole from taxi drivers.
ISLAMABAD-Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao will visit Pakistan in December to hold strategic cooperation talks between the two countries and to develop a formal and structured dialogue at the ministerial level, Express Tribune reported November 13.
Wen Jiabao will visit Pakistan in December.
England will play Brazil and Ireland in friendlies at Wembley Stadium next year as part of celebrations to mark the Football Association's 150th anniversary.
England will play Brazil and Ireland at Wembley Stadium.
The boat of a British couple was hijacked by Somali pirates, Britain's Sky News reported on Tuesday.
The boat of a British couple was hijacked by Somali pirates.
The Associated Press North Korean leader Kim Jong Il apparently toured several Chinese border cities Sunday while on a secretive trip reportedly aimed at drumming up support for a succession plan involving his youngest son.
The North Korean leader toured Chinese border cities.
Zabransky signed with the Edmonton Eskimos of the CFL on Monday evening.
Zabransky signed with the Edmonton Eskimos.
A top US senator on Tuesday urged Pakistan to quickly restore dozens of judges ousted by President Pervez Musharraf, wading into a subject that has pushed the country's new coalition government to the verge of collapse.
A US senator urged Pakistan to restore dozens of judges ousted by Pervez Musharraf.
Actor Clint Eastwood is the so-called ``mystery speaker,'' who will address the Republican National Convention on Thursday night, according to CNN.
Clint Eastwood is the mystery speaker, who will address the Republican National Convention.
Israeli forces have killed a senior Hamas militant in a raid on the man's house in the Palestinian West Bank.
Israeli forces have killed a senior Hamas militant.
A Kentucky soldier who died while serving in Afghanistan was laid to rest on Saturday.
A Kentucky soldier was laid to rest.
Australian actress/singer Sophie Monk is engaged to marry her businessman boyfriend.
Actress / singer Sophie Monk is engaged.
One person was injured in a Waddington crash, but no one was reported hurt in a Hammond accident, state police said.
One person was injured in a Waddington crash, but no one was reported hurt in a Hammond accident.
The Brewers signed former Braves utility infielder Brooks Conrad to a Minor League contract on Monday with an invitation to Spring Training.
The Brewers signed Brooks Conrad to a Minor League contract.
What top Reserve Bank officials knew about bribery and corruption in the RBA's subsidiaries has never been the subject of any inquiry, notes an ABC News report.
Reserve Bank officials knew about bribery has never been.
International donors on Monday pledged almost 4.5 billion dollars to the Palestinians and demanded the immediate lifting of Israel's crippling blockade on the war-battered Gaza Strip.
Donors pledged almost 4.5 billion dollars to the Palestinians.
Vote sees Falkland Islands remain British Updated: 17:23, Tuesday March 12, 2013 Falkland Islanders have voted overwhelmingly in favour of remaining a British overseas territory in a referendum designed to send a strong message to Argentina, which derided the poll as illegal.
Vote sees Falkland Islands remain British Updated.
Two of the biggest cashback websites, Cashback Kings and Rpoints, are set to go bust, leaving many people who use them out of pocket.
Two of the websites, Cashback Kings, are set to go bust.
Actor Jeremy London has been charged with domestic violence following a scuffle with his estranged wife last month.
Jeremy London has been charged with domestic violence.
Former University of Georgia tennis standout John Isner advanced early Friday morning to the fourth round of the Australian Open, using 26 aces to down 12th-seeded Gail Monfils, 6-1,4-6, 7-6, 7-6.
John Isner advanced to the fourth round of the Australian Open.
LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND Liverpool striker Luis Suarez apologized Sunday for his ``inexcusable'' behaviour after biting Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic during a 2-2 soccer draw at Anfield on Sunday, while manager Brendan Rodgers called the incident ``unacceptable.''
Luis Suarez apologized for his inexcusable behaviour after biting Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic.
Sheanon Williams scored in the 85th minute to lift the Philadelphia Union to a 1-1 draw with Toronto FC on Saturday.
Sheanon Williams scored in the 85th minute to lift the Philadelphia Union to a 1 1 draw with Toronto FC.
SAN JOSE, Calif. A San Jose man already accused of making explosives is expected back in court to face more charges.
SAN JOSE, A man accused of making explosives is expected back in court.
Like a parent withholding dessert, Jindal preached fiscal restraint and responsibility to lawmakers.
Jindal preached fiscal restraint and responsibility.
Nine Florida Democrats asked Gov. Charlie Crist and Secretary of State Kurt Browning on Thursday to extend early voting in the state and take steps to reduce long waits at the polls.
Nine Florida Democrats asked Charlie Crist to extend voting.
International outrage grew over the weekend as the military junta in Myanmar continued to block most humanitarian aid two weeks after a devastating cyclone and aid groups warned of a steep increase in deaths from starvation and disease.
Outrage grew as the junta in Myanmar continued to block most humanitarian aid.
Around 1,000 potential terrorists live in Germany, 128 of whom could be classed as capable of carrying out attacks, Interior Minister Hans-Peter Friedrich was quoted as saying on Monday.
Around 1,000 potential terrorists live in Germany.
NFL owners are meeting this week in Florida to discuss a wide variety of topics including the labor situation with players and a possible change to the overtime rule.
NFL owners are meeting this week.
The AA claims only the rich will soon be able to afford to drive in Auckland.
Only the rich will be able to afford to drive.
North Korea publicly executed 15 people who attempted to flee the country or helped others escape, a warning aimed at stemming the growing flow of refugees to China, an aid group said Wednesday.
North Korea executed 15 people.
``Interest rates are likely to remain high because inflation is high ...
Interest rates are likely to remain high.
Air Pacific, Fiji's international airline, today revealed the new brandmark that will be used to represent the carrier when it relaunches as 'Fiji Airways' in 2013.
Air Pacific, Fiji's airline, today revealed the new brandmark.
Dumpstaphunk and The Revivalists will play a Phish aftershow at the House of Blues in Chicago on Friday, July 19.
Dumpstaphunk and The Revivalists will play a Phish aftershow at the House of Blues in Chicago.
Dededo, a farming community near Ho, on Sunday marked the golden jubilee of the settlement with a community church service.
Dededo marked the golden jubilee.
Lockwood residents who live east of Johnson Lane have been asked to conserve water and boil any drinking water after a water main was cracked at the intersection of Johnson and Old Hardin Road.
Lockwood residents have been asked to conserve water and boil.
Metso will supply a new evaporation plant and an upgrade of an existing recovery boiler for Billerud Skaerblacka AB's Skaerblacka mill outside Norrkoeping in Sweden.
Metso will supply a evaporation plant and an upgrade of an recovery boiler for Billerud Skaerblacka AB's mill in Sweden.
A Clifton Springs man was charged June 5 with third-degree assault, Ontario County sheriff's deputies said.
A Clifton Springs man was charged with assault.
The Milwaukee Brewers hired former New York Mets manager Willie Randolph as bench coach on Saturday.
The Milwaukee Brewers hired Willie Randolph as bench coach.
Selena Gomez has been granted a three-year restraining order against a man accused of stalking the star.
Selena Gomez has been granted a restraining order.
Levi's has appointed Wunderman as its first global digital agency, with responsibility for creative, social media, data strategy and analytics.
Levi has appointed Wunderman as its first global digital agency.
An Australian woman has died while walking the famous Kokoda Track in Papua New Guinea.
An Australian woman has died while walking the Kokoda Track.
A group of South African miners are still trapped 300 meters underground days after an accident in a closed gold mine in the eastern province of Gauteng, rescuers reported on Friday.
A group of South African miners are still trapped 300 meters underground days after an accident, rescuers reported.
Three Canadian soldiers were killed when a roadside bomb blasted their armored vehicle during a patrol in southern Afghanistan, Canadian defense officials said on Wednesday.
Three Canadian soldiers were killed a roadside bomb blasted during a patrol in Afghanistan.
Burger King is launching a new coffee line as it tries to boost its breakfast business.
Burger King is launching a new coffee line.
Women's basketball fell to 2-8 in Atlantic Coast Conference play after losing to Boston College Thursday night at Silvio O. Conte Forum.
Women's basketball fell after losing to Boston College.
If you're into movies, you see dead people all the time.
You see dead people.
The soprano Hildegard Behrens, one of the finest Wagnerian performers of her generation, has died while travelling in Japan.
The soprano Hildegard Behrens has died while travelling in Japan.
Pennsylvania State Police have confirmed that a trooper was accidentally shot in the leg on Thursday afternoon around 3 pm in the parking lot of the Belfast barracks on Bangor Road in Plainfield Township.
A trooper was accidentally shot in the lot of the Belfast barracks.
Okaloosa County now has a probable case of swine flu and Miami-Dade County has four.
Okaloosa County has a case of swine flu.
A new report says Michigan's adult obesity rate has risen to 30.5 percent and remains among the highest in the nation.
Michigan's obesity rate has risen to 30.5 percent.
Theo Fennell , jeweller to David Beckham and Elton John, warned its profits would be hit by the consumer downturn and said it had received an approach from a party interested in buying a stake.
Theo Fennell warned its profits would be hit.
A MAN arrested in connection with a suspected drugs death at a Midlands flat has been released on bail.
A MAN arrested in connection with a drugs death has been released on bail.
Taiwan has suspended the hiring of Filipino workers after the fatal shooting of a Taiwanese fisherman by the Philippine Coast Guard last week.
Taiwan has suspended the hiring of Filipino workers.
It may not be as well known as most banks but Private Exporting Funding Corporation is always there for Ex-Im customers and open for business in 2010.
It may not be and open for business in 2010.
Anyway, she chatted with us Thursday while she was out shopping -- you've just gotta love how media-friendly those Hills girls are!
You 've got ta love those Hills girls are.
Lansing, MI, August 26, 2010 --- D \u0026 R Energy Services, Inc. adds yet another Renewable Energy Consultant/Project Manager to their Michigan office.
Lansing -- D \u0026 R Energy Services, Inc. adds another Consultant / Project Manager to their Michigan office.
Jewellery retailer Links of London will open a store on the new first floor balcony at Waterloo Station on 17 July.
Links of London will open a store at Waterloo Station.
Giant galaxies that contain billions of stars are born in much the same way as delicate snowflakes, scientists say.Professor Duncan Forbes, from the Swinburne University of Technology, has provided the first direct evidence to support a theory of galaxy formation that he has likened to the birth of a snowflake.
Galaxies are born in the same way as snowflakes.
Pair injured in apparent shooting in Wilton Wilton police say a man and a woman who live together have been injured by apparent gunshot wounds.
Pair injured in apparent shooting in Wilton Wilton police say.
Family friend Michele Seidman says Hingle died at his home in Carolina Beach shortly after 10 pm Saturday.
Hingle died.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan canceled on Friday his trip to the United States, during which he was supposed to attend the UN General Assembly.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan canceled his trip.
It is a strange enough story: a pugilistic drunkard and jailbird who runs naked through the town one night, ringing the fire bell and shouting: ``I'm Satan, newly come from hell.''
I 'm Satan, newly come from hell.
Green Mile actor Michael Clarke Duncan died of natural causes, a US coroner has confirmed.
Michael Clarke Duncan died of natural causes, a coroner has confirmed.
A Shasta Lake man has been charged with manslaughter from a fatal February car wreck.
A Shasta Lake man has been charged with manslaughter.
Global mobile operator Truphone announced on Wednesday a strategic wholesale agreement with Australian telecoms provider Optus.
Truphone announced a strategic wholesale agreement with Optus.
With her 90th birthday right around the corner, legendary Marblehead crossing guard ``Nana Putt'' Mace reports she has ``crossed one off the 'bucket list.'''
Nana Putt'' Mace reports she has crossed one off the bucket list.
Celebrity Cruises is sending its award-winning Celebrity Solstice to Australia and New Zealand for the winter of 2012-13.
Celebrity Cruises is sending its Celebrity Solstice to Australia and New Zealand.
Pakistan will arrest former military ruler Pervez Musharraf should he return as announced at the...
Pakistan will arrest Pervez Musharraf should he return.
President Asif Ali Zardari told a joint session of parliament March 22 ``to fight the militants to the finish'' and pledged that Pakistan's soil would not be used for militancy.
Asif Ali Zardari told a session of parliament to fight the militants to the finish.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday said the government was taking all possible steps to counter rising food prices and added that he was confident that India's economic growth would exceed 8 percent in the next fiscal.
India's economic growth would exceed 8 percent in the next fiscal.
US home prices showed declining rates of growth in October in 18 of 20 monitored cities, a closely watched home price index released Tuesday said.
Home prices showed declining rates in October.
Colombia is not considering capital controls to limit appreciation of its currency, its finance minister said yesterday, even though the measures are no longer seen as taboo by many other nations.
Colombia is not considering capital controls.
The synth-driven, auto-tuned track, penned by Tim James and Antonina Armato, has Miley crooning: ``If your gonna be my man, understand I can't be tamed.''
Miley can't be tamed.
A Utah park ranger who was shot and critically wounded Nov. 19 near Moab is recovering at home.
A Utah park ranger is recovering at home.
The Ohio Department of Health announced Thursday that Ohio has experienced its first confirmed death tied to the H1N1 influenza.
Ohio has experienced its first confirmed death tied to the H1N1 influenza.
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said that the post-World War II systems are ``colonialistic and unfair'', being established to secure interests of the big powers.
The post-World War II systems are colonialistic and unfair.
new Sony SmartWatch, runs Android on your wrist, is accepting pre-orders now at $150 shipping real soon!
Sony SmartWatch, runs Android.
Jennifer Hudson has offered her forgiveness to the killer who murdered her mother, brother and nephew last year.
Jennifer Hudson has offered her forgiveness to the killer.
Osteologix Inc. announced in a Tuesday press release that it has received a Notice of Allowance from the US Patent and Trademark Office for its US Patent Application Number 11/579,773 titled ``High Yield and Rapid Synthesis Methods for Producing Metallo-Organic Salts'' reporting allowance of claims covering certain manufacturing processes for NB S101, the Company's lead osteoporosis drug candidate.
Osteologix Inc. has received a Notice of Allowance.
The veteran retail chocolatier is looking at new retail formats to invigorate the chain and increase sales, including test marketing a cafe concept at several of its stores across Canada, chief executive Bryan Crittenden confirmed Tuesday.
The retail chocolatier is looking at new formats.
Sri Lanka Navy assisted in the repatriation of 16 Sri Lankan fishermen, who were released from Indian custody, on Friday.
Sri Lanka Navy assisted in the repatriation of 16 Sri Lankan fishermen.
OKLAHOMA CITY - Boat engine manufacturer Mercury Marine plans to repay tax credits it received from Oklahoma now that it plans to relocate jobs from the state.
Mercury Marine plans to repay tax credits.
100000 and Beyond, an extended vehicle warranty provider, has recently obtained exclusive used car extended warranty contracts not previously available to the public.
100000 and Beyond has obtained exclusive used car extended warranty contracts.
Salem, Mar 6 A woman doctor allegedly committed suicide by setting herself ablaze in a school campus in Yercaud in the district today, police said.
Mar 6 A woman doctor committed suicide.
Nnamdi Asomugha used to eat lunch in his car during Eagles practices, 94WIP's Hollis Thomas reported on Tuesday.
Nnamdi Asomugha used to eat lunch in his car during practices.
The former bible college on Argyle Street is being turned into supportive housing for seniors by the Peterborough Housing Corporation.
The former bible college is being turned into housing for seniors.
Utah Symphony orchestra musicians have agreed to $1.1 million in salary cuts over the next three seasons to help get the state's largest performing arts organization through a difficult financial period.
Utah Symphony orchestra musicians have agreed to $ in salary cuts.
Ecuador has signed a $1 billion loan deal with China for oil and infrastructure projects, the South American nation's Finance Ministry said on Tuesday.
Ecuador has signed a $ 1 billion loan deal with China.
Thompson On Hollywood reports that Jessica Chastain has been tapped to play Princess Diana in 'Caught in Flight.
Jessica Chastain has been tapped to play Princess Diana in Caught in Flight.
A Houston County grand jury indicted a Warner Robins travel agent today on 58 counts of theft by conversion, a prosecutor says.
A Houston County grand jury indicted a travel agent.
Mumbai, Nov 18 Power was restored to most parts of north Mumbai after the region plunged into darkness following a power breakdown, officials said.
Power was restored to most parts of north Mumbai.
Teachers have received new classroom assignments under an elementary reorganization plan approved by the School Committee.
Teachers have received assignments.
A stretch of the northbound lane of Scenic Highway is closed today for road work.
A stretch of the lane of Scenic Highway is closed for road work.
Australia's Prime Minister Julia Gillard has pleaded for families to have patience on the carbon tax.
Julia Gillard has pleaded to have patience on the carbon tax.
KOCH Records announces the release of ``Cymbals,'' the new album by critically acclaimed Brazilian artist Vinicius Cantuaria.
KOCH Records announces the release of Cymbals, the new album by Vinicius Cantuaria.
2009-02-17 12:17:04 - 'Mean Girls' actress Lindsay Lohan - who has sparked concerns after being pictured with an increasingly slim physique - claims she loves eating junk food.
Lindsay Lohan loves eating junk food.
Renee Zellweger has opened up about her breast cancer scare which threatened to halt her career after the success of Jerry Maguire.
Renee Zellweger has opened up about her cancer scare.
Father Martin, who suffered from congestive heart failure, died in his sleep Monday at his home, also in Havre de Grace.
Father Martin died.
The US space shuttle Discovery flew through partly cloudy skies to land safely at its home port in Florida on Saturday, wrapping up a successful 13-day mission to the International Space Station.
The shuttle Discovery flew to land safely at its port in Florida.
At least 2,000 Lagosians have undergone free medical screening at Abule Egba area of Lagos State, Southwest Nigeria.
At least 2,000 Lagosians have undergone free medical screening.
South Korean food companies will resume pork exports to Japan after being shut out of the market for nine years, the government said Friday, according to Yonhap News.
South Korean companies will resume pork exports to Japan.
Republican Congressman Paul Ryan is strongly considering a 2012 presidential run, according to the Weekly Standard.
Paul Ryan is considering a 2012 presidential run.
Three men will face court today on a raft of charges after police seized drugs and cash during raids across Sydney's eastern suburbs.
Three men will face on a raft of charges after police seized drugs and cash during raids.
A convicted former senior tax official has been additionally indicted on charges of receiving a massive amount of money in return for helping South Korea's third-largest industrial conglomerate SK Group evade tax audits, prosecutors said Monday.
A former tax official has been indicted on charges of receiving in return for helping SK Group evade tax audits.
Gulf Craft has launched its new triple deck Majesty 125.
Gulf Craft has launched Majesty 125.
Clermont police are investigating a woman's complaint that she was videotaped while naked in a tanning booth by a man in the room next to her.
Clermont police are investigating a woman's complaint she was videotaped in a tanning booth.
R\u0026B singer Kelis is desperately seeking financial support from estranged husband Nas to cover the mounting expenses of their unborn child - insisting she has ``run out of money.''
Kelis has run out of money.
The survey found that nature tourism brings in a whopping $300 million dollars to the Valley.
Nature tourism brings in a $ 300 million dollars to the Valley.
Ghaziabad, Dec 16 One person was arrested for allegedly printing currency notes and fake documents here, the police said Tuesday.
16 One person was arrested for printing currency notes and fake documents.
Harit Shah of Angel Stock Broking is of the view that NIIT has target of Rs 123.
NIIT has target of Rs 123.
Now the Daily News reports that she has been selling access to her vast donor database: ``Clinton's campaign handlers have rented out the names and addresses of her supporters at least 60 times to a range of buyers, including the Democratic Party, pols and advocacy groups,'' including Senators Schumer and Gillibrand, and her husband's foundation, raising $3.5 million over the last year.
She has been selling.
Clarke yesterday hit out at European judges for interfering in British laws.
Clarke yesterday hit out at European judges.
Militants calling on President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo to resign have started marching towards Mendiola in Manila after holding a short program at the Welcome Rotonda, boundary of Manila and Quezon City.
Militants have started marching towards Mendiola.
Italy's Fiat took a 35% stake in Chrysler, launching a venture designed to secure the beleaguered US carmaker's future, as France asked its auto industry to commit to output targets in exchange for aid.
Italy's Fiat took a 35% stake in Chrysler.
I have learnt that you should always keep your cool, no matter what the situation is.
You should keep your cool, no matter what the situation is.
Virgin Atlantic pilots have voted by 97% in favour of strikes in a row over pay, raising the threat of disruption to summer travel.
Virgin Atlantic pilots have voted in favour of strikes.
A young man was seriously injured in a fireworks explosion during a wedding party in Dair Alla in the Jordan Valley on Saturday evening, police said.
A man was seriously injured in a fireworks explosion.
SABMiller, the world's second largest brewer, moved to expand further in China on Tuesday by increasing its stakes to 100 percent in two brewers in the Zhejiang province for $47 million in cash, Reuter reported Tuesday.
SABMiller moved to expand in China.
The Delhi Police is mulling severe action against call centre cabs that don't drop the women employees at their doorstep.
The Delhi Police is mulling action against call centre cabs.
Aishwarya will make you fall in love with her,`` according to Roshan Abbas, the director of Shah Rukh Khan-produced 'Always Kabhi Kabhi'.
You fall in love with Aishwarya.
The Holy Family Catholic Schools Little Eagles program will offer 16 summer camps for students in preschool to eighth grade.
The program will offer 16 summer camps.
Another one-quarter mile section of the Catwalk Trail to the 8-sided view area known as the Octagon will be open on Friday in time for Memorial Day weekend, one of the most popular weekends for tourists who visit the Gila National Forest.
Another section of the Catwalk Trail will be open in time for Memorial Day weekend.
Stocks are mixed in trading currently as investors remain cautious ahead of news from central banks later in the week.
Stocks are mixed as investors remain cautious.
Far Cry 3 is released on September 7th and if you pre-order then you'll receive two extra missions which will apparently equal to 40 minutes of extra gameplay.
Far Cry 3.
England fast bowler Stuart Broad struck with the first ball of the second day to dismiss West Indies for 243 in the first test at Lord's on Friday.
Stuart Broad struck with the first ball of the day.
A Columbia man will appear at a preliminary hearing on a charge of forcible rape Nov. 23, according to court records.
A man will appear at a preliminary hearing on a charge of forcible rape.
Filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma has said that he derived the idea for his latest film Phoonk from a Hindi news channel which telecasts stories on black magic.
Ram Gopal Varma derived the idea for his Phoonk from a news channel.
A second baby milk powder linked to New Zealand dairy giant Fonterra is being recalled in China.
A second baby milk powder is being recalled.
The United States has given notice it will not back away from an Internet freedom push that has raised hackles in China amid a dispute between Beijing and Web giant Google over cyber attacks.
The United States will not back away from an Internet freedom push.
Bell, Calif., just elected new council members as part of a purge of city leaders engulfed in a corruption scandal.
Bell, Calif., elected as part of a purge of leaders engulfed in a scandal.
Amanda Holden has revealed her 'Britain's Got Talent' co-judge David Walliams can be ''quite dark''.
Amanda Holden has revealed her David Walliams can be dark.
Sappi Ltd. will spend almost $200 million in its fiscal fourth quarter, mostly on its chemical cellulose expansion, including conversions at its Cloquet mill, Chief Executive Officer Ralph Boettger said.
Sappi Ltd. will spend almost $ 200 million, mostly on its expansion.
MILAN -Juventus beat bitter rival Inter Milan 2-1 in an entertaining match at San Siro and remained nine points clear at the top of Serie A after Napoli won 5-3 in a thrilling game at Torino on Saturday.
Juventus beat bitter rival Inter Milan 2 1.
'The Voice' host Reggie Yates has a ``man crush'' on Sir Tom Jones and wants to be his best friend.
The Voice ' host Reggie Yates has a man crush on Tom Jones.
Myntra.com, a fast growing e-commerce platform for fashion and lifestyle products, is all set to launch its own clothesline within a month's time.
Myntra.com is set to launch its own clothesline.
The Ruias-led Essar Steel will set up a steel processing unit in Dubai with an annual production capacity of 2.5 lakh tonne with a view to expand its market in the the Gulf region.
The Essar Steel will set up a unit in Dubai.
In return for the 25-year-old, the Brewers are keeping left-hander Chuck Lofgren.
The Brewers are keeping Chuck Lofgren.
Christina aguilera performing at last at etta james funeral, etta james passed away on january 20th...sad day!
Christina aguilera performing at last at etta james funeral.
The White House is asking Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders to submit a video on personal stories that have impacted people in their community.
The White House is asking Asian Americans to submit a video on stories.
Autonomy Corp. PLC said it entered into a seven-figure deal with a US law firm to license Autonomy's Intelligent Data Operating Layer software.
Autonomy Corp. PLC entered into a deal with a US law firm.
Moscow has opened the fountain season today by launching a light and dynamic fountain of 911 streams in Tsaritsyno reserve-museum.
Moscow has opened the fountain season.
The Singapore economy grew by 1.1 per cent in 2008, compared with 7.8 per cent a year earlier, the Ministry of Trade said Tuesday.
The Singapore economy grew by 1.1 per cent in 2008.
MYX TV, the premier Asian American television network, announces its partnership with Soompi, the worlds largest and longest-running English online media that provides complete coverage of Korean pop culture.
MYX TV, the network, announces its partnership with Soompi.
Dragon Oil, the cash-rich explorer with production assets off Turkmenistan, has launched a $200m share buyback programme while insisting it will maintain enough firepower to target further acquisitions.
Dragon Oil has launched a $ 200m share buyback programme.
ACORN, a national organization whose mission included registering and turning out low-income and minority voters, announced on this election day that it was filing for Chapter 7 bankruptcy.
ACORN was filing for Chapter 7 bankruptcy.
``At Case Construction Equipment, we are committed to partnerships within our communities -- and our support of the Chicago Children's Museum exhibit is another example,'' said James Hasler, Vice President, Case Construction Equipment.
Case Construction Equipment are -- and our support of the Chicago Children's Museum exhibit is.
A woman has been struck in the head by a falling crutch at the Missouri Capitol.
A woman has been struck by a falling crutch at the Missouri Capitol.
Supermodel Kate Moss showed a bit more than she bargained for when she accidentally revealed her undies during a wild night out.
Kate Moss showed she revealed her undies.
The Big E kicks off in West Springfield, Mass. The crazy burger is back for the next 17 days.
The Big E kicks off in West Springfield, Mass..
Gen. Stephen Lorenz pins on his fourth star today and assumes command of Air Education and Training Command at Randolph Air Force Base in Texas.
Stephen Lorenz pins on his fourth star today.
John Lewis is to launch a new technology apprenticeship scheme this year, which will see the firm further expand its IT department.
John Lewis is to launch a technology apprenticeship scheme.
A 19-year-old central Illinois soldier who died of a non-combat-related injury in Afghanistan late last month has been posthumously promoted.
A Illinois soldier has been posthumously promoted.
Morgan Stanley analysts expect Marvell Technology Group to report a solid July quarter that will position the company for continued growth through the remainder of fiscal year 2011 and into fiscal year 2012, despite recent data points in the PC supply chain that point to a weakened demand environment for the company's hard-disk-drive System-on-chip solutions.
Morgan Stanley analysts expect Marvell Technology Group to report a solid July quarter.
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak announced on Tuesday that he will not seek re-election.
Hosni Mubarak announced he will not seek re-election.
A pedestrian was hit by a car Wednesday night as he walked along the 1500 block of West 29th Street, Sgt. John Koski said.
A pedestrian was hit by a car.
Marcos Ambrose has had a top 10 finish slip through his fingers to finish 15th on a long night in the Dollar General 300 at Lowe's Motor Speedway in Charlotte, North Carolina this weekend.
Marcos Ambrose has had to finish 15th in the Dollar General 300 at Lowe's Motor Speedway.
Qantas has refused to rule out job cuts to boost profitability amid a rise in passenger numbers.
Qantas has refused to rule out job cuts.
A talented medical student who died before she could complete her studies has been awarded a rare posthumous degree.
A medical student has been awarded a rare posthumous degree.
A cruise ship with about 1,000 people on board was drifting in waters south of the Philippines after a fire disabled its engines, the Philippine coast guard said on Saturday.
A cruise ship was drifting south of the Philippines after its engines.
Bill Holland, CEO of CI Financial, which said on Monday that it has agreed to sell investment dealer Blackmont Capital Inc. to Macquarie Group.
CI Financial has agreed to sell Blackmont Capital Inc. to Macquarie Group.
A POLICE vehicle on a 999 call in Cambridge crashed with a car carrying a mother and her two children.
A POLICE vehicle crashed with a car.
Britain needs a ``school for spies'' to prevent a repeat of such scandals as the Iraqi weapons fiasco, a leading thinktank said today.
Britain needs a school for spies.
James Gandolfini, the celebrated American actor most well known for playing Tony Soprano, the lead character in The Sopranos, has died aged 51.
James Gandolfini, has died aged 51.
Singapore vowed Monday to conserve a historic train station after neighbouring Malaysia cedes ownership of railway land in the city-state.
Singapore vowed to conserve a historic train station.
Jessica Sanchez saved by the judges, stays on 'American Idol'
Jessica Sanchez saved by the judges, stays.
Former Bosnian Serb military chief Ratko Mladic on Monday refused to enter a plea before a UN war crimes court and the judge ordered his removal from the courtroom for disruptive behaviour.
Ratko Mladic refused to enter a plea before a UN court.
Jantel Lavender had 24 points and 13 rebounds to lead No. 3 Ohio State to a 91-68 win over Eastern Illinois on Friday in the first round of the preseason WomenÂ's National Invitational Tournament.
Jantel Lavender had to lead Ohio State to a win.
Jermain Defoe will rejoin the England squad on Friday after returning home for the funeral of his father.
Jermain Defoe will rejoin the England squad on Friday.
Goa beaches will now be covered under the disaster management plan to ensure speedy rescue during natural calamities and terrorist attack.
Goa beaches will be covered under the disaster management plan.
WITH Gillian McKeith in the I'm A Celebrity jungle, Anorak has sent one of old Mr Anorak's relief nurses out to buy a degree from Debenham's and stand in the lavatories at Euston train station.
I 'm.
Fisker Automotive filed a report with the SEC stating that they have raised an additional $150 million USD from a group of private investors.
Fisker Automotive have raised an additional $ 150 million USD.
World number one Novak Djokovic said Lance Armstrong should ``suffer for his lies'' after finally admitting doping on Friday, but insisted tennis was a clean sport with adequate testing.
Novak Djokovic said Lance Armstrong should suffer.
Taiwan's consumer prices fell at a slower pace in August as food costs rose following crop damage caused by the island's deadliest typhoon in half a century.
Taiwan's consumer prices fell at a slower pace.
Wednesday night go down as the night the lights went out in Portland if residents of a public meeting support a town proposal.
The lights went in Portland.
France Telecom SA on Friday confirmed its interest in Nordic operator TeliaSonera AB, but said it has yet to make a decision or start takeover talks.
France Telecom SA confirmed its interest in TeliaSonera AB.
Hundreds of police jobs will be lost in the latest round of cost cutting measures announced by Greater Manchester Police.
Hundreds of police jobs will be lost.
A 50-year old Hays woman died after she was hit by a pickup truck on Highway 2 near Harlem.
A Hays woman died after she was hit by a pickup truck.
On the coming Labour Day, Virgin Atlantic boss and billionaire Sir Richard Branson will try his hand at a new job, as a stewardess on budget airlines AirAsia's long haul flight.
Virgin Atlantic boss Sir Richard Branson will try his hand at a new job.
Ahead of the two-day extraordinary plenary meeting of the Nuclear Suppliers Group in Vienna from Thursday, India today said it expected an exemption from the NSG without any change to the draft that was circulated by the USA to suppliers.
India expected an exemption from the NSG.
A Belleisle Creek man will seek curative treatment for alcohol addiction after pleading guilty to impaired driving in Hampton provincial court recently.
A man will seek treatment.
ISG continues to highlight its credentials within the social housing sector, following confirmation of its inclusion in the Link Group Main Contractor Framework.
ISG continues to highlight its credentials within the social housing sector.
Aruba will deliver attributes of multimedia grade Wi-Fi, including application-specific performance management, video delivery in a mixed-traffic environment and interference detection and mitigation.
Aruba will deliver attributes of multimedia grade Wi-Fi.
High-profile New York lawyer Marc Dreier will plead guilty next month to an indictment charging him with running an investment fraud in the hundreds of millions of dollars, his attorney said on Monday.
New York lawyer Marc Dreier will plead guilty.
Sheridan Memorial Hospital continues to plan for the future, as work is being done to develop a strategic plan that would run through 2014.
Sheridan Memorial Hospital continues to plan for the future.
CHANNEL S boss Qhawe Mamba said he was ready to pay back some of the money he allegedly stole from members of the public who were part of the Channel S Club.
Qhawe Mamba was ready to pay some of the money.
Loss-making memory chip maker Qimonda has filed for insolvency, a court in Munich said on Friday.
Maker Qimonda has filed for insolvency, a court said.
Chief Minister NWFP Amir Haider Khan Hoti has said disarrayed terrorists will not be allowed to regroup and resurface.
Disarrayed terrorists will not be allowed to regroup and resurface.
HONOLULU The Hawaii Bowl will feature a team from the Mountain West Conference in 2012 and 2013.
The Hawaii Bowl will feature from the Mountain West Conference.
A white supremacist group will be allowed to march in Jena, La., without posting a bond the city had sought, the town's mayor said today.
A white supremacist group will be allowed to march in Jena without posting a bond.
Greece's EFG Eurobank raised €300m of funding from the interbank market using long-term government bonds as collateral, in the first such transaction since the country's sovereign debt crisis erupted last January.
Greece's EFG Eurobank raised € 300m from the interbank market.
A kerosene heater may be the cause of a deadly house fire in Bertie County.
A kerosene heater may be the cause of a deadly fire.
It is the fifth Ware County public school vandalized this year, and detectives are investigating whether the cases are linked.
The Ware County school vandalized.
Mr. Vladimir Vladimirovic Putin, perhaps I could get something from you, to remember you by, asked the worker.
Vladimir Vladimirovic Putin, I could get something.
Barack Obama was elected the 44th President of the United States approximately an hour before the day ended.
Barack Obama was elected the 44th President of the United States.
Jude Law has met his 5-month-old love child after visiting Florida last week, according to reports.
Jude Law has met his love child.
Manchester United goalkeeping coach Eric Steele has admitted that new signing David de Gea is not the finished article, insisting that he still needs to work on improving his game.
Manchester United goalkeeping coach Eric Steele has admitted David de Gea is not, insisting he still needs to work on improving.
Mesoraco, Choo homer as Reds beat Braves 5-4 Devin Mesoraco and Shin-Soo Choo hit two-out homers in the bottom of the ninth inning Tuesday night, rallying the Cincinnati Reds to a 5-4 victory over the Atlanta Braves.
Mesoraco, Choo homer as Reds beat Braves 5 4.
The rand remained weak but well off the five-year worst level of 8.35 it hit against the dollar on Thursday as the dollar gave up some ground against its peers.
The rand remained weak.
The longest solar eclipse this century left half the world cloaked in daytime darkness for almost seven minutes.
The eclipse cloaked.
Kolkata, Dec 16 Sony India expects its digital camera sales revenue to grow 50 percent from Rs.600 crore to Rs.900 crore by March 2011, a top company official said here Thursday.
Sony India expects its digital camera sales revenue to grow 50 percent.
Indians in Male and elsewhere in Maldives heaved a sigh of relief as the stand-off between Male airport operator GMR, and the Maldives government fizzled out and Maldives took over the running of the Ibrahim Nasir International Airport from the midnight of December 7.
Indians and elsewhere in Maldives heaved a sigh of relief.
A lack of high quality recycled PET is hampering the aspirations of packaging manufacturers who want to use more in their products, according to a major European packaging company.
A lack of high quality PET is hampering the aspirations.
Compass Point upgraded Fifth Third Bancorp from Neutral to Buy with a price target of $17.00.
Compass Point upgraded Fifth Third Bancorp to Buy.
Thailand on Thursday accepted its controversial royal insult laws may have been misused and could ``inadvertently'' have affected freedom of expression, in response to UN concerns.
Thailand accepted its royal insult laws may have been misused.
NTR's action packed film Adurs will be released in 900 theatres worldwide.
Adurs will be released in 900 theatres.
Superintendent of Schools Dr. Robert Roelle told The Ledger that string orchestra, which had been eliminated from the 2010-11 course catalog, was likely to be restored.
String orchestra was likely to be restored.
That's why most people can't sell their homes.
Why people can't sell their homes.
Hurricane Michael has strengthened to a Category 3 storm, the first one of the Atlantic hurricane season.
Hurricane Michael has strengthened to a Category 3 storm.
A Yellville man was injured Tuesday in a crash near Summit.
A Yellville man was injured in a crash.
Cisco says it will shed a further 1300 jobs in an ongoing drive targetting $US1 billion in savings.
Cisco will shed a 1300 jobs.
FORT MILL, SC The magistrate's office in Fort Mill has been closed by mold.
FORT MILL, The magistrate's office has been closed by mold.
Selena Gomez and her boyfriend Justin Bieber are confirmed to attend the 'Teen Choice Awards' in Los Angeles on 7th August 2011.
Selena Gomez and her Justin Bieber are confirmed to attend the Teen Choice Awards.
Despite their enticing wedding announcement, it turns out Katy Perry and Russell Brand won't be having their wedding in India as the media reported.
Katy Perry and Russell Brand won't be having their wedding in India.
The national hockey team's training camp for the preparations for the five-match series against China continued on second day here on Friday.
The national hockey team's camp continued on second day.
``Sometimes there is a herd mentality to blame the rating agencies, if you do not find anything else to blame,'' India Ratings' Managing Director and CEO Atul Joshi said.
There is a herd mentality to blame the rating agencies.
After a lacklustre start to the year, Nine will look to reclaim its lost audience - down about five per cent on last year across its three channels - with the localisation of US reality song contest The Voice and a new ``super-sized'' edition of The Block.
Nine will look to reclaim its lost audience about five cent.
New technology installed by Air New Zealand will provide greater schedule reliability and fuel efficiency on flights to Queenstown and other destinations subject to variable weather conditions.
New technology will provide greater schedule reliability.
A woman made a 911 call asking for cigarettes last week and found herself arrested as a result, US News reports Feb. 19.
A woman made a 911 call asking for cigarettes.
River of Aces put her tremendous speed to good use Friday, zipping to a 2½-length victory in the $13,750 feature race for fillies and mares at Emerald Downs.
River of Aces put, zipping to a victory in the feature race.
China stocks rose, with the benchmark index erasing an earlier loss of 2 percent, as concern faded that policy makers will raise interest rates as soon as this weekend and Ireland moved closer to a financial bailout.
China stocks rose, with the index erasing an earlier loss.
Technology has elevated cheating to a virtual art form as an increasing number of scheming scholars employ cell phones, calculators and other devices - and then brag about their exploits with how-to video guides on YouTube.
Technology has elevated cheating to a art form.
A disabled woman with a long-term drinking problem was almost four times the drink-drive limit when she drove her car on a campsite.
A woman was almost four times the limit she drove on a campsite.
Motorists were left stranded at a petrol station during rush hour after blundering suppliers pumped the wrong fuel into tanks.
Motorists were left stranded at a petrol station after blundering suppliers pumped the wrong fuel into tanks.
A Glendale man accused of killing his girlfriend last year has been found competent to stand trial.
A Glendale man has been found competent to stand trial.
Nowadays, unlike any other time in History, everybody can get paid for writing... as long as it is online.
Everybody can get paid for writing.
'Orange fever' swept the Dutch press on Saturday on the eve of the Netherlands World Cup final meeting with European champions Spain.
Orange fever swept the Dutch press.
Many of the Bollywood actors may be faced with parental pressure one way or the other but not Deepika Padukone, who is a free bird as it were as far as her career is concerned.
Many may be faced with parental pressure Deepika Padukone, who is a free bird.
A South Florida woman has been charged with child neglect after authorities said her infant son tested positive for oxycodone and cocaine.
Her infant son tested positive for oxycodone and cocaine.
Women working to realise their dream of a slim, toned and petite figure spend nearly ten years of their life dieting, according to a survey.
Women, spend nearly ten years of their life dieting.
After nearly three months on the loose, a Pontotoc County fugitive has been captured.
A Pontotoc County fugitive has been captured.
A strong earthquake, measuring 6.6 on the Richter scale, hit the west coast of northern Sumatra, Indonesia, at 8.27am on Wednesday, and tremors were felt in peninsular Malaysia, the Malaysian Meteorological Department reported.
A earthquake hit the coast of Sumatra, and tremors were felt in Malaysia.
Global hiring plans are improving by any notable degree into the second half of the year as uncertainty continues to hinder employer confidence across the globe, according to Manpower Employment Outlook survey.
Global hiring plans are improving.
Just wondering how your day is going so far.
How your day is going.
A councillor has called for enforcement action against Tesco after his council rejected retrospective plans for an extension to a store.
A councillor has called for enforcement action against Tesco.
StaffNurse.com today launches the UK's first interactive virtual job fair, sponsored by Spire Healthcare.
StaffNurse.com today launches the UK's interactive virtual job fair.
Google and Facebook have removed allegedly offensive content from their Indian sites after they were ordered by the Indian court to the pre-screen user content or face having access to their sites blocked.
Google and Facebook have removed content from their Indian sites.
Christina Aguilera has issued a warning to illegal music downloaders, ``If you illegally download my music, I'll kick your ass.''
Christina Aguilera has issued a warning to illegal downloaders I 'll kick your ass.
A Quincy man who was stabbed in a road rage incident in Dorchester was issued a criminal summons Tuesday, after the driver who wounded him said he was only acting in self-defense.
A man who was stabbed in a road rage incident was issued a criminal summons.
The Korean nuclear issue should be solved through dialogue and negotiations in a peaceful manner, said UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon in Beijing on Friday.
The Korean nuclear issue should be solved through dialogue.
A BABY born seven month ago ``without blood'' has surprised North-East doctors by making good progress.
A BABY born without blood has surprised by making progress.
Ratings agencies Wednesday welcomed the fiscal consolidation plans in the Australian budget, saying they were consistent with retaining the country's AAA credit rating.
Ratings agencies welcomed the plans in the Australian budget.
Police have no plans to review speed traps following complaints from motorists that they did not receive the summons notice.
Police have no plans to review speed traps.
A NSW Police Force officer will face court next month after being charged with making a false complaint.
A officer will face after being charged with making a false complaint.
The Russian city of Saint Petersburg has registered record interest in summer holidays in Bulgaria, announced the Russian edition Travel.
The Russian city of Saint Petersburg has registered record interest in holidays in Bulgaria.
The US President Barack Obama will address Turkish Parliament on April 6 during his visit to Turkey, APA reports quoting Zaman newspaper.
The Barack Obama will address Turkish Parliament.
The popular steakhouse chain Sullivan's opens Saturday in the revolving restaurant space at 6th and Union.
The chain Sullivan opens Saturday.
``I am guilty of retiring early and there is a reason for that,'' Favre said, according to an excerpt provided to The Associated Press.
I am guilty of retiring early, Favre said.
Under the export contract with ARG DIESEL, Anhui Ankai Automobile will export 600 buses, with a total value of 51.35 million Euros, to Iran.
Anhui Ankai Automobile will export 600 buses to Iran.
The battle of words has already erupted ahead of the Joy ``The Jet'' Ali and Faimasasa ``Shockwave'' Tavui middleweight dubbed the ``Bad Blood '' contest at the Vodafone Arena on Saturday night.
The battle of words has erupted.
COEUR D'ALENE, Idaho - The Kootenai County Sheriff's Department says the body of an 82-year-old man has been recovered from Coeur d'Alene Lake.
The body has been recovered from Coeur d'Alene Lake.
Online travel site Priceline.com just announced that it has agreed to acquired the travel search engine Kayak for $1.8 billion.
Priceline.com has agreed to acquired the engine Kayak for $ 1.8 billion.
The current global financial crisis is ``nothing'' compared to the impact of climate change, Britain's Prince Charles warned as he called for urgent environmental protection measures.
The financial crisis is nothing compared to the impact of climate change.
Spear phishing is an increasingly common form of phishing that makes use of information about a target to make attacks more specific and ``personal''.
Spear phishing is an form that makes use of information about a target to make attacks more specific and personal.
Kelsey Grammer, of ``Frasier,'' almost died from his heart attack last month; it was by no means ``mild`` as reported.
Kelsey Grammer almost died last month.
Mayor of London Ken Livingstone has admitted to having five children by three different women.
Mayor of Ken Livingstone has admitted to having five children.
An 80-year-old former Minden bank executive accused of stealing more than $11 million has pleaded guilty to one count of bank fraud.
An former bank executive has pleaded guilty to one count of bank fraud.
Just two days before the start of minicamp, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers traded away a sixth-round draft pick in 2014 for Chicago Bears offensive lineman Gabe Carimi, the Chicago Sun-Times reports.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers traded for Gabe Carimi.
Salva Kiir sworn in Saturday as the first president of South Sudan soon after the proclamation of independence of this country which has become the youngest nation in the world.
Salva Kiir sworn as the first president of South Sudan.
New research suggests that surgery often makes facelift patients feel up to 12 years younger.
Surgery makes patients feel up to 12 years younger.
A man has died after being hit by a taxi in the street.
A man has died after being hit by a taxi.
Mau, Mar 27 A local court has issued bailable warrant against actor Sanjay Dutt for allegedly violating the model code of conduct by making communal remarks in an election rally during 2009 Lok Sabha polls.
Mau, A court has issued bailable warrant against Sanjay Dutt for violating the model code.
Mark Buehrle pitched the first perfect game in the major leagues in five years Thursday and Chicago White Sox centre fielder DeWayne Wise got the assist.
Mark Buehrle pitched the perfect game.
Six to seven acres of wooden area burned Saturday afternoon west of Highway 31 in Myrtle Beach.
Six to seven acres burned of Highway 31 in Myrtle Beach.
Walter Brock, who spent more than four decades as an educator and had a crucial role in the Clay County school district's academic rise, died Friday after a long battle with cancer.
Walter Brock, who spent as an educator, died after a battle with cancer.
Real Madrid midfielder Esteban Granero says he is eager just to play again in front of the Bernabeu support but expects a tough test from Racing Santander on Saturday.
Real Madrid midfielder Esteban Granero says he is but expects a tough test from Racing Santander.
India may lose MF Husain, one of the world's most celebrated painters, to Qatar.
India may lose MF Husain to Qatar.
The PBS-produced ad documentary ``Art \u0026 Copy,'' which goes behind the scenes of the greatest ads of our time -- and into the minds of the showmen and women behind them -- won the Emmy for outstanding arts and culture programming last night.
The ad documentary Art \u0026 Copy won the Emmy for arts and culture programming.
The Prime Minister, Dr. Manmohan Singh, has said fundamentals of the economy are strong.
Fundamentals of the economy are strong.
Shane Co. announced that it has filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in the US Bankruptcy Court in Denver.
Shane Co. has filed under Chapter 11.
The country's largest two-wheeler maker Hero Honda today said it had launched refreshed versions of its motorcycles Glamour and Glamour F1, priced between Rs 50,500 and Rs 59,500.
Hero Honda had launched refreshed versions Glamour F1.
Freed murder accused Glenn Agliotti was in the Germiston Magistrate's Court yesterday, testifying in the Paparas drug trial, according to a report on the IoL site.
Glenn Agliotti was, testifying in the drug trial.
The Andhra Pradesh government is planning to impose cess on transport fuels and charge one per cent fee from successful bidders in road projects to raise resources for building roads in the state, Aruna Kumari Galla, Minister for Roads and Buildings here today.
The Andhra Pradesh government is planning to impose cess on transport fuels.
A middle age Walton man found guilty of sexual abuse of an eight year old girl.
A Walton man found guilty of sexual abuse.
Fulham ace Bryan Ruiz was delighted to make a winning FA Cup debut in victory over Charlton Athletic.
Fulham ace Bryan Ruiz was delighted to make a winning FA Cup debut.
Unum Group reported third-quarter operating income of 68 cents per share, in line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate.
Unum Group reported income, in line.
A local sheltered workshop is ``going green'' with a brand-new, bright yellow recycling bin.
A workshop is going green with a, yellow recycling bin.
A Greek tanker carrying more than 2,000 tonnes of oil has sunk off the port of Piraeus, with its captain on board.
A Greek tanker has sunk off, with its captain on board.
The dam that was condemned six years ago by the state Department of Natural Resources is being removed by property owner Mark Knutson, according to New Haven Town Board Chairman Mike Julson.
The dam is being removed.
A private prep school in Hampshire which shut down because of falling numbers is to re-open.
A private prep school is to re-open.
Four juveniles charged with robbing a pizza deliveryman in the township's Brittany Woods development Wednesday night were eating the food they allegedly stole from the victim when police found them.
Four juveniles charged with robbing a pizza deliveryman were eating.
Labor minister Marian Sarbu declared, after a meeting with union leaders that by the end of next week the ministry will present a document that unions will accept and explain to their colleagues.
Labor minister Marian Sarbu declared, by the end of next week the ministry will present a document unions will accept.
Marsh has formed a global claims practice in a move aimed at better supporting clients with claims worldwide.
Marsh has formed a global claims practice.
THREE Liverpool fans from Bedfordshire were hospitalised by Italian football hooligans ahead of the club's clash with Napoli tonight - two of them with stab wounds.
THREE Liverpool fans were hospitalised by Italian hooligans.
Senator Patrick Leahy says Congress needs to help dairy farmers survive one of the most challenging periods they've faced in years.
Patrick Leahy says Congress needs to help dairy farmers survive.
World trade growth fell to 2.0% in 2012 - - down from 5.2% in 2011 - - and is expected to remain sluggish in 2013 at around 3.3% as the economic slowdown in Europe continues to suppress global import demand, World Trade Organisation economists said on Wednesday.
World trade growth fell in 2012 and is expected to remain sluggish in 2013.
Hull City striker Dean Windass has revealed he tried to kill himself this month after battling with drink and depression following the end of his playing career two years ago.Windass, 42, who scored the goal that took his home town club Hull into the top flight of English football for the first time in their 104-year history in 2008, also appeared ... ...
Dean Windass tried to kill himself.
Supermodel Kate Moss has reportedly bought herself a £90,000 wedding ring.
Kate Moss has bought a £ 90,000 wedding ring.
Indiana is two weeks away from taking part in the largest earthquake drill ever held in the Midwest.
Indiana is away from taking part in the earthquake drill.
Otsego is moving closer to getting its first fire station after consulting with Elk River Fire Chief Bruce West.
Otsego is moving closer to getting its first fire station.
The BBC will broadcast a special edition of Football Focus this evening, following the news that Sir Alex Ferguson's will retire at the end of the football season.
Sir Alex Ferguson will retire.
Some 375 foreign English language experts will monitor the teaching of English in primary schools nationwide as part of the Education Ministry's plan to strengthen the language and streamline the curriculum.
Some 375 experts will monitor the teaching of English in primary schools.
A Rowley Regis couple have celebrated a golden wedding anniversary they feared might never happen.
A Rowley Regis couple have celebrated a golden anniversary.
The star rating system for the local authorities is meant to improve the management and delivery service as well as benchmarking and to encourage them to improve themselves in a holistic manner, Housing and Local Government Minister Datuk Kong Cho Ha said today.
The star rating system is meant to improve the service.
ChiActivate.com is pleased to announce that ChiSoft neck traction device has been bought by Warner Brothers.
Neck traction device has been bought by Warner Brothers.
After five years of no silverware, Arsenal have finally finished top of the Premier League table, albeit just the Fair Play table.
Arsenal have finally finished top of the table.
The state may ban the catch of tiger sharks and hammerheads in Florida waters, in the latest of a series of rules aimed at protecting the ocean's top predators.
The state may ban the catch of tiger sharks and hammerheads.
The Philippines will ask the United States for excess military hardware in the ``2 plus 2`` meeting in Washington DC next week, a defense official said Friday.
The Philippines will ask the United States for excess military hardware.
School officials say every teacher at Academia Ana Marie Sandoval called in sick, including the music teacher and a librarian.
Every teacher called in sick.
Elmira police are now investigating a second home invasion that took place around 6:10 am today at 1221 Lake St.
Elmira police are investigating a second home invasion.
Texas Democrats will use both a primary election and precinct caucuses March 4 to allocate the largest single bloc of delegates left on the Democratic presidential nomination calendar.
Texas Democrats will use a primary election and caucuses.
Two new bicycle lanes have opened up on Pennsylvania Avenue this weekend.
Two new bicycle lanes have opened up on Pennsylvania Avenue.
European shares edged lower in early trade on Wednesday, ahead of a key vote on austerity measures in Portugal that could see the country's government brought down, and amid continued tension in the Middle East.
European shares edged lower.
Mazda Motor Corp., Japan's second- largest auto exporter, will stop production at an unprofitable US joint venture with Ford Motor Co., Japanese broadcaster NHK said.
Mazda Motor Corp. will stop production at an US venture with Ford Motor Co., NHK said.
To no one's surprise, ``Iron Man 3'' topped the box office charts this weekend, May 3-5, with $174,144,585 in ticket sales across the nation.
Iron Man 3 topped the box office charts this weekend with $ 174,144,585 in sales.
The Indian rupee recovered 13 paise to 40.24/25 against the US currency in late morning deals on dollar selling by exporters.
The rupee recovered 13 paise.
Now she's breaking into the big time as part of a new pop group that's making waves in the industry.
She's breaking into the big time.
INDIA has released 91 Pakistani prisoners, including 87 fishermen, at the Wagah border on Tuesday before crucial talks between the foreign ministers of both countries in New Delhi.
INDIA has released 91 prisoners.
Jude Law, the actor, is descended from a family of bakers, while Madonna's former husband Guy Ritchie is distantly related to King Edward I, according to research.
Jude Law is descended from a family of bakers.
Lindsay Lohan has posted bail after being taken into custody earlier today following a Los Angeles judge's decision to revoke her probation.
Lindsay Lohan has posted bail.
The Pittsburgh Steelers have agreed to terms with free agent wide receiver Jerricho Cotchery and offensive lineman Trai Essex.
The Pittsburgh Steelers have agreed to terms with free agent wide receiver Jerricho Cotchery.
And officials in the transitional government say Qaddafi, who has been in hiding since rebels seized control of Tripoli, was captured or killed.
And officials say Qaddafi was captured.
China is set to display its maritime might in an unprecedented show Thursday as it parades its warships and nuclear submarines with 14 other nations to mark its navy's 60th anniversary.
China is set to display its maritime might.
eBay Inc. today announced it completed its previously announced acquisition of Zong, a leading provider of payments through mobile carrier billing.
EBay Inc. completed its acquisition of Zong.
A Burlington animal control officer is one of two people charged with animal cruelty after an extremely emaciated horse was discovered by the Hamilton/Burlington SPCA.
A Burlington control officer is one of two people charged with animal cruelty.
A home on Buffalo's East Side caught fire early this morning, resulting in about $10,000 in damage.
A home caught fire, resulting in about $ 10,000 in damage.
Manchester United defender Chris Smalling will miss the start of the new season after having surgery on a metatarsal injury, the club have confirmed.
Manchester United defender Chris Smalling will miss the start of the season after having on a metatarsal injury.
Director Darren Aronofsky may direct the Christopher Nolan-produced reboot of Superman, it has been announced.
Darren Aronofsky may direct the reboot of Superman.
Liverpool have told ESPN that they have the option to recall Andy Carroll from his West Ham loan in January.
Liverpool have the option to recall Andy Carroll.
A former Milan school board member said the school system needs to make more of an effort in recruiting black teachers.
A former Milan board member said the system needs to make more in recruiting black teachers.
THE financial position of Australian households has deteriorated to its lowest point since 2001, a survey measuring household savings shows.
THE financial position of Australian households has deteriorated.
Jacobellis captured her 12th World Cup title and extended her lead in the discipline standings with 2,400 points.
Jacobellis captured her 12th World Cup title.
Azerbaijan and Turkey are the most influential countries in the region, the member of the Azerbaijani parliament said.
Azerbaijan and Turkey are the most influential countries in the region.
AP Image The Northwest Airlines pilots who overshot Minneapolis have blamed air traffic controllers in part for the incident, saying controllers violated procedures.
The Northwest Airlines pilots have blamed air traffic controllers.
Abu Dhabi's health sector regulator, the Health Authority-Abu Dhabi has launched a new e-notification system for infectious diseases.
Abu Dhabi's regulator - Abu Dhabi has launched a e-notification system for infectious diseases.
Hollywood actress Scarlett Johansson wanted to ``knock the s***'' out of her co-stars on Iron Man 2 during fighting scenes.
Actress Scarlett Johansson wanted to knock out of her co-stars.
A NEW principal has been appointed at Sussex Coast College to help turn it around following a damning Ofsted report.
A NEW principal has been appointed at Sussex Coast College.
Former president Jimmy Carter has been released from a Cleveland hospital after falling ill on a plane.
Jimmy Carter has been released from a hospital.
A 19-year-old girl was allegedly kidnapped and molested by her cousin to defame her character and family.
A girl was kidnapped and molested by her cousin.
LONDON London Olympic organizers begin a series of test events this month for next year's Summer Games, inviting international athletes to experience many venues for the first time.
London Olympic organizers begin a series of test events.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. Authorities say a Florida pastor's daughter who was accidentally shot in the head in a church died Saturday at a hospital.
A Florida pastor's daughter who was accidentally shot in a church died.
The Rockets waived backup guard Luther Head on Saturday.
The Rockets waived backup guard Luther Head.
NATO troops clashed with their Afghan army allies and called in air strikes, killing four Afghan soldiers and wounding six, Afghan provincial officials said on Saturday.
NATO troops clashed with their Afghan army allies.
Bloomington Republican state Sen. Bill Brady on Thursday told his supporters in an e-mailed newsletter of his intentions to make another run for governor.
Republican state Sen. Bill Brady told his supporters to make another run for governor.
Their leaders say patient numbers continue to rise this year as people lose their jobs or have their work hours cut because of the bad economy.
Patient numbers continue to rise.
In his strongest comments yet about the disgruntled receiver, Lewis says Johnson should keep his word and sit out the season.
Lewis says Johnson should keep his word and sit out.
Oklahoma City Thunder center Nenad Krstic is recovering after undergoing surgery to repair a broken finger on his right hand.
Nenad Krstic is recovering after undergoing surgery.
Leader of ``The Youth of BPF'' Franak Vyachorka is to be taken to military hospital in Minsk where it will be decided whether he should stay in Minsk or be taken to hospital in Babruisk.
Franak Vyachorka is to be taken to hospital in Minsk.
British soul singer Gabrielle implored fans at her latest concert in Nottingham to ``get a refund'' after she turned in a poor performance, The Times reported on Monday.
Soul singer Gabrielle implored fans to get a refund.
Larry Yachimec, a Canadian stage and screen actor, died Sunday of cancer at his home in Barrie, Ont. He was 51.
Larry Yachimec died, He was 51.
A GWENT father of three harassed his former partner, sending her text messages and turning up outside their children's nursery, a court heard yesterday.
A GWENT father harassed his partner a court heard.
A young woman was violently robbed in a shopping centre car park south of Brisbane yesterday afternoon.
A woman was violently robbed in a car park.
The global economic crisis is turning into ``a human and development calamity,'' with poorer countries being hit increasingly hard, the IMF and World Bank say.
The crisis is turning into a human calamity.
Mortgage rates fell this week, a result of market speculation that the Federal Reserve may not raise the overnight bank-lending rate this year, Freddie Mac's chief economist said.
Mortgage rates fell this week.
Alex McLeish has hailed the influence on and off the pitch of veteran midfielder Lee Bowyer in helping Birmingham reach the 40-point mark and ensure Barclays Premier League football for another season.
Alex McLeish has hailed the influence.
The National Weather Service says two tornadoes touched down in northern Arizona, west of Flagstaff.
Two tornadoes touched down in Arizona.
Latin America may see the pace of credit rating increases slow as governments in the region refrain from implementing reforms aimed at broadening their tax base and increasing competition, Fitch Ratings said.
Latin America may see the pace of credit rating increases slow, Fitch Ratings said.
Additional feature improvements and Blu ray Disc Playback cbeap engine include CSS3 improvements marketing communications materials that are Preview panel, you cheap rosetta stone ltd stone hebrew Elements add and remove classes, DOM updates, and is a comprehensive professional toolset new selection refinement tools that produce superior results with complex.
Cheap rosetta stone ltd stone hebrew Elements add.
BHP Billiton Ltd. said Thursday it has closed the Perseverance nickel mine in Western Australia state after a rockfall trapped a miner underground.
BHP Billiton Ltd. has closed the Perseverance nickel mine after a rockfall.
Plymouth Devils got their first competitive win of the season with a 48-41 home League Cup success against Somerset Rebels.
Plymouth Devils got their first competitive win of the season.
Rocker Vince Neil was officially charged with domestic violence and disorderly conduct as recommended by Las Vegas police for an incident that occurred last week.
Rocker Vince Neil was officially charged with domestic violence.
A tropical storm or depression may form in the Gulf of Mexico this weekend, according to Indian River County Emergency Management.
A tropical storm may form in the Gulf of Mexico this weekend.
The summit in Astana was a failure, since after an interval of more than 10 years they gathered with a wide range of issues on the agenda, trying to solve all of them, expert of management Harutyun Mesrobyan told a press conference.
The summit in Astana was a failure.
Chinese scientists on Saturday said they have developed a reagent that could find out melamine, a hazardous chemical blamed for milk contamination, fast and at low cost.
Chinese scientists said they have developed a reagent that could find out melamine, a chemical blamed for milk contamination.
The Carolina Hurricanes got good news on captain Eric Staal, announcing Saturday he will not need surgery to repair a knee injury and will be ready for the start of the 2013-14 season.
The Carolina Hurricanes got, announcing Eric Staal will not need surgery.
Health care provision could derail MMA in Connecticut Despite legislative action to lift Connecticut's ban on mixed martial arts, plans to bring the sport to venues across the state are hanging in limbo because of a provision making promoters liable for health care costs associated with fighters' injuries.
Health care provision could derail MMA in Connecticut.
Mike Moustakas snares a liner off the bat of Gordon Beckham in the bottom of the third
Mike Moustakas snares a liner.
Galatasaray coach Fatih Terim was banned for nine matches on Thursday for criticising the referee during a league game against Mersin Idmanyurdu.
Galatasaray coach Fatih Terim was banned for nine matches.
Infrastructure development is a key to attracting foreign investment in India, Japanese Ambassador Akitaka Saiki said in New Delhi on Monday.
Infrastructure development is a key to attracting investment.
We received a question from a reader who wants to know how college students can vote in November's election.
How college students can vote.
President Serzh Sargsyan met with Secretary General of the Collective Security Treaty Organization Nikolai Bordyuzha on June 27.
Serzh Sargsyan met with General of the Nikolai Bordyuzha.
Matthew McConaughey and Camila Alves were wed at their Austin, Texas home on Saturday, June 9th in front of close friends and family.
Matthew McConaughey and Camila Alves were wed at their, Texas home.
Former All Black Luke McAlister will get his first start for the Blues this season, as they face the Lions in Johannesburg.
Luke McAlister will get his first start for the Blues.
Water is being diverted from the swollen North Platte River into irrigation canals in west-central Nebraska earlier than usual this year to reduce the risk of flooding, officials said.
Water is being diverted from the swollen North Platte River into canals.
'Pervasive corruption' was tarnishing the image of India that is respected all over the world for its secular values and 'commitment to freedom', Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said Wednesday.
Corruption was tarnishing the image of India.
NASA is now targeting late Friday night for its next attempt to launch space shuttle Discovery.
NASA is targeting late Friday night for its attempt to launch.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has hinted that he will spend big in the transfer market this summer.
Arsene Wenger will spend this summer.
An Albertville man was killed Tuesday evening in a two-vehicle crash on Section Line Road at the intersection of Turnpike Road.
An Albertville man was killed Tuesday evening in a crash.
Brighton boss Gus Poyet is delighted with their loan deal for Manchester City pair Abdul Razak and Gai Assulin.
Brighton boss Gus Poyet is delighted with their deal for pair Abdul Razak and Gai Assulin.
Rupee ended with marginal gains of 7 paise or 0.13% against US Dollar to 53.64 compared to the previous close of 53.71.
Rupee ended with marginal gains of 7 paise against US Dollar.
A new rumor was swirling that Robert Pattinson was hooking up with his friend, Sienna Miller.
Robert Pattinson was hooking up with his friend, Sienna Miller.
Japan's Sony needs to assert control over Sony Ericsson if the handset joint venture is to recoup market share and relevance in the cut-throat world of mobile devices.
Japan's Sony needs to assert control over Sony Ericsson.
A drunken driver has been convicted of murder for running down a traffic official.
A drunken driver has been convicted of murder.
MOZAMBIQUE has threatened to cut off power supply to Zimbabwe over a US$5 million debt.
MOZAMBIQUE has threatened to cut off power supply to Zimbabwe.
Davidson's Stephen Curry pauses during Wednesday's news conference at Davidson College in Davidson, NC, where Curry announced he would enter the NBA draft.
Davidson Curry announced he would enter the NBA draft.
Rival Palestinian factions met for Egyptian-brokered talks aimed at ending their long-running feud and paving the way for a unity government that could work with the international community.
Rival Palestinian factions met for talks.
Salman Khan does not seem to be in good terms with David Dhawan as recent buzz says Salman Khan refused to have David Dhawan on board in his movie.
Salman Khan refused to have David Dhawan on board.
German Maria Riesch was fourth in the final slalom of the season Friday to regain the overall World Cup lead from American Lindsey Vonn.
Maria Riesch was to regain the overall World Cup lead.
Fund industry representatives feel that the Securities Act of 2008 may be a casualty of the financial crisis.
The Securities Act may be a casualty of the crisis.
CNN's Nic Robertson reports that Gadhafi is still attacking civilians in Misrata.
Gadhafi is still attacking civilians.
Gaming firm Tabcorp Holdings Ltd says it expects normalised first half results for fiscal 2009 to be modestly ahead of last year, providing trading conditions do not change materially.
Tabcorp Holdings Ltd expects results to be.
Café Coffee Day, a part of Amalgamated Bean Coffee Trading Company Ltd, aims to expand its outlets network from the current 972 outlets to 2,000 by 2014.
Café Coffee Day aims to expand its outlets network to 2,000 by 2014.
Skin Whitening Forever review released for Eden Diaz's newly released skin whitening system.
Skin Whitening Forever review released.
A teenager was stabbed to death and another seriously injured near a mosque in the capital's Shantinagar last night over an altercation.
A teenager was stabbed to death.
Motorola has won a commercial W-CDMA contract with Chinese mobile operator China Unicom.
Motorola has won a W-CDMA contract with China Unicom.
Fidgeting could add years to your life just as being sedentary could be harmful for your health.
Fidgeting could add years to your life.
Alcon, Inc. announced that its shareholders approved the merger of Alcon into Novartis AG at its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders.
Its shareholders approved the merger of Alcon into Novartis AG.
``The best time to plant a tree is twenty years ago.
The best time to plant a tree is.
(Opera acquires Web-based e-mail provider FastMail.fm allowing Opera to deliver cross-poatform messaging to a wide range of devices.)
(Opera acquires provider FastMail.fm).
- Portland State offensive coordinator and former Hawaii assistant Mouse Davis is retiring after more than 50 years of coaching.
Coordinator and former Hawaii assistant Mouse Davis is retiring.
Four men including a teenage boy arrested by police over a car hijacking and burglary were armed with a sword.
Four men including a boy arrested over a car hijacking were armed with a sword.
Iranian Energy Minister Majid Namjou said Monday Iran is ready to supply Pakistan with more electricity to help meet its energy needs, the local English language satellite Press TV reported on Monday.
Iran is ready to supply Pakistan with electricity.
Police arrested six Occupy Tampa protesters Friday morning who they said refused to move from a downtown sidewalk.
Police arrested six Occupy Tampa protesters.
Ohio voters will decide next week whether to create a board overseeing livestock care in a move that could give farmers in rural America a blueprint for battling animal rights groups intent on outlawing cramped cages for chickens and hogs.
Ohio voters will decide to create a board overseeing livestock care.
Twin explosions killed at least 56 people in the Pakistani city of Quetta on Thursday evening, a police official said, hours after a bombing in Quetta's market killed 11.
Twin explosions killed at least 56 people in the Pakistani city.
Braveheart star Mel Gibson has admitted he slapped Oksana Grigorieva, claiming her hysterical behavior was endangering their baby.
Mel Gibson slapped Oksana Grigorieva.
BLUES manager Gary Waddock says he will be ``stewing'' all weekend over today's controversial penalty decision -- after it proved the decisive moment in the home defeat to Brentford.
Gary Waddock will be stewing over today's penalty decision.
Kim Kardashian will always work hard to make sure her body is in its best shape.
Kim Kardashian will work hard to make her body is.
The new Hancock Co. coroner will be named Monday.
The Hancock Co. coroner will be named.
Japan Airlines has announced that it is strengthening its network connecting Japan and northern Europe by expanding its bilateral codeshare agreement with Finnair.
Japan Airlines is strengthening connecting by expanding its codeshare agreement with Finnair.
People are filtering in slowly for the Sarah Palin rally for Vaughn Ward's campaign this morning; here's a shot of the line outside just as the doors opened.
People are filtering in for the Sarah Palin rally.
The rising cost of car insurance is contributing to drive more and more motorists off the road, new research suggests.
The cost of car insurance is contributing to drive motorists off the road.
Who's the hottest property now being sought by talent agents who can almost taste making a bundle for a book deal....
Who's the hottest property being sought by talent agents.
International Coal Group says it's postponing its annual shareholder meeting indefinitely because of its proposed $3.4 billion takeover by Arch Coal Inc.
International Coal Group's postponing its annual shareholder meeting.
Bayern Munich defender Jerome Boateng was banned for two league games on Monday after being dismissed in their 2-1 defeat by Hanover 96 on Sunday and despite efforts by his club to help him escape a suspension.
Bayern Munich defender Jerome Boateng was banned for two games.
A provision in the new budget law protects local small businesses that sell or lease construction equipment.
A provision protects small businesses.
Three FEMA mobile centers are opening this week in Connecticut to help homeowners and businesses affected by Superstorm Sandy.
Three FEMA mobile centers are opening in Connecticut.
Mumbai, May 3 Shamshad Begum was born in Lahore, not in Amritsar, the legendary singer's only daughter, Usha Ratra, has clarified, also opening up about her mother's shy nature, personal struggles and professional achievements.
May 3 Shamshad Begum was born in Lahore, not in Amritsar, has clarified.
Saudi Arabia has set up a ministry for housing, the kingdom's state news agency said on Friday, as the world's largest oil exporter seeks to address huge demand for new homes.
Saudi Arabia has set up a ministry for housing.
Inappropriate preservation may cause damage to the wheat during current monsoon season, as 2.5 million tonnes of the commodity is lying in open spaces.
Inappropriate preservation may cause damage to the wheat.
Monaco left it late to claim a valuable 1-0 win against Lorient that sees the principality club leapfrog their opponents in the Ligue 1 standings.
Monaco left late.
Open Kernel Labs, a provider of virtualisation software for mobile phones and broadband Internet devices, introduced on Thursday OK:
Open Kernel Labs introduced on OK.
Australian consumer confidence surged in April as billions of dollars in government stimulus measures gained traction, a survey said.
Australian consumer confidence surged gained.
To further promote security best practices and standards, NetIQ has joined the Cloud Security Alliance, a not-for-profit organization formed by end users, vendors and other stakeholders to further educate the market on the impact of cloud computing on security and compliance programs.
NetIQ has joined the Cloud Security Alliance.
Taylor Swift and her One Direction boyfriend Harry Styles' break up is weirdly similar to Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez's split.
Taylor Swift and her Harry Styles break up is.
COMMUTERS into London face disruption as London Underground staff start a 24-hour strike today.
COMMUTERS face as London Underground staff start a strike.
M\u0026G Investments has launched a global multi-asset fund that aims to deliver a high and rising income, as well as offering the potential for capital growth over the longer term.
M\u0026G Investments has launched a global multi-asset fund.
Turkey has sent a protest note to Syria, the Turkish newspaper Yenisafak said on Saturday.
Turkey has sent a protest note to Syria.
The BSE benchmark Sensex recovered by over 86 points in early trade on Wednesday on emergence of buying by funds and retailers amid a firming Asian trend.
The Sensex recovered by over 86 points in early trade.
``Anna Hazare, by his crusade against corruption had eased the apprehensions of Congress as it was worried that a strong Lok Pall Bill would not get a nod in Parliament,'' Jaiswal said.
Anna Hazare, had eased the apprehensions of Congress.
It took a Washington County jury about three hours yesterday to find a local man guilty of raping and beating a local woman in March 2009.
It took a jury to find a local man guilty of raping a woman.
Barack Obama and David Cameron today got down to the ``serious business'' of Afghanistan, Iran and Syria after a spectacular pomp-and-ceremony official welcome at the White House.
Barack Obama and David Cameron today got down to the serious business of Afghanistan.
Accuride Corp., a supplier of car and truck parts, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection Thursday but said it will continue to operate normally and plans to pay unsecured trade creditors in full.
Accuride Corp., a supplier, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
Paul ``Duke'' Hogue, a star center for two University of Cincinnati national champion basketball teams, has died at age 69.
Paul ``Duke'' Hogue, a star center, has died.
The Killers will begin work on their fourth album next week, drummer Ronnie Vannucci has revealed.
The Killers will begin work on their fourth album.
Twitter co-founder Biz Stone is joining AOL and its newest addition, the Huffington Post Media Group, as a strategic adviser for social impact.In his new role, Stone will develop a platform to help people get involved with community service while working with other companies to promote philanthropy and corporate responsibility.
Twitter co-founder Biz Stone is joining AOL as a adviser for.
SAN DIEGO The NFL and the players union have agreed that San Diego Chargers holdout wide receiver Vincent Jackson can play in Week 5 if he's traded by next Wednesday.
Vincent Jackson can play in Week 5 if he's traded.
Washington, Jan 19 India and the United States enjoy a ``very personal relationship'', which is reflected in three consecutive American presidential visits to the Asian nation, the White House said today.
India enjoy a very personal relationship.
US cargo ship captain Richard Phillips has returned to a hero's welcome -- and a home-cooked meal -- after surviving capture by Somali pirates and a bloody rescue.
US cargo ship captain Richard Phillips has returned to a hero's welcome.
HIGHLAND Council's £602 million budget for the next 12 months has been rubber stamped at a meeting in Inverness today -- despite members attacking the controversial Council Tax freeze.
HIGHLAND Council's budget has been rubber stamped.
Bill Gross, manager of the world's biggest bond fund, said stocks aren't as cheap as they appear given that the era of deregulation, low borrowing costs and tax cuts is over.
Bill Gross said stocks aren't cheap as they appear given.
Tokyo stocks ended up 1.36 percent Friday as sentiment brightened on eased fears over the European debt crisis and an overnight rise on Wall Street.
Tokyo stocks ended up.
Motorola says that it has won a 3G network deployment contract from Vietnam based mobile network operator, Vinaphone, a subsidiary of Viet Nam Posts and Telecommunications Group.
Motorola has won a 3G contract from Vietnam based operator.
Tim Bresnan bowled England to a crushing 319-run victory over India in the second test today with a test best of five for 48 as the world number one side capitulated for 158 with a day to spare.
Tim Bresnan bowled England to a crushing victory over India.
In a move that could help UK citizens be a bit closer to the political sphere, the BBC has pushed a political website online which will enable people to watch political debates live and catch up on video coverage.
The BBC has pushed a political website online.
Two men were charged Thursday with smuggling illegal immigrants in a failed attempt to rush the nation's busiest border crossing in vans packed with suspected illegal immigrants.
Two men were charged with smuggling immigrants.
The Nationalist Party made a huge strategic mistake in taking a position against divorce as it alienated the substantial amount of liberals inside the party, former PN minister Michael Falzon said.
The Nationalist Party made a huge mistake in taking a position, minister Michael Falzon said.
People shout anti-presidential slogans and hold signs reading, ``Get Basescu out, Basescu doesn't want to talk with us, we are impeaching him'' during a rally promoting the impeachment of suspended President Traian Basescu in Craiova, 248 km west of Bucharest July 20, 2012.
People shout slogans and hold signs Basescu doesn't want, we are impeaching during a rally promoting the impeachment of suspended President Traian Basescu in Craiova.
Mitt Romney edged ahead of Rick Santorum in Ohio with the last precincts still coming in for the hotly contested, pivotal Super Tuesday state.
Mitt Romney edged ahead of Rick Santorum in Ohio.
Police arrested a suspected bank robber they say is responsiblefor at least two robberies in Rhode Island.
Police arrested a suspected bank robber.
Steven Spielberg is thrilled with the 10 Oscar nominations he's bagged for Help and War Horse.
Steven Spielberg is thrilled with the 10 Oscar nominations.
Teixeira is resting a sore right shoulder, which he suffered on a diving play in Tuesday's game.
Teixeira is resting a shoulder.
After a bruising session on the first trading day of the week, stocks settled mixed in the latest session.
Stocks settled mixed.
Romanies want to establish a national organisation for their representation in the talks with the government, parliament, regional and local authorities as well as other state institutions, organiser Stanislav Daniel told journalists Friday.
Romanies want to establish a national organisation.
Maruti Suzuki India said today that it will increase the prices of its vehicles by up to Rs. 20,000 from tomorrow to offset the pressure of adverse currency fluctuation.
Maruti Suzuki India will increase the prices by up to Rs. 20,000 from tomorrow.
A southbound Greyhound bus slid off the snow-covered Thruway this afternoon south of Albany but nobody aboard was injured, State Police said.
A Greyhound bus slid off the Thruway.
Hurricane Isaac weakened to a tropical storm on Wednesday afternoon with storm surge and inland flooding still threatening, said the US National Hurricane Center on the 7th anniversary of Hurricane Katrina's destructive arrival.
Hurricane Isaac weakened to a tropical storm.
Aston Villa thrashed West Ham 3-0 in the Premier League on Saturday, five days after Martin O'Neill resigned as manager and with a goal from James Milner in what could be his last match before moving to Manchester City.
Aston Villa thrashed West Ham 3 0 in the Premier League.
A kid with the handle Cactaw posted a video on Youtube showing how he Rickrolled his entire school!
He Rickrolled his school.
Army teams dominated the junior volleyball championship, which ended in Bac Ninh province on July 16.
Army teams dominated the junior championship.
Hastings cancels girls lacrosse clinic due to weather and sixth-grade girls scheduled for 7 pm Wednesday at Hastings High School has been canceled because of expected wintry weather.
Hastings cancels girls lacrosse clinic due to weather.
Melbourne house fire reveals drug crop Updated: 08:16, Monday December 10, 2012 Police have stumbled upon a cannabis crop after attending a house fire in Melbourne's southeast.
Melbourne house fire reveals drug crop.
Actor Anil Kapoor wants to launch 30 fresh faces and has already started conducting auditions.
Anil Kapoor wants to launch 30 fresh faces.
Malaysia may sell sovereign Islamic bonds in 2011 but no firm decision has yet been made, Prime Minister Najid Razak said on Sunday.
Malaysia may sell Islamic bonds in 2011.
The endangered Olive Ridley turtles living on Orissa coast are under threat following the fast pace of beach erosion, apprehended wildlife activists on Saturday.
The endangered turtles are under threat following the pace of beach erosion.
Slipper staffer goes to court Updated: 06:25, Friday May 18, 2012 A staffer of federal Speaker Peter Slipper will take his sexual harassment allegations to the Federal Court on Friday.
Slipper staffer goes to court.
A 30-year-old Jones County man was severely burned in a mobile home fire early this morning in the Powers community.
A Jones County man was severely burned in a mobile home fire.
Actress Eva Longoria has filed for divorce from basketball star Tony Parker after three years of marriage.
Eva Longoria has filed for divorce from Tony Parker.
A 16-year-old Warwick teen has been charged with robbing one of his Warwick High School classmates at knifepoint Sunday evening.
A Warwick teen has been charged with robbing one of his classmates at knifepoint.
Sen. John McCain on Monday called liberal attacks on centrist Sen. Joe Lieberman a ``disgrace.''
John McCain called attacks on Joe Lieberman a disgrace.
A CLINIC for troubled women and children in Lostwithiel would be closed after 18 months if problems directly linked with it arose in the town.
A CLINIC would be closed after 18 months if problems arose.
Celtics notebook Jason Terry staying optimistic about the Celtics Jason Terry dunked his feet in a bucket of ice, leaned back, and played it cool.
Celtics notebook Jason Terry staying optimistic about the Celtics Jason Terry dunked, leaned.
Just in case anyone forgot, Karl Malone played 30.6 mpg as a rookie, 34.8 mpg as a soph, and 39.0 mpg in his third season.
Case anyone forgot, Karl Malone played.
Jamie McCourt testified today she did not thoroughly read post-nuptial agreement documents she signed in March 2004 that her estranged husband Frank McCourt now says deprived her of an ownership interest in the Dodgers.
Jamie McCourt testified she did not thoroughly read post-nuptial agreement documents.
A proposed pipeline that would bring oil from Alberta through Minnesota and to Superior, Wis., is running into resistance.
A pipeline is running into resistance.
Cricket star Andrew ``Freddie'' Flintoff says his favourite holiday destination is cheap and cheerful Blackpool.
Andrew ``Freddie'' Flintoff says his favourite holiday destination is Blackpool.
The ICC has issued an arrest warrant for Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi for crimes against humanity.
The ICC has issued an arrest warrant for Muammar Gaddafi.
Stocks fell on the final day of the first quarter Wednesday after a payroll company's report provided investors with a surprising reminder that the job market remains weak.
Stocks fell on the final day of the first quarter.
Switzerland has ruled that the Oscar-winning Polanski will not be extradited to the United States, from where he fled in 1978 after pleading guilty to having sex with a 13-year-old girl.
The Polanski will not be extradited to the United States.
Pakistan internet traffic has been restored on major submarine cable South East Asia-Middle East-West Europe 4 after facing intermittent congestion on the networks of different service providers in the past fortnights.
Internet traffic has been restored.
The UK is ``reasonably well placed'' to cope with a large-scale cyber attack, a report by a group of peers has said.
The UK is to cope with a cyber attack.
GOVERNMENT has axed 6 000 ghost workers from its payroll, removing the remaining outstanding issue towards initiating a staff-monitored programme by the International Monetary Fund.
GOVERNMENT has axed 6 000 ghost workers.
Landon Donovan grabbed his second assist since joining Everton in a 1-1 draw with Aston Villa.
Landon Donovan grabbed assist since joining Everton in a draw.
2013-04-08T15:06:03Z 2013-04-09T00:04:55Z Wis. Sen. Johnson plans videos on government abuse Winona Daily News Republican Wisconsin Sen. Ron Johnson plans to launch a series of online videos featuring people he says have been harmed by government intrusion or ``red tape.''
2013 Wis. Sen. Johnson plans videos on government abuse Ron Johnson plans.
Zanu PF has won control of the senate with Cde Edna Madzongwe being elected President while Cde Naison Ndlovu was elected Deputy President.
Zanu PF has won control of the senate.
Six Montgomery County gang members will be charged with murder in connection with an attack that grew out of tension over women, police said today.
Six Montgomery County gang members will be charged with murder.
State Attorney General Jerry Brown on Thursday announced the last of a series of successful prosecutions against a Mexican Mafia cell that worked in Imperial and San Diego counties.
Jerry Brown announced the last of a series of successful prosecutions against a Mexican Mafia cell.
Prince William has some super soft hands and it's all thanks to his wife Kate Middleton and her growing baby bump!
Prince William has some soft hands and it's thanks to his wife Kate Middleton.
Dollar remittances from overseas Filipinos rose by 7.8 per cent in the first nine months of the year, the Philippine Central Bank said Monday.
Dollar remittances from overseas Filipinos rose by 7.8 per cent.
Spanish oil major Repsol YPF plans to boost its investments in Bolivia, Bolivian President Evo Morales said Tuesday during a visit to Spain.
Repsol YPF plans to boost its investments in Bolivia.
Panorama Software, a global provider in proactive business intelligence solutions, recently released NovaView Version 5.5, the newest iteration of its flagship suite of BI applications.
Panorama Software released NovaView Version 5.5.
Equity release planners have been told by specialists that debt is a growing problem within Britain.
Equity release planners have been told debt is a growing problem.
The last time Mr. Obama picked the Tar Heels was on 2009, after he ran in a pickup game with them while on the campaign trail.
Obama picked the Tar Heels.
KATIE Price revealed she had split up with boyfriend Alex Reid after telling how her I'm a Celebrity ...
KATIE Price had split up with boyfriend Alex Reid.
World leaders will gather here Thursday to plan a crackdown on Somali pirates.
World leaders will gather to plan a crackdown on Somali pirates.
Queen Elizabeth was serenaded by schoolchildren in Norfolk to mark her official Diamond Jubilee yesterday.
Queen Elizabeth was serenaded by schoolchildren.
Default delve into epic love song territory with their new single 'Supposed to Be.
Default delve with their Supposed to Be.
Two men have been charged with the murder of a homeless man in Hove, Sussex.
Two men have been charged with the murder of a homeless man.
Martti Ahtisaari has received the 2008 Nobel Peace Prize for mediating in some of the world's thorniest conflicts.
Martti Ahtisaari has received the 2008 Nobel Peace Prize.
THE mum of two children murdered by their dad said yesterday her ``beautiful little angels'' will always be in her heart.
THE mum said her beautiful little angels will always be in her heart.
American Superconductor Corporation has announced that it has licensed two of its proprietary wind turbine designs to South Korea-based Hyundai Heavy Industries.
American Superconductor Corporation has licensed two of its proprietary turbine designs to Hyundai Heavy Industries.
PayPal has extended its global PR review to EMEA after handing its lucrative North America account to MSLGroup.
PayPal has extended its global PR review to EMEA.
India and China pressed each other for greater market access for their products from medicines to Bollywood films at a meeting of trade ministers yesterday, seeking to expand commercial ties between the Asian giants as they battle a global downturn.
India and China pressed each other for market access.
Westwood One inks a multi-year renewal with Dennis Miller to continue hosting ``The Dennis Miller Show.''
Westwood One inks a multi-year renewal with Dennis Miller.
A gauge of consumer sentiment rose in January more than Wall Street had expected, but overall levels remained relatively low with respondents concerned over higher payroll taxes, according to data released Friday.
A gauge of consumer sentiment rose in January.
BAA has today confirmed the sale of Gatwick airport to Global Infrastructure Partners for £1.51 billion.
BAA has today confirmed the sale of Gatwick airport.
Trevor Phillips today said the Equal Pay Act should be scrapped to help tens of thousands of underpaid women receive a fairer deal.
The Equal Pay Act should be scrapped.
Former President Bill Clinton and daughter Chelsea Clinton arrive on a relief mission to Port-au-Prince, Haiti, Jan. 18, 2010.
Bill Clinton arrive on a mission to Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
Hughes, and pitchers Steven Jackson and Anthony Claggett were optioned to Triple-A Scranton-Wikes/Barre.
Hughes, were optioned to Triple-A Barre.
Britons are living longer, enjoying life and taking more foreign holidays than ever before, according to the latest studies from the Office for National Statistics.
Britons are living longer, enjoying life and taking more holidays than ever before.
BP is set to announce a record loss, having set aside an estimated $30bn to cover the costs of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill.
BP is set to announce a record loss.
Three international students of Universiti Sains Malaysia became the first from that university to receive Colombo plan scholarships.
Three international students became the first to receive Colombo scholarships.
Richard S. Johnson birdied three of his last four holes to shoot a 6-under-par 64 Sunday and win the US Bank Championship for his first US PGA Tour victory.
Richard S. Johnson birdied to shoot and win the US Bank Championship.
No. 3 Kentucky and No. 4 Louisville renew their rivalry in the most anticipated yearly game in the Commonwealth on Saturday at Rupp Arena.
No. 3 Kentucky and No. 4 Louisville renew their rivalry.
Mobile website builder Akmin's mobiSiteGalore announced on Monday that it has launched version 4.0 of its mobile website builder solution.
Mobile website builder Akmin's mobiSiteGalore has launched version 4.0.
Alliance Worldwide Investigative Group, a fully licensed, bonded and insured corporate investigative service firm, has expanded its Florida operations with the addition of AE Scott Anderson, and the establishment of a regional office in Palm Beach Gardens.
Alliance Worldwide Investigative Group, has expanded its operations.
