Last updated: October 23rd, 2017.Table of contents:--Introduction-- Information we collect and how we collect it --How we use information we collect about you--Sharing of Personal Information with third parties--Transfers of Personal Information outside of the European Economic Area--Security--Closing your account and retention of Personal Information--Data subject rights--Objection--Additional information--Contact information1.

 Information we collect and how we collect itA. Information you directly and voluntarily provide to usIn order for the Service to function, we need to collect from you and process certain data and/or information about your person or your scientific involvement.

 For some features, you may be invited or required to provide information relating to yourself, including, for example, demographic information, such as gender, birthday, or occupation, and research vita, authorship of articles, academic or research expertise or interests, conferences you have attended, groups of which you are a member, or correspondence sent to us through the Service.

 We may present biographical, publication, and other information to you that may relate to you or your work, and enable you to voluntarily incorporate it into your profile on the Service and associate it with your Personal Information.

 You may provide us with Personal Information when you telephone or email us to request technical assistance with the Service or information that you would like to receive about our services.

 C. Information we automatically collectWe and service providers acting on our behalf store log files and use tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, and local shared objects, also known as flash cookies, to collect information relating to you and your use of the Service.

 D. Information about you from third partiesWe receive information about you and your activities on and off the Service from third party partners, such as information from advertisers about your experience or interactions with them.

