instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
Scope of the ServiceThe Service provides you with the ability to add, create, upload, submit, distribute, or post ("submit", "submitting", or "submission") content, articles, data, text, photographs, images, illustrations, or other information on or to the Service (collectively, the "Member Submissions").
By way of example, and not as a limitation, Member Submissions may be submitted when you request the Service to (i) identify, resolve, copy, or import content stored on your or a third party’s computer system, (ii) synchronize content such that the Service stores or "mirrors" content stored on your or a third party’s computer system by storing such content on equipment owned or operated by ResearchGate, (iii) save or store your comments, edits, or annotations to content accessible through the Service, or (iv) share with another person any content stored on your or a third party’s computer system.
You may not accept, adopt, or post content that falsely or misleadingly implies an incorrect identity, inaccurate biographical facts, or misleading information about your qualifications, work experience, or achievements.
You are obliged to update such data when it changes.
If you choose to use a profile photo, you must use a photo where you can be clearly identified; images of other people, animals, text, and logos are not permitted.
You are responsible to ensure that the use or other exploitation of any Member Submissions by you as contemplated by these Terms does not infringe or violate the rights of any third party, including without limitation any privacy rights, publicity rights, patent, copyrights, contract rights, or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights.
Except in the case of Member Submissions containing content exclusively in the public domain, you represent and warrant, and can demonstrate to our full satisfaction upon request that (i) you own or otherwise control any and all rights or licenses required in order to submit or share all content in your Member Submissions and you consent to the use of such content as contemplated by these Terms, and (ii) you have full authority to act on behalf of any and all owners of any right, title, or interest in and to any content in your Member Submissions to use such content as contemplated by these Terms.
We will not be liable for any errors or omissions in any content.
When necessary and/or appropriate, as when another User reports inappropriate content to us, we may delete, modify, or reformat any materials, content, or information submitted by you.
If you have chosen to make your information publicly available, you understand that Member Submissions may be shared with third parties in connection with your use of the Service, and that we cannot and do not control any such third parties.
For further information, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
If you are under 18, you may not use or attempt to register for the Service.
You are obliged to keep your password to access the Service secret.
ResearchGate will not disclose your password to any third party, shall only use it during the login process, and shall not ask for your password at any time other than during the login process.
For security reasons and to prevent misuse, we recommend that you change your password at regular intervals.
You are solely responsible for anything that happens through your account, unless you close it or report misuse.
Information made available within the Service is not to be monetized.
You must not store, process, or use any other User's Personal Information for any other purpose than the natural purpose of such data being published within the Service by the respective User.
In connection with using or accessing the Service, you shall not:---Post false, inaccurate, dishonest, misleading, deceptive, defamatory, or libelous content, regardless of the person or entity to whom it is directed;---Use the Service to annoy, harass, abuse, insult, personally attack, or send other unwelcome communications to others (including to ResearchGate), including but not limited to junk mail, offers to buy or sell, spam, chain letters, phishing schemes, and excessive messages (cf.
Section 7 of the German Unfair Competition Act –
UWG);---Post Personal Information about another person (e.g.
an email address or phone number), confidential or proprietary information, or any information
you do not have a right to publish;---Post content which constitutes hate speech, including, but not limited to, that which attacks people based on their race, ethnicity, national origin, political or religious affiliation, sexual orientation, sex, gender, gender identity, age, or serious disabilities or diseases;---Post or promote any pornographic, intimidating, abusive, shocking, immoral, sexually inappropriate, or violence-glorifying materials or any content that violates any applicable legislation for the protection of minors or communicates in any sexually explicit or suggestive way;---Transfer your ResearchGate account to another party without our consent, or operate an account under a false name or identity;---Distribute or promote advertising or commercial promotional content, or send unsolicited advertising, job offers, or business proposals;---Commercialize any ResearchGate application or any information or software associated with such application, except with the prior express permission of ResearchGate in writing;---Post requests for unauthorized copyrighted material (e.g.
software, books, publications) or "pirated" or "cracked" versions of software;---Post content whose primary purpose is to drive Users to links outside of ResearchGate;---Act dishonestly or unprofessionally, including by posting broad, vague, or non-scientific content, or by misusing the Service and its features;---Intentionally infect others with viruses, worms, or other software that can destroy, interrupt, or collect their data or computer devices;---Post excessively within a short timeframe, interfere with the working of our Service, or impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;---Impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large administrative burden on ResearchGate;---Use any robot, spider, scraper, data mining tools, data gathering and extraction tools, or other automated means to access our Service for any purpose, except with the prior express permission of ResearchGate in writing;---Employ any mechanisms, software, or scripts when using the Service;---Block, overwrite, modify, or copy any contents of the Service, unless said actions are necessary for the proper use of ResearchGate; or---Encourage or enable any other individual to do any of the foregoing.5.
Copyright and other intellectual property rightsThe software running the Service, the site design and content, the logos and other graphics, articles and other texts, as well as the database are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws in multiple jurisdictions.
Changes to the ServiceWe reserve the right to modify the Service or to offer services different from those offered at the time of the User’s registration at any time, in particular under, but not limited to, the following circumstances:---We introduce new features that enhance the Service;---To the extent we are required in order to comply with applicable law, including in the event of a change in such laws;---To the extent we are required to do so because of a legal order or decision by a government authority;---To the extent the respective modifications are required to mitigate any potential security
Unless stated otherwise, new terms shall be effective thirty days from the date of such notice.
You are obliged to check your account regularly for a notice about changes to these Terms.
the extent we are obliged to do so because of a judgment or decision by the authorities; or---To the extent we introduce supplementary, completely new services, or service components requiring a service description in the Terms, unless this has a detrimental impact on the use relationship to date.10.
Term, TerminationYou may terminate the contractual relationship at any time without cause by simply disabling or deleting your account.
Apart from the cases set out above, ResearchGate’s liability shall be limited to typical foreseeable contractual damages in the event of a breach of any of its cardinal contractual duties due to slight negligence.
Cardinal contractual duties are an abstract description of those obligations whose fulfilment is indispensable for the proper implementation of an agreement and on whose fulfilment the contracting parties can usually rely.
This does not apply if the User is a consumer in the sense of Article 17 of EU Regulation
1215/2012 and is residing in a Member State of the EU; in this case the international jurisdiction is governed by Article 18 of EU Regulation
We do not represent or warrant that the Service and the data and information provided are accurate, up-to-date, complete, or reliable.
We are not responsible or liable for any damage, disadvantage, or loss of profit, whether material or immaterial, that is caused by the usage or non-usage of the Service.
Accordingly, neither of us may start a formal proceeding (except for Claims described in the "Exceptions" section below) for at least 30 days after one of us notifies the other of a Claim in writing.
You will send your notice by email to copyright@researchgate.net
20, 10115 Berlin, Germany.
We will send your notice by email to the email address associated with your account.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the notice and 30-day negotiation period required by this paragraph shall not apply, however, to disputes, claims, or controversies concerning patents, copyrights, moral rights, trademarks, and trade secrets and claims of piracy or unauthorized use of the Service.
Except as provided in the "Exceptions" section below, if we cannot resolve a Claim informally, any Claim either of us asserts will be resolved only by binding arbitration and not in courts of general jurisdiction.
If there is a conflict between JAMS Rules and the rules set forth in these Terms, the rules set forth in these Terms will govern.
THAT
YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL.
You may, in arbitration, seek any and all remedies otherwise available to you pursuant to your state’s law.
We also agree to pay the costs of the arbitration proceeding.
To start an arbitration, you or we must do the following things:---Write a Demand for Arbitration.
You also agree to pay the costs of the arbitration proceeding.
§ 2510-2521, or any other statement or law governing theft of service, shall not be subject to arbitration as set out in this Section 17 and may be decided only by a court of competent jurisdiction.
Moreover, you may choose to pursue your claim in small claims court where jurisdiction and venue over ResearchGate and you otherwise qualify for such small claims court and where your claim does not include a request for any type of equitable relief.
If you are a Personal User, you have the right to opt out and not be bound by the binding arbitration requirement by sending written notice of your decision to opt out to the email address copyright@researchgate.net.
If you opt out of the binding arbitration requirement, we also will not be bound by the requirement.
Changes will become effective on the 30th day, and will apply prospectively only to any claims arising after the 30th day.18.
You and ResearchGate both consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in San Francisco, California.
