Always stick to these principles: --we only hold your information for as long as we do the activities we told you about or have a valid reason to keep it --we think about what type of information it is, the amount collected, how sensitive it might be and any legal requirements --we design our services so that we don't hold your information any longer than we have to --we may close your BBC account if you haven't used it in the last year.

 Will my personal information be used when the BBC advertises with other companies? If you have a BBC account we might use information that we hold about you to show you relevant and "Targeted advertising" through other companies' sites, like Facebook, Google, Snapchat or Twitter for example.

 a. Why do we collect information about you in the first place? We keep information about you so that we can: --get the right services for you --plan and improve our services --keep in touch with you b. We'll always tell you why we're collecting your personal information We'll explain why and how we use it and for how long.

 c. We can only use your personal information if we have a valid reason d. We share personal information about you to others but we follow some rules The main rule is we never sell your personal information to anyone.

 n. You've got privacy rights, the same as adults, so get to know what they are You can: --ask us what personal information we hold about you --ask us to correct or delete your personal information --tell us to stop using your personal information If you're 13 or older, you can do this yourself, but not always.

 Keep in mind: --we keep a record of how you've used our services, but this information can't be linked back to you --we also keep anything you've uploaded or commented on b. What about other information I've shared with you? We might have collected other personal information that you might ask to be deleted that has nothing to do with BBC account.

 You have the right to: --request a copy of your information --not let robots make big decisions about you --to ask us to correct information that's wrong, to delete it or to request that we only use it for certain purposes --to change your mind, and ask us to stop using your information.

